<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230320_10-K_edgar_data_1327978_0001558370-23-004201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29118263</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1273591</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2849282</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13483340</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3617340</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7043235</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-004201.hdr.sgml : 20230320
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230320165636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-004201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230320
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230320

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001327978
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				300309068
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52596
		FILM NUMBER:		23746917

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TABOR CENTER
		STREET 2:		1200 SEVENTEENTH STREET, SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(303)228-2200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE TABOR CENTER
		STREET 2:		1200 SEVENTEENTH STREET, SUITE 2900
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120712

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dividend Capital Total Realty Trust Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050520

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-004201.txt : 20230320

10-K
 1
 are-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number: 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

 (Zip Code) 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of each class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 cannot be calculated because established market exists for the registrant s common stock. There were 195,101,555 outstanding shares of common stock held by non-affiliates, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of March 14, 2023, shares of Class T common stock, shares of Class S common stock, shares of Class D common stock, shares of Class I common stock and shares of Class E common stock of the registrant, each with a par value 0.01 per share, were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates certain information by reference to the definitive proxy statement for the registrant s 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC no later than April 28, 2023 . 

 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: Auditor Firm ID: 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I 1 Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 61 Item 2. Properties 61 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 65 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 65 PART II 65 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 65 Item 6. [Reserved] 75 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 76 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 89 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 90 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 127 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 127 Item 9B. Other Information 127 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 128 PART III 129 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 129 Item 11. Executive Compensation 129 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 129 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 129 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 129 PART IV 130 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 130 Item 16. Summary of Form 10-K 138 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements relate to, without limitation, our future capital expenditures, distributions, acquisitions and dispositions (including the amount and nature thereof), other developments and trends of the real estate industry, business strategies, and the expansion and growth of our operations. These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors we believe are appropriate. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such statements are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of the words may, will, should, expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, intend, project, continue, or the negative of these words, or other similar words or terms. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: the impact of macroeconomic trends, such as the unemployment rate, availability of credit, impact of inflation, rising interest rates, the conflict in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic, which may have a negative effect on the following, among other things: the fundamentals of our business, including overall market occupancy, space utilization for our tenants, who we refer to as customers from time-to-time herein, and rental rates; the financial condition of our customers, some of which are retail, financial, legal and other professional firms, our lenders, and institutions that hold our cash balances and short-term investments, which may expose us to increased risks of breach or default by these parties; customers ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to re-lease space that is or becomes vacant; and the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis; general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or renew leases, dependence on customers financial condition and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate); our ability to effectively raise and deploy proceeds from our ongoing public offerings; risks associated with the demand for liquidity under our share redemption program and our ability to meet such demand; risks associated with the availability and terms of debt and equity financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including the risk associated with interest rates impacting the cost and/or availability of financing; the business opportunities that may be presented to and pursued by us, changes in laws or regulations (including changes to laws governing the taxation of real estate investment trusts REITs )); the failure to successfully integrate Black Creek Group into the business, operations and corporate culture of Ares, and to retain Black Creek Group personnel following Ares acquisition of Black Creek Group s U.S. real estate investment advisory and distribution business in July 2021; conflicts of interest arising out of our relationships with Ares real estate group (the Sponsor ), Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (the Advisor ), and their affiliates; changes in accounting principles, policies and guidelines applicable to REITs; environmental, regulatory and/or safety requirements; and the availability and cost of comprehensive insurance, including coverage for terrorist acts. 
 For further discussion of these and other factors, see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of future events, new information or otherwise. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY RISK FACTORS An investment in shares of our common stock involves significant risks, See Risk Factors beginning on page 4. These risks include, among others: 
 There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock, and it may therefore be difficult for you to sell your shares. There are limits on the ownership, transferability and redemption of shares of our common stock which may significantly limit the liquidity of an investment in shares of our common stock. Since there is no public trading market for shares of our common stock, redemption of shares by us will likely be the only way to dispose of your shares. Our share redemption program provides stockholders with the opportunity to request that we redeem their shares on a monthly basis, but we are not obligated to redeem any shares and may choose to redeem only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be redeemed in any particular month, in our discretion. In addition, redemptions will be subject to available liquidity, volume limits and other significant restrictions. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share redemption program if in its reasonable judgment it deems a modification or suspension to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, our shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid. A portion of the proceeds received in our ongoing public offerings is expected to be used to satisfy redemption requests, including requests from our existing stockholders which may be significant. Using the proceeds from this offering for redemptions will reduce the net proceeds available to retire debt, or acquire additional properties, which may result in reduced liquidity and profitability or restrict our ability to grow our NAV. In connection with our ongoing public offerings, we incur fees and expenses which will decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments. The costs of our offerings may negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and your overall return. The purchase and redemption price for shares of our common stock will generally be based on our most recently disclosed monthly NAV (subject to material changes) and will not be based on any public trading market. In addition to being a month old when share purchases and redemptions take place, our NAV does not currently represent our enterprise value and may not accurately reflect the actual prices at which our assets could be liquidated on any given day, the value a third party would pay for all or substantially all of our shares, or the price that our shares would trade at on a national stock exchange. Our management s assessment of the market values of our properties may also differ from the appraised values of our properties. Further, it is possible that the annual appraisals of our properties may not be spread evenly throughout the year, and rapidly changing market conditions or material events may not be fully reflected in our monthly NAV. The resulting potential disparity in our NAV may inure to the benefit of redeeming stockholders or non-redeeming stockholders and new purchasers of our common stock, depending on whether our published NAV per share for such class is overstated or understated. Some of our executive officers, directors and other key personnel are also officers, directors, managers, and/or key personnel of the Advisor, our Dealer Manager and/or other entities related to our Sponsor. As a result, they face conflicts of interest, including but not limited to conflicts arising from time constraints, allocation of investment and leasing opportunities and the fact that the fees the Advisor receives for services rendered to us are based on our NAV, the procedures for which the Advisor assists our board of directors in developing, overseeing, implementing and coordinating. We are subject to risks generally incident to the ownership of real property, including changes in global, national, regional or local economic, demographic, political, real estate or capital market conditions and other factors particular to the locations of our respective real property investments. We are unable to predict future changes in these market conditions. For example, an economic downturn or rise in interest rates could make it more difficult for us to lease properties or dispose of them. In addition, rising interest rates could make alternative interest-bearing and other investments more attractive and, therefore, potentially lower the relative value of our existing real estate investments. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 Our use of leverage increases the risk of loss on our investments and places certain restrictions upon us which may limit us from realizing the most optimal value for such investments. If we fail to maintain our status as a REIT, it would adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. The amount of distributions we may make is uncertain. We may pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings or offering proceeds. The use of these sources for distributions would decrease the amount of cash we have available for new investments, repayment of debt, share redemptions and other corporate purposes, and could potentially reduce your overall return and adversely impact and dilute the value of your investment in shares of our common stock. Our NAV per share may suddenly change if the valuations of our properties materially change from prior valuations or the actual operating results materially differ from what we originally budgeted. For example, we regularly face lease expirations across our portfolio, and as we move further away from lease commencement toward the end of a lease term, the valuation of the underlying property generally will be expected to drop depending on the likelihood of a renewal or a new lease on similar terms. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS The Company Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. is a net asset value NAV )-based perpetual life REIT formed on April 11, 2005, as a Maryland corporation. We are primarily focused on investing in and operating a diverse portfolio of real property and investing in other real estate-related assets. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated real property portfolio consisted of 90 properties, totaling approximately 18.5 million square feet located in 33 markets throughout the U.S. As used herein, the terms AREIT, the Company, we, our or us refer to Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, except where otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires. We have operated and elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2006, and we intend to continue to operate in accordance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT. We utilize an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of our assets through AREIT Operating Partnership LP (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership, of which we are the sole general partner and a limited partner. We rely on the Advisor, a related party, to manage our day-to-day activities and to implement our investment strategy pursuant to the terms of the amended and restated advisory agreement (2022), effective as of May 1, 2022 (the Advisory Agreement ), by and among us, the Operating Partnership, and the Advisor. The current term of the Advisory Agreement ends on April 30, 2023, subject to renewal by our board of directors for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods. The Advisor performs its duties and responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement as a fiduciary of us and our stockholders. As a NAV-based perpetual life REIT, we intend to conduct ongoing public primary offerings of our common stock on a perpetual basis. We also intend to conduct an ongoing distribution reinvestment plan offering for our stockholders to reinvest distributions in our shares. From time to time, we intend to file new registration statements on Form S-11 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to register additional shares of common stock so that we may continuously offer shares of common stock pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). During 2022, we raised 359.5 million of gross proceeds from the sale of common stock in our ongoing public primary offerings and 29.4 million from the sale of common stock under our distribution reinvestment plan. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information about our public offerings. Additionally, we have a program to raise capital through private placement offerings by selling beneficial interests DST Interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts holding real properties (the DST Program ). These private placement offerings are exempt from registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Under the DST Program, each private placement will offer interests in one or more real properties placed into one or more Delaware statutory trust(s) by the Operating Partnership or its affiliates DST Properties ). DST Properties may be sourced from properties currently indirectly owned by the Operating Partnership or newly acquired properties. We anticipate that these interests may serve as replacement properties for investors seeking to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Similar to our prior private placement offerings, we expect that the DST Program will give us the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital raise strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive and unique investment product for investors that may be seeking replacement properties to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. We also make loans (the DST Program Loans and, each individually, a DST Program Loan to finance up to 50 of the purchase price of DST Interests paid by certain purchasers of the interests in the Delaware statutory trusts. During 2022, we sold 759.0 million of gross interests related to the DST Program, 51.5 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional detail regarding the DST Program. Investment Objectives Our primary investment objectives are: providing current income to our stockholders in the form of consistent cash distributions; preserving and protecting our stockholders capital investments; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 realizing capital appreciation in our share price from active investment management and asset management; and providing portfolio diversification in the form of multi-asset class investing in direct real property and investing in other real estate-related assets. 
 There is no assurance that we will attain our investment objectives. Our charter places numerous limitations on us with respect to the manner in which we may invest our funds. In most cases these limitations cannot be changed unless our charter is amended, with the approval of our stockholders. Investment Strategy We are primarily focused on investing in and operating a diverse portfolio of real property and investing in other real estate-related assets. We currently focus our investment activities primarily across the major U.S. property sectors (industrial, residential, office and retail). To a lesser extent, we intend to strategically invest in geographies outside of the U.S., which may include Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions, and in other sectors such as triple net lease, real estate debt (which may include mortgages and subordinated interests), real estate-related securities, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors and/or infrastructure, to create a diversified blend of current income and long-term value appreciation. Our objective is to bring the Ares leading institutional-quality real assets investment platform to income-focused investors, with significant diversification across real estate and real estate-related asset classes, geographies and sectors. We intend to allocate capital dynamically between sectors and strategies so as to achieve outperformance through strategic diversification rather than outsized risk. We expect real estate debt, non-US jurisdictions and/or infrastructure assets to comprise up to 30 of our assets. Currently, infrastructure is not expected to comprise more than 10 of our assets with a focus on real estate-related infrastructure and renewable energy sources . While we will not limit our investment opportunities to stay within these allocations, we may adjust our expectations based on market conditions and opportunities. We believe that the real estate market is cyclical, with demand for property types peaking at different times. Although we do not typically invest for the short term, we are active portfolio managers and will seek to take advantage of opportunities to acquire or dispose of assets strategically at different points in the cycle. One reason we focus on multiple property types and markets is to increase our ability to take advantage of these market cycles. We believe that the broader the opportunity set in which to invest our capital, the more selective we can be in choosing strategic and accretive investments, which we believe may result in attractive total returns for our stockholders. Seeing more of the overall real estate market also may allow us to be consistent and meaningful investors throughout different cycles. When we believe one market and/or sector is overvalued, we patiently wait and focus on another market and/or sector that we believe is overlooked or has stronger fundamentals of relative value. We also believe that value generally is based on an investment s ability to produce cash flow. We generally focus on select, targeted markets that exhibit characteristics of being supply-constrained with strong demand from customers seeking quality space. Our near-term investment strategy is likely to prioritize new investments in the industrial and residential sectors due to relatively attractive fundamental conditions. Such investments may be in the form of equity or debt, and in particular, we believe that debt investments provide an increasingly attractive risk adjusted return in today s environment. We also intend to continue to hold an allocation of properties in the office and retail sectors, the latter of which is largely grocery-anchored. To a lesser extent, we intend to invest in triple net lease, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors, real estate-related securities and/or infrastructure. Our investments in real estate-related securities generally will focus on debt or equity issued by public and private real estate companies and/or certain other securities, with the primary goal of such investments being preservation of liquidity in support of our share redemption program, while also seeking income, potential for capital appreciation and further portfolio diversification. We generally employ a long-term hold strategy for strategic investments within our portfolio of real estate assets. The majority of our current portfolio consists of primarily core or core-plus properties that have significant operating histories and are substantially leased whereby a significant portion of the total investment return is expected to be derived from current income. In addition, we have invested in and/or may invest in a relatively smaller proportion of development properties and/or value-added opportunities that have arisen in circumstances where we have determined that a property may be situationally undervalued or where re-development, re-leasing and/or improved asset management may increase cash flows, and where the total investment return is generally expected to have a relatively larger component derived from capital appreciation. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 Financing Objectives We use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our investment activities. We may finance a portion of the purchase price of any real estate asset that we acquire with borrowings on short or long-term basis from banks, life insurance companies and other lenders. We calculate our leverage for reporting purposes as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). For purposes of determining the fair value of our real property, we include the fair value of the properties that are part of the DST Program due to the master lease structure, including our purchase option. Based on this methodology, our leverage decreased to 31.8 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 37.6 as of December 31, 2021. There are other methods of calculating our overall leverage ratio that may differ from this methodology, such as the methodology used in determining our compliance with corporate borrowing covenants. Our current target leverage ratio is between 40-60 . Although we will generally work to maintain our targeted leverage ratio, there are no assurances that we will maintain the targeted range disclosed above or achieve any other leverage ratio that we may target in the future. Our board of directors may from time to time modify our borrowing policy in light of then-current economic conditions, the relative costs of debt and equity capital, the fair values of our properties, general conditions in the market for debt and equity securities, growth and acquisition opportunities or other factors. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Associated with Debt Financing for additional detail. Competition We face competition from various entities for investment opportunities in properties, including other REITs, pension funds, insurance companies, investment funds and companies, partnerships and developers. Many of these entities may have greater access to capital to acquire properties than we have. In addition to third-party competitors, we may compete with other programs sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor, particularly those with investment strategies that overlap with ours. In addition to competing for attractive investment opportunities, the current leasing and operating environment is also very competitive. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest and Risks Related to Investments in Real Property for additional detail. Significant Customers We are dependent upon the ability of current customers to pay their contractual rent amounts as the rents become due. As of December 31, 2022, there were no customers that represented more than 10.0 of total annualized base rent or more than 10.0 of total leased square feet. Our 10 largest customers represented 15.8 and 25.0 of total annualized base rent and total leased square feet, respectively. We are not aware of any current customers whose inability to pay their contractual rental amounts would have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. See Item 2, Properties, for further detail about customer diversification. Conflicts of Interest We are subject to various potential conflicts of interest that could arise out of our relationship with the Advisor and other affiliates and related parties, including: conflicts related to the compensation arrangements among the Advisor, certain affiliates and related parties, and us; conflicts with respect to the allocation of the Advisor s and its key personnel s time; conflicts related to our potential acquisition of assets from affiliates of the Advisor; and conflicts with respect to the allocation of investment and leasing opportunities. Further, entities currently sponsored by or that in the future may be advised by affiliates of the Sponsor, and those in which Sponsor-affiliated entities own interests, may compete with us or may be given priority over us with respect to the acquisition of certain types of investments. As a result of our potential competition with these entities, certain investment and leasing opportunities that would otherwise be available to us may not in fact be available. See Item 1A, Risk Factors Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest, for additional detail. The independent directors have an obligation to function on our behalf in all situations in which a conflict of interest may arise and have a fiduciary obligation to act on behalf of our stockholders. Compliance with Federal, State and Local Environmental Laws Properties that we may acquire, and the properties underlying our investments, are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. Under these laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner of real estate (including, in certain circumstances, a secured lender that succeeds to ownership or control of a property) may become liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at, on, under or in its property. These laws typically impose cleanup responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or control party knew 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 of or was responsible for the release or presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of investigation, remediation or removal of these substances may be substantial and could exceed the value of the property. An owner or control party of a site may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from a site. Certain environmental laws also impose liability in connection with the handling of or exposure to materials containing asbestos. These laws allow third parties to seek recovery from owners of properties for personal injuries associated with materials containing asbestos. Our operating costs and the values of these assets may be adversely affected by the obligation to pay for the cost of complying with existing environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, as well as the cost of complying with future legislation, and our income and ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be affected adversely by the existence of an environmental liability with respect to our properties. We will endeavor to ensure our properties are in compliance in all material respects with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations regarding hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products. Employees We have no employees. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Advisor assumes principal responsibility for managing our affairs and we compensate the Advisor for certain services. Available Information Our internet address is areswmsresources.com/investment-solutions/AREIT . Through a link on our website, we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and prospectus, along with any amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them to the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS RISKS RELATED TO INVESTING IN SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK There is no public trading market for the shares of our common stock and we do not anticipate that there will be a public trading market for our shares; therefore, our stockholders ability to dispose of their shares will likely be limited to redemption by us. If the stockholder does sell their shares to us, the stockholder may receive less than the price they paid. There is no public market for the shares of our common stock and we currently have no obligation or plans to apply for listing on any public securities market. Therefore, redemption of the shares of our common stock by us will likely be the only way for the stockholders to dispose of their shares. We will redeem shares at a price equal to the transaction price on the last calendar day of the applicable month (which will generally be equal to our most recently disclosed monthly NAV per share), and not based on the price at which the stockholders initially purchased their shares. We may redeem the stockholder s shares if they fail to maintain a minimum balance of 2,000 of shares, even if the stockholder s failure to meet the minimum balance is caused solely by a decline in our NAV. Subject to limited exceptions, shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be redeemed at 95 of the transaction price, which will inure indirectly to the benefit of our remaining stockholders. As a result of this and the fact that our NAV will fluctuate, stockholders may receive less than the price they paid for their shares upon redemption by us pursuant to our share redemption program. Our ability to redeem stockholder shares may be limited, and our board of directors may modify or suspend our share redemption program at any time. We may redeem fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be redeemed under our share redemption program, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. We may redeem fewer shares due to lack of readily available funds because of adverse market conditions beyond our control, the need to maintain liquidity for our operations or because we have determined that investing in real property or other illiquid investments is a better use of our capital than redeeming our shares. In addition, the total amount of aggregate redemptions of Class E, Class T, Class S, Class D, and Class I shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) will be limited during each calendar month to 2 of the aggregate NAV of all classes as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter and in each calendar quarter will be limited to 5 of the aggregate NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter; provided, however, that every month and quarter each class of our common stock will be allocated capacity within such aggregate limit to allow stockholders in such class to either (a) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) equal to at least 2 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter, or, if more limiting, (b) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) over the course of a given quarter equal 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 to at least 5 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter (collectively, referred to herein as the 2 and 5 limits ), which in the second and third months of a quarter could be less than 2 of the NAV of such share class and could even be zero. In addition, for both the aggregate and class-specific allocations described above, (i) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first month of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for that month will carry over to the second month and (ii) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first two months of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for those two months will carry over to the third month. In no event will such carry-over capacity permit the redemption of shares with aggregate value (based on the redemption price per share for the month the redemption is effected) in excess of 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter (provided that for these purposes redemptions may be measured on a net basis as described in the paragraph below). We currently measure the foregoing redemption allocations and limitations based on net redemptions during a month or quarter, as applicable. The term net redemptions means, during the applicable period, the excess of our share redemptions (capital outflows) over the proceeds from the sale of our shares (capital inflows). For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, proceeds from new subscriptions in a month are included in capital inflows on the first day of the next month because that is the first day on which such stockholders have rights in the Company. Also for purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day stockholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are outstanding through the last day of the month. With respect to future periods, our board of directors may choose whether the allocations and limitations will be applied to gross redemptions, i.e., without netting against capital inflows, rather than to net redemptions, which could limit the amount of shares redeemed in a given month or quarter despite our receiving a net capital inflow for that month or quarter. The vast majority of our assets will consist of properties which cannot generally be readily liquidated on short notice without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition. Therefore, we may not always have a sufficient amount of cash to immediately satisfy redemption requests. Our board of directors may modify or suspend our share redemption program. In addition, limited partners in our Operating Partnership may have different redemption rights with respect to partnership interests in the Operating Partnership OP Units and may be treated differently than our stockholders requesting redemption under our share redemption program. As a result, the stockholders ability to have their shares redeemed by us may be limited, and our shares should be considered as having only limited liquidity and at times may be illiquid. See Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Share Redemption Program and Other Redemptions of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our capacity to redeem shares may be further limited if we experience a concentration of investors. The current limitations of our share redemption program are based, in part, on the number of outstanding shares. Thus, the ability of a single investor, or of a group of investors acting similarly, to redeem all of their shares may be limited if they own a large percentage of our shares. Similarly, if a single investor, or a group of investors acting in concert or independently, owns a large percentage of our shares, a significant redemption request by such investor or investors could significantly further limit our ability to satisfy redemption requests of other investors of such classes. Such concentrations could arise in a variety of circumstances. For example, we could sell a large number of our shares to one or more institutional investors, either in a public offering or in a private placement. In addition, we may issue a significant number of our shares in connection with an acquisition of another company or a portfolio of properties to a single investor or a group of investors that may request redemption at similar times following the acquisition. As of December 31, 2022, based on the NAV per share of 8.82 on that date, we had outstanding approximately 237.2 million in Class T shares, 434.4 million in Class S shares, 69.5 million in Class D shares, 610.1 million in Class I shares and 467.4 million in Class E shares. Purchases and redemptions of our common shares will not be made based on the current NAV per share of our common stock. The purchase and redemption price for shares of our common stock will generally be based on our most recently disclosed monthly NAV (subject to material changes) and will not be based on any public trading market. We generally expect our transaction price to be equal to our NAV as of a date approximately one month prior to the dates when share purchases and redemptions take place. For example, if the stockholders wish to subscribe for shares of our common stock in October, the subscription request must be received in good order at least five business days before November 1. Generally, the offering price would equal the NAV per share of the 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 applicable class as of the last calendar day of September, plus applicable upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees. If accepted, the stockholder subscription would be effective on the first calendar day of November. Conversely, if the stockholders wish to submit their shares for redemption in October, the redemption request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of October. If accepted, the stockholders shares would be redeemed as of the last calendar day of October and, generally, the redemption price would equal the NAV per share of the applicable class as of the last calendar day of September, subject to reduction for early redemption. In each of these cases, the NAV that is ultimately determined as of the last day of October may be higher or lower than the NAV as of the last day of September used for determining the transaction price. Therefore, the price at which the stockholders purchase shares may be higher than the current NAV per share at the time of sale and the price at which they redeem shares may be lower than the current NAV per share at the time of redemption. Economic events that may cause our stockholders to request that we redeem their shares may materially adversely affect our cash flow and our results of operations and financial condition. Economic events affecting the U.S. economy, such as the general negative performance of the real estate sector, could cause our stockholders to seek to sell their shares to us pursuant to our share redemption program at a time when such events are adversely affecting the performance of our assets. Even if we decide to satisfy all resulting redemption requests, our cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we determine to sell assets to satisfy redemption requests, we may not be able to realize the return on such assets that we may have been able to achieve had we sold at a more favorable time, and our results of operations and financial condition, including, without limitation, breadth of our portfolio by property type and location, could be materially adversely affected. A portion of the proceeds raised in our public offerings is expected to be used to satisfy redemption requests, and such portion of the proceeds may be substantial. We currently expect to use a portion of the proceeds from our public offerings to satisfy redemption requests, in particular redemption requests from our Class E stockholders who comprise a significant portion of our stockholders, have generally held their shares for a number of years and have demonstrated significant demand for liquidity in recent years. We have redeemed approximately 73.4 million of shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022. Using the proceeds from our public offerings for redemptions will reduce the net proceeds available to retire debt or acquire additional properties, which may result in reduced liquidity and profitability or restrict our ability to grow our NAV. Using the proceeds from this offering for redemptions will reduce the net proceeds available to retire debt or acquire additional investments, which may result in reduced liquidity and profitability or restrict our ability to grow our NAV. We have experienced periods in the past in which redemption demand exceeded redemption capacity, and we could experience such situations again in the future. We commenced our initial public offering in January 2006 and commenced operations later that year. At that time, we only offered Class E shares of common stock (referred to at that time simply as our shares of common stock ), and our share redemption program for Class E stockholders (which was more restrictive than our current share redemption program) was subject to limitations that included a maximum number of redemptions during any calendar year of 5 of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the prior calendar year. Beginning in the first quarter of 2009 through the third quarter of 2016, redemption requests from Class E stockholders exceeded the redemption limits set forth in the Class E share redemption program and associated offering materials, and we conducted a number of self-tender offers to supplement this liquidity. As a result, we redeemed only a portion of the shares from investors who sought redemption during that period, either through the redemption program or self-tender offers, and the stockholders were required to resubmit redemption requests periodically in order to renew their requests to either have their shares redeemed pursuant to the share redemption program or purchased pursuant to a tender offer. Although all properly submitted redemption requests and/or tenders in our self-tender offers have been satisfied beginning with the fourth quarter of 2016, in the future we could experience situations like that described above in which redemption demand exceeds capacity. Our current share redemption program has different limitations than our share redemption program did during that time, but it remains true that our ability to redeem the stockholder shares may be limited, and our board of directors may modify or suspend our share redemption program at any time. Furthermore, we may redeem fewer shares than have been requested in any particular month to be redeemed under our share redemption program, or none at all, in our discretion at any time. If a redemption request under our share redemption program is unsatisfied, it must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share redemption program, as applicable. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Historical returns may be presented over limited timeframes and are inherently limited in their applicability to the future. In our prospectus, in our annual report, and in other investor communications, we disclose certain historical NAV and total return information. This information may be presented on a class-by-class basis or on a weighted-average basis across all our classes. The information may go back one month, one quarter, or longer periods. While we believe this historical information is useful, investors should understand that any historical return presentation is inherently limited in its applicability to the future, for a variety of reasons. We may have performed better in certain past time periods than others, and we cannot predict the future performance of our company specifically or the broader economy and real estate markets more generally. Furthermore, from time to time we make changes to our portfolio, our investment focus, or structural aspects of our company that may make past returns less comparable. Over time, we have made changes to the fees and reimbursements we pay to the Advisor (in connection with managing our operations) and the dealer manager for our public offerings, Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager ), and participating broker-dealers (in connection with our public offerings). Our share classes have different upfront fees and different class-specific fees that make their returns different from those of other classes and from average returns that may be shown. In some cases, we have changed the names of our share classes and the fees that affect their returns. Over time, we have also made changes to the frequency with which, and the methodologies with which, we estimate the value of our shares. In particular, it was not until July 2012 that we converted to a perpetual-life NAV REIT that offers multiple classes of shares, moved to a fee structure similar to what we have now, and began providing regular NAV computations and disclosures similar to those we provide now. For this reason, our historical return disclosures typically do not go further back than September 30, 2012, which is the first quarter-end date as an NAV REIT and which we refer to as our NAV inception. Nevertheless, investors should be aware that we commenced operations in the first quarter of 2006, and from 2006 to 2009 raised capital through the sale of Class E shares of common stock (referred to at that time simply as our shares of common stock at a fixed price of 10.00 per share. Prior to NAV inception in 2012, we had a materially different structure both in terms of the commissions charged in connection with sales of shares and the fees and reimbursements we paid to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager. As a result of both this different structure and the effects of the financial crisis, the performance returns for individual Class E stockholders that acquired shares in our offerings from 2006 to 2009 is lower than those for our other stockholders. Stockholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate future investments we will make with the proceeds raised in our public offerings prior to purchasing shares of our common stock. We have not identified future investments that we will make with the proceeds of our public offerings. As a result, stockholders will not be able to evaluate the economic merits, transaction terms or other financial or operational data concerning our future investments prior to purchasing shares of our common stock. Stockholders must rely on the Advisor and our board of directors to implement our investment policies, to evaluate our investment opportunities and to structure the terms of our investments. Because the stockholders cannot evaluate all of the investments we will make in advance of purchasing shares of our common stock, this additional risk may hinder the stockholders ability to achieve their own personal investment objectives related to portfolio diversification, risk-adjusted investment returns and other objectives. We may raise significantly less than the maximum offering amount in our public offerings. In our current public primary offering, we are offering on a continuous basis up to 10.0 billion of shares of our common stock. However, we may raise significantly less than this amount. Our ability to raise capital may be impacted by a variety of factors, including market demand, relative attractiveness of alternative investments, and the willingness of key distribution partners to continue to sell our shares on their respective platforms. The less capital we raise, the less capital we will have available to make investments in accordance with our investment strategy and policies, to provide liquidity to our stockholders and for general corporate purposes (which may include repayment of our debt or any other corporate purposes we deem appropriate). Furthermore, the estimated use of proceeds figures presented in our prospectuses are estimates based on numerous assumptions. The actual percentage of net proceeds available to use will depend on a number of factors, including the amount of capital we raise and the actual offering costs. For example, if we raise less than the maximum offering amount, we would expect the percentage of net offering proceeds available to us to be less (and may be substantially less) than the estimated use of proceeds figures presented in our offering prospectuses because many offering costs are fixed and do not depend on the amount of capital raised in our public offerings. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Even if we are able to raise substantial funds in our public offerings, investors in our common stock are subject to the risk that our offering, business and operating plans may change. Although we intend to operate as a perpetual-life REIT with an ongoing offering and share redemption program, this is not a requirement of our charter. Even if we are able to raise substantial funds in our public offerings, if circumstances change such that our board of directors believes it is in the best interest of our stockholders to terminate the offering or to terminate our share redemption program, we may do so without stockholder approval. Our board of directors may also change our investment objectives, borrowing policies or other corporate policies without stockholder approval. In addition, we may change the way our fees and expenses are incurred and allocated to different classes of stockholders if the tax rules applicable to REITs change such that we could do so without adverse tax consequences. Our board of directors may decide that certain significant transactions that require stockholder approval such as dissolution, merger into another entity, consolidation or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets, are in the best interests of our stockholders. Holders of all classes of our common stock have equal voting rights with respect to such matters and will vote as a single group rather than on a class-by-class basis. Accordingly, investors in our common stock are subject to the risk that our offering, business and operating plans may change. Compliance with the SEC s Regulation Best Interest by participating broker dealers may negatively impact our ability to raise capital in our public offerings, which would harm our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Commencing June 30, 2020, broker dealers are required to comply with Regulation Best Interest, which, among other requirements, establishes a new standard of conduct for broker dealers and their associated persons when making a recommendation of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities to a retail customer. When making such a recommendation, a broker-dealer and its associated persons must act in such customer s best interest at the time the recommendation is made, without placing their financial or other interest ahead of the retail customer s interests, and should consider reasonable alternatives in determining whether the broker dealer and its associated persons have a reasonable basis for making the recommendation. Listed entities may be reasonable alternatives to an investment in us, and may feature characteristics like lower cost, less complexity, and lesser or different risks than an investment in us; investments in listed securities often involve nominal or zero commissions at the time of initial purchase. The impact of Regulation Best Interest on participating broker dealers cannot be determined at this time, and it may negatively impact whether participating broker dealers and their associated persons recommend our public offerings to certain retail customers. If Regulation Best Interest reduces our ability to raise capital in our public offerings, it would harm our ability to further expand and diversify our portfolio of investments, as well as our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Valuations and appraisals of our properties, real estate-related assets and real estate-related liabilities are estimates of value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. The primary component of our NAV is the value of our investments. The valuation methodologies used to value our properties and certain real estate-related assets involve subjective judgments regarding such factors as comparable sales, rental revenue and operating expense data, known contingencies, the capitalization or discount rate, and projections of future rent and expenses based on appropriate analysis. Additionally, appraisals of our properties are in part based on historical transaction data. As a result, valuations and appraisals of our properties, real estate-related assets and real estate-related liabilities are only estimates of current market value. Ultimate realization of the value of an asset or liability depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions beyond our control and the control of the Independent Valuation Advisor (as defined below) and other parties involved in the valuation of our assets and liabilities. Further, these valuations may not necessarily represent the price at which an asset or liability would sell, because market prices of assets and liabilities are best determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. As such, the carrying value of an asset may not reflect the price at which the asset could be sold in the market, and the difference between carrying value and the ultimate sales price could be material. In addition, accurate valuations are more difficult to obtain in times of low transaction volume because there are fewer market transactions that can be considered in the context of the appraisal. Valuations used for determining our NAV also are generally made without consideration of the expenses that would be incurred by us in connection with disposing of assets and liabilities. Therefore, the valuations of our properties, our investments in real estate-related assets and our liabilities may not correspond to the timely realizable value upon a sale of those assets and liabilities. In addition, the value of our interest in any joint venture or partnership that is a minority interest or is restricted as to salability or transferability may reflect or be adjusted for a minority or liquidity discount. In addition to being a month old when share purchases and redemptions take place, our NAV does not currently represent enterprise value and may not accurately reflect the actual prices at which our assets could be liquidated on any given day, the value a third party would pay for all or substantially all of our shares, or the price that our shares would trade at on a national stock exchange. The stock price of shares of a publicly traded REIT may materially differ than the NAV of a non-traded REIT with comparable portfolios. While any changes in the value of our real estate portfolio will ultimately be reflected in future 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 calculations of NAV, there will be no retroactive adjustment in the valuation of such assets or liabilities, the price of our shares of common stock, the price we paid to redeem shares of our common stock or NAV-based fees we paid to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager to the extent such valuations prove to not accurately reflect the true estimate of value and are not a precise measure of realizable value. Because the price the stockholders will pay for shares of our common stock in the offering, and the price at which their shares may be redeemed by us pursuant to our share redemption program, are generally based on our estimated NAV per share, the stockholders may pay more than realizable value or receive less than realizable value for their investment. In order to disclose a monthly NAV, we are reliant on the parties that we engage for that purpose, in particular the Independent Valuation Advisor and the other appraisers that we hire to value and appraise our real property portfolio. In order to disclose a monthly NAV, our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation procedures that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV and caused us to engage independent third parties such as the Independent Valuation Advisor, to appraise our real property portfolio on a monthly basis, and independent appraisal firms, to provide periodic appraisals with respect to our properties. We have also engaged a firm to act as the NAV Accountant and may engage other independent third parties or the Advisor to value other assets or liabilities. Although our board of directors, with the assistance of the Advisor, oversees all of these parties and the reasonableness of their work product, we will not independently verify our NAV or the components thereof, such as the appraised values of our properties. Our management s assessment of the market values of our properties may also differ from the appraised values of our properties as determined by the Independent Valuation Advisor. If the parties engaged by us to determine our monthly NAV are unable or unwilling to perform their obligations to us, our NAV could be inaccurate or unavailable, and we could decide to suspend our public offerings and our share redemption program. Our NAV is not subject to U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), will not be independently audited and will involve subjective judgments by the Independent Valuation Advisor and other parties involved in valuing our assets and liabilities. Our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to GAAP and will not be subject to independent audit. Our NAV may differ from equity (net assets) reflected on our audited financial statements, even if we are required to adopt a fair value basis of accounting for GAAP financial statement purposes. Additionally, we are dependent on the Advisor to be reasonably aware of material events specific to our properties (such as customer disputes, damage, litigation and environmental issues) that may cause the value of a property to change materially and to promptly notify the Independent Valuation Advisor so that the information may be reflected in our real property portfolio valuation. In addition, the implementation and coordination of our valuation procedures include certain subjective judgments of the Advisor, such as whether the Independent Valuation Advisor should be notified of events specific to our properties that could affect their valuations, as well as of the Independent Valuation Advisor and other parties we engage, as to whether adjustments to asset and liability valuations are appropriate. Accordingly, the stockholders must rely entirely on our board of directors to adopt appropriate valuation procedures and on the Independent Valuation Advisor and other parties we engage in order to arrive at our NAV, which may not correspond to realizable value upon a sale of our assets. No rule or regulation requires that we calculate our NAV in a certain way, and our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, may adopt changes to the valuation procedures. There are no existing rules or regulatory bodies that specifically govern the manner in which we calculate our NAV. As a result, it is important that stockholders pay particular attention to the specific methodologies and assumptions we use to calculate our NAV. Other public REITs may use different methodologies or assumptions to determine their NAV. In addition, each year our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, will review the appropriateness of our valuation procedures and may, at any time, adopt changes to the valuation procedures. If we acquire real properties as a portfolio, we may pay a premium over the amount that we would pay for the assets individually. Our board of directors may change these or other aspects of our valuation procedures, which changes may have an adverse effect on our NAV and the price at which the stockholders may sell shares to us under our share redemption program. See Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Net Asset Value Per Share and our valuation procedures attached as Exhibit 4.4 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more details regarding our valuation methodologies, assumptions and procedures. Our NAV per share may suddenly change if the valuations of our properties materially change from prior valuations. Property valuation changes can occur for a variety of reasons, such as local real estate market conditions, market lease assumptions, rotation of different third-party appraisal firms, the financial condition of our customers, or leasing activity. For example, due to 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 rapidly changing market conditions, such as tenant demand and resulting rental rates, the valuation of underlying properties correspondingly may change. Such a valuation drop can be particularly significant when closer to a lease expiration, especially for single customer buildings or where an individual customer occupies a large portion of a building and the determination is made that the customer will not renew, or is expected to renew based on terms that are less favorable than what were previously assumed. We are at the greatest risk of these valuation changes during periods in which we have a large number of lease expirations as well as when the lease of a significant customer is closer to expiration. Similarly, if a customer will have an option in the future to purchase one of our properties from us at a price that is less than the current valuation of the property, then if the value of the property exceeds the option price, the valuation will be expected to decline and begin to approach the purchase price as the date of the option approaches. In addition, actual operating results or observed market transactions could change unexpectedly. For example, if operating expenses suddenly increase or revenues decrease, such change may in turn cause a sudden increase or decrease in the NAV per share amounts. New acquisitions may be valued for purposes of our NAV at less than what we pay for them, which would dilute our NAV, or at more than what we pay for them, which would be accretive to our NAV. Pursuant to our valuation procedures, the acquisition price of a newly acquired property will serve as the basis for the initial monthly appraisal performed by the Independent Valuation Advisor. The price we pay to acquire a property will provide a meaningful data point to the Independent Valuation Advisor in its determination of the initial fair market value of the property; however, the Independent Valuation Advisor may conclude that the price we paid to acquire a property is higher or lower than the current estimate of fair market value of the property, which shall be used for purposes of determining our NAV. This is true whether the acquisition is funded with cash, equity or a combination thereof. Properties that we acquire will not join the cycle for annual appraisals performed by third-party appraisal firms until the following calendar year. When we obtain the first appraisal performed by a third-party appraisal firm on a property, it may not appraise at a value equal to the purchase price or the property value previously determined by the Independent Valuation Advisor, which could negatively affect our NAV. Large portfolio acquisitions, in particular, may require a portfolio premium to be paid by us in order to be a competitive bidder, and this portfolio premium may not be taken into consideration in calculating our NAV. We may make acquisitions (with cash or equity) of any size without stockholder approval, and such acquisitions may be dilutive or accretive to our NAV. In addition, acquisition expenses we incur in connection with new acquisitions will negatively impact our NAV. The NAV per share that we publish may not necessarily reflect changes in our NAV that are not immediately quantifiable. From time to time, we may experience events with respect to our investments that may have a material impact on our NAV. For example, and not by way of limitation, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, environmental legislation, natural disasters, pandemics, terrorism, war, social unrest, civil disturbances and major disturbances in financial markets may cause the value of a property to change materially. Similarly, negotiations, disputes and litigation that involve us and other parties may ultimately have a positive or negative impact on our NAV. The NAV per share of each class of our common stock as published for any given month may not reflect such extraordinary events to the extent that their financial impact is not immediately quantifiable. As a result, the NAV per share that we publish may not necessarily reflect changes in our NAV that are not immediately quantifiable, and the NAV per share of each class published after the announcement of a material event may differ significantly from our actual NAV per share for such class until such time as the financial impact is quantified and our NAV is appropriately adjusted in accordance with our valuation procedures. The resulting potential disparity in our NAV may inure to the benefit of redeeming stockholders or non-redeeming stockholders and new purchasers of our common stock, depending on whether our published NAV per share for such class is overstated or understated. The realizable value of specific properties may change before the value is adjusted by the Independent Valuation Advisor and reflected in the calculation of our NAV. Our valuation procedures generally provide that the Independent Valuation Advisor will adjust a real property s valuation, as necessary, based on known events that have a material impact on the most recent value (adjustments for non-material events may also be made). We are dependent on the Advisor to be reasonably aware of material events specific to our properties (such as lease expirations, customer disputes, damage, litigation and environmental issues, as well as positive events such as new lease agreements) that may cause the value of a property to change materially and to promptly notify the Independent Valuation Advisor so that the information may be reflected in our real property portfolio valuation. Events may transpire that, for a period of time, are unknown to us or the Independent Valuation Advisor that may affect the value of a property, and until such information becomes known and is 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 processed, the value of such asset may differ from the value used to determine our NAV. In addition, although we may have information that suggests a change in value of a property may have occurred, there may be a delay in the resulting change in value being reflected in our NAV until such information is appropriately reviewed, verified and processed. For example, we may receive an unsolicited offer from an unrelated third party to purchase one of our assets at a price that is materially different than the price included in our NAV. Or, we may be aware of a new lease, lease expiry, or a potential contract for capital expenditure. Where possible, adjustments generally are made based on events evidenced by proper final documentation. It is possible that an adjustment to the valuation of a property may occur prior to final documentation if the Independent Valuation Advisor determines that events warrant adjustments to certain assumptions that materially affect value. However, to the extent that an event has not yet become final based on proper documentation, its impact on the value of the applicable property may not be reflected (or may be only partially reflected) in the calculation of our NAV. Our NAV and the NAV of stockholder shares may be diluted in connection with our public offerings and future securities offerings. In connection with our public offerings, we incur fees and expenses, which will decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments. In addition, because the prices of shares sold in our public offerings are based on our NAV, the offering may be dilutive if our NAV procedures do not fully capture the value of our shares and/or we do not utilize the proceeds accretively. In the future we may conduct other offerings of common stock (whether existing or new classes), preferred stock, debt securities or of interests in the Operating Partnership. We may also amend the terms of our public offerings. We may structure or amend such offerings to attract institutional investors or other sources of capital. The costs of our public offering and future offerings may negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and stockholders overall return. Because we generally do not mark to market our property-level mortgages and corporate-level credit facilities that are intended to be held to maturity, or our associated interest rate hedges that are intended to be held to maturity, the realizable value of our company or our assets that are encumbered by debt may be higher or lower than the value used in the calculation of our NAV. In accordance with our valuation procedures, our property-level mortgages and corporate-level credit facilities that are intended to be held to maturity (which for fixed rate debt not subject to interest rate hedges may be the date near maturity at which time the debt will be eligible for prepayment at par for purposes herein), including those subject to interest rates hedges, are valued at par (i.e. at their respective outstanding balances). Because we often utilize interest rate hedges to stabilize interest payments (i.e. to fix all-in interest rates through interest rate swaps or to limit interest rate exposure through interest rate caps) on individual loans, each loan and associated interest rate hedge is treated as one financial instrument, which is valued at par if intended to be held to maturity. This policy of valuing at par applies regardless of whether any given interest rate hedge is considered an asset or liability for GAAP purposes. Notwithstanding, if we acquire an investment and assume associated in-place debt from the seller that is above or below market, then consistent with how we recognize assumed debt for GAAP purposes when acquiring an asset with pre-existing debt in place, the liabilities used in the determination of our NAV will include the market value of such debt; the associated premium or discount on such debt will then be amortized through loan maturity. As a result of this policy, the realizable value of our company or our assets that are encumbered by debt used in the calculation of our NAV may be higher or lower than the value that would be derived if such debt instruments were marked to market. For example, if we decide to sell one or more assets, we may re-classify those assets as held-for-sale, which could then have a positive or negative impact on our calculation of NAV to the extent any associated debt is definitively intended to be prepaid. In some cases, such difference may be significant. We currently estimate the fair value of our debt (inclusive of associated interest rate hedges) that was intended to be held to maturity as of December 31, 2022 was 82.3 million lower than the carrying value used for calculation of our NAV for such debt in aggregate; meaning that if we used the fair value of our debt rather than the carrying value used for calculation of our NAV (and treated the associated hedge as part of the same financial instrument), our NAV would have been higher by approximately 82.3 million, or 0.32 per share, not taking into account all of the other items that impact our monthly NAV, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we classified all of our debt as intended to be held to maturity. Stockholders do not have the benefit of an independent due diligence review in connection with our public offerings which increases the risk of their investment. Because the Advisor and the Dealer Manager are related, investors do not have the benefit of an independent due diligence review and investigation of the type normally performed by an unrelated, independent underwriter in connection with a securities offering. In 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 addition, DLA Piper LLP (US) has acted as counsel to us, the Advisor and the Dealer Manager in connection with our public offerings and, therefore, investors do not have the benefit of a due diligence review that might otherwise be performed by independent counsel. Under applicable legal ethics rules, DLA Piper LLP (US) may be precluded from representing us due to a conflict of interest between us and the Dealer Manager. If any situation arises in which our interests are in conflict with those of the Dealer Manager or its related parties, we would be required to retain additional counsel and may incur additional fees and expenses. The lack of an independent due diligence review and investigation increases the risk of stockholders investment. Our investors may be at a greater risk of loss than the Advisor and members of our management team. We have taken certain actions to increase the stock ownership in our Company by our management team, the Advisor and our directors over the past couple of years, including the implementation of certain stock-based awards. The current level of ownership by management may be less than the management teams of other public real estate companies and, as a result, our investors may be at a greater risk of loss than the Advisor and other members of our management, especially as compared to these other companies in which stock ownership by management and directors may be significantly greater. The availability and timing of cash distributions to stockholders is uncertain. Our board of directors intends to authorize a monthly distribution of a certain dollar amount per share of our common stock using monthly record dates. However, the payment of class-specific fees results in different amounts of distributions being paid with respect to each class of shares. In addition, the expenses incurred in our operations reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Distributions may also be negatively impacted by the failure to deploy our net proceeds on an expeditious basis, the inability to find suitable investments that are not dilutive to our distributions, the poor performance of our investments (including vacancy or decline in rental rates), an increase in expenses for any reason (including expending funds for redemptions) and due to numerous other factors. Any request by the holders of OP Units to redeem some or all of their OP Units for cash may also impact the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors, in its discretion, may retain any portion of such funds for working capital. We cannot assure the stockholders that sufficient cash will be available to make distributions to our stockholders or that the amount of distributions will not either decrease or fail to increase over time. From time to time, we may adjust our distribution level and we may make such an adjustment at any time. We have paid and may continue to pay distributions from sources other than our cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings or offering proceeds, and we have no limits on the amounts we may pay from such sources. Our total distributions declared for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were 87.4 million, 65.3 million, and 57.8 million, respectively, which includes 29.9 million, 23.6 million, and 21.3 million, respectively, of distributions reinvested in our shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. Our cash flow from operations the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 62.5 million, 49.4 million, and 41.1 million, respectively. Accordingly, total distributions were not fully funded by cash flows from operations. In such cases, the shortfalls were funded from proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan or borrowings. In addition, for years in which total distributions were fully funded from our operations, in some cases our distributions were not fully funded from our operations for individual quarters. In such cases, the shortfalls were funded from proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan or borrowings. In the future, we may continue to fund our monthly regular distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations. Our long-term strategy is to strive to fund the payment of regular distributions to our stockholders entirely from our operations, but there may be quarters or even years when that is not the case. It will be up to the board of directors to determine the distribution level taking many factors into consideration beyond just cash flow from operations. If we are unsuccessful in investing the capital we raise from our public offerings or decide to invest our capital in lower yielding assets, we may be required to fund our distributions to our stockholders from a combination of our operating, investing and financing activities, which include net proceeds of our public offerings, dispositions and borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets), or to reduce the level of our distributions. Using certain of these sources may result in a liability to us, which would require a future repayment. The use of these sources for distributions and the ultimate repayment of any liabilities incurred could adversely impact our ability to pay distributions in future periods, decrease the amount of cash we have available for new investments, repayment of debt, share redemptions and other corporate purposes, and potentially reduce stockholders overall return and adversely impact and dilute the value of their investment in shares of our common stock. We may pay distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations, including, without limitation, the sale of assets, borrowings or offering proceeds. Our ability to pay distributions solely from cash flows from operations has been impacted by the expiration of certain large leases in our portfolio, current yield environment for industrial and residential assets and disposition of real properties resulting in lower leverage currently. All distributions result in a 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 decrease to our NAV while cash flow generated from our operations results in an increase to NAV. We generally seek to fund our distributions solely from our cash flow from operations, however we also focus on total stockholder return as a metric for evaluating our distribution level in the event that it is not being fully covered by cash flow from operations. Any cash flow from operations in excess of our distributions results in a net increase to NAV (ignoring other factors). Conversely, if and when our distributions exceed our cash flow from operations, the net effect would be and has been a decrease to NAV (ignoring other factors). We have not established a limit on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources. If we raise substantial offering proceeds in a short period of time, we may not be able to invest all of the net offering proceeds promptly, which may cause our distributions and the long-term returns to our investors to be lower than they otherwise would. We could suffer from delays in locating suitable investments. The more money we raise in our public offerings, the more difficult it will be to invest the net offering proceeds promptly. Therefore, the large size of our public offerings increases the risk of delays in investing our net offering proceeds. Our reliance on the Advisor to locate suitable investments for us at times when the management of the Advisor is simultaneously seeking to locate suitable investments for other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor could also delay the investment of the proceeds of our public offerings. Delays we encounter in the selection, acquisition and development of income-producing properties would likely negatively affect our NAV, limit our ability to pay distributions to the stockholders and reduce their overall returns. The performance component of the advisory fee is calculated on the basis of the overall investment return provided to holders of Fund Interests over a calendar year, so it may not be consistent with the return on stockholders shares. The performance component of the advisory fee is calculated on the basis of the overall investment return provided to holders of Fund Interests (as defined below) (i.e., our outstanding shares and OP Units held by third parties) in any calendar year such that the Advisor will receive the lesser of (1) 12.5 of (a) the annual total return amount less (b) any loss carryforward, and (2) the amount equal to (x) the annual total return amount, less (y) any loss carryforward, less (z) the amount needed to achieve an annual total return amount equal to 5 of the NAV per Fund Interest at the beginning of such year (the Hurdle Amount ). The foregoing calculations are calculated on a per Fund Interest basis and multiplied by the weighted-average Fund Interests outstanding during the year. The annual total return amount referred to above means all distributions paid or accrued per Fund Interest plus any change in NAV per Fund Interest since the end of the prior calendar year, adjusted to exclude the negative impact on annual total return resulting from our payment or obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the performance component of the advisory fee as well as ongoing distribution fees (i.e., our ongoing class-specific fees). The loss carryforward referred to above will track any negative annual total return amounts from prior years and offset the positive annual total return amount for purposes of the calculation of the performance component of the advisory fee. The loss carryforward is zero as of December 31, 2022. Therefore, payment of the performance component of the advisory fee (1) is contingent upon the annual total return to the holders of Fund Interests exceeding the 5 return, (2) will vary in amount based on our actual performance and (3) cannot, in and of itself, cause the overall return to the holders of Fund Interests for the year to be reduced below 5 . In addition, if the Advisor earns a performance component of the advisory fee, it will not be obligated to return any portion of advisory fees paid based on our subsequent performance. Additionally, the Advisor will provide us with a waiver of a portion of its fees generally equal to the amount of the performance component that would have been payable with respect to the Class E shares and the Series 1 Class E OP Units held by third parties until the NAV of such shares or units exceeds 10.00 per share or unit, the benefit of which will be shared among all holders of Fund Interests. As a result, the performance component is not directly tied to the performance of the shares that stockholders purchase, the class of shares purchased, or the time period during which the stockholders own their shares. The performance component may be payable to the Advisor even if the NAV of the stockholders shares at the end of the calendar year is below their purchase price, and the thresholds at which increases in NAV count towards the overall return to the holders of Fund Interests are not based on the stockholders purchase price. Because of the class-specific allocations of the ongoing distribution fee, which differ among classes, we do not expect the overall return of each class of Fund Interests to ever be the same. However, if and when the performance component of the advisory fee is payable, the expense will be allocated among all holders of Fund Interests ratably according to the NAV of their units or shares, regardless of the different returns achieved by different classes of Fund Interests during the year. Further, stockholders who redeem their shares during a given year may redeem their shares at a lower NAV per share as a result of an accrual for the estimated performance component of the advisory fee, even if no performance component is ultimately payable to the Advisor at the end of such calendar year. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Payment of fees and expenses to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager reduces the cash available for distribution and increases the risk that the stockholders will not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our shares. The Advisor and the Dealer Manager perform services for us, including, among other things, the selection and acquisition of our investments, the management of our assets, the disposition of our assets, the financing of our assets and certain administrative services. We pay the Advisor and the Dealer Manager fees and expense reimbursements for these services, which will reduce the amount of cash available for further investments or distribution to our stockholders. We are required to pay substantial compensation to the Advisor and its affiliates, which may be increased or decreased during our public offerings or future public offerings by a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors. Pursuant to our agreements with the Advisor and its affiliates, we are obligated to pay substantial compensation to the Advisor and its affiliates. Subject to limitations in our charter, the fees, compensation, income, expense reimbursements, interests and other payments that we are required to pay to the Advisor and its affiliates may increase or decrease during our public offerings or future offerings if such change is approved by a majority of our board of directors, including a majority of the independent directors. These types of payments to the Advisor and its affiliates will decrease the amount of cash we have available for operations and new investments and could negatively impact our NAV, our ability to pay distributions and the stockholders overall return. We are dependent upon the Advisor and its affiliates to conduct our operations and our public offerings; thus, adverse changes in their financial health or our relationship with them could cause our operations to suffer. We are dependent upon the Advisor and its affiliates to conduct our operations and our public offerings. Thus, adverse changes to our relationship with, or the financial health of, the Advisor and its affiliates, including changes arising from litigation, could hinder their ability to successfully manage our operations and our portfolio of investments. If we were to internalize our management or if another investment program, whether sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor or otherwise, conducts its own internalization transaction, we could incur significant costs and/or our business could be harmed. At some point in the future, we may consider internalizing the functions performed for us by the Advisor, although we do not currently intend to do so. Any internalization transaction could result in significant payments to the owners of the Advisor, including in the form of our stock which could reduce the percentage ownership of our then existing stockholders and concentrate ownership in the owner of the Advisor. In addition, we rely on persons employed by the Advisor or its affiliates to manage our day-to-day operating and acquisition activities. If we were to effectuate an internalization of the Advisor, we may not be able to retain all of the employees of the Advisor or its affiliates or to maintain relationships with other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor. In addition, some of the employees of the Advisor or its affiliates may provide services to one or more other investment programs. These programs or third parties may decide to retain some or all of the key employees in the future. If this occurs, these programs could hire certain of the persons currently employed by the Advisor or its affiliates who are most familiar with our business and operations, thereby potentially adversely impacting our business. We have broad authority to incur debt, and high debt levels could hinder our ability to make distributions and could decrease the value of the stockholders investment in shares of our common stock. Under our charter, we have a limitation on borrowing which precludes us from borrowing in excess of 300 of the value of our net assets, provided that we may exceed this limit if a higher level of borrowing is approved by a majority of our independent directors. High debt levels would cause us to incur higher interest charges, would result in higher debt service payments, could be accompanied by restrictive covenants and would generally make us more subject to the risks associated with leverage. These factors could limit the amount of cash we have available to distribute and could result in a decline in our NAV and in the value of the stockholders investment in shares of our common stock. We are dependent on our customers for revenue, and our inability to lease our properties or to collect rent from our customers would adversely affect our results of operations, NAV and returns to our stockholders. Our revenues from our property investments are dependent on our ability to lease our properties and the creditworthiness of our customers and would be adversely affected by the loss of or default by one or more significant lessees. Furthermore, certain of our 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 assets may utilize leases with payments directly related to customer sales, where some or all of the amount of rent that we charge a customer is calculated as a percentage of such customer s revenues over a fixed period of time, and a reduction in sales can reduce the amount of the lease payments required to be made to us by customers leasing space in such assets. Much of our customer base is comprised of non-rated and non-investment grade customers. The success of our properties depends on the financial stability of such customers. The financial results of our customers can depend on several factors, including but not limited to the general business environment, interest rates, inflation, the availability of credit, taxation and overall consumer confidence. In addition, our ability to increase our revenues and operating income partially depends on steady growth of demand for the products and services offered by the customers located in the assets that we own and manage. A drop in demand, as a result of a slowdown in the U.S. and global economy or otherwise, could result in a reduction in performance of our customers and consequently, adversely affect our results of operations, NAV and returns to our stockholders. If indicators of impairment exist in any of our properties, for example, we experience negative operating trends such as prolonged vacancies or operating losses, we may not recover some or all of our investment. Lease payment defaults by customers could impact operating results, causing us to lower our NAV, reduce the amount of distributions to our stockholders, or could force us to find an alternative source of funding to pay any mortgage loan interest or principal, taxes, or other obligations relating to the property. In the event of a customer default, we may also experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing our property. If a lease is terminated, the value of the property may be immediately and negatively affected and we may be unable to lease the property for the rent previously received or at all or sell the property without incurring a loss. Some of our properties may be leased to a single or significant customer and, accordingly, may be suited to the particular or unique needs of such customer. We may have difficulty replacing such a customer if the floor plan of the vacant space limits the types of businesses that can use the space without major renovation. In addition, the resale value of the property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property will depend principally upon the value of the leases of such property. As of December 31, 2022, our top five customers represented 10.6 of our total annualized base rent of our portfolio, our top ten customers represented 15.8 of our total annualized base rent of our portfolio and there were no customers that individually represented more than 5.0 of our total annualized base rent of our portfolio. Our results of operations are currently substantially dependent on our top customers, and any downturn in their business could have a material adverse effect on operations. In addition, certain of our properties are occupied by a single customer, and as a result, the success of those properties depends on the financial stability of that customer. Adverse impacts to such customers, businesses or operators, including as a result of changes in market or economic conditions, natural disasters, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, political events or other factors that may impact the operation of these properties, may have negative effects on our business and financial results. As a result, some of our customers have been, and may in the future be, required to suspend operations at our properties for what could be an extended period of time. Further, if such customers default under their leases, we may not be able to promptly enter into a new lease or operating arrangement for such properties, rental rates or other terms under any new leases or operating arrangement may be less favorable than the terms of the current lease or operating arrangement or we may be required to make capital improvements to such properties for a new customer, any of which could adversely impact our operating results. We are active portfolio managers and will incur transaction and transition costs each time that we acquire or dispose of an asset. We believe that the real estate market is cyclical, with different demand for property types at different times. Although we do not invest for the short term, we are active portfolio managers and we will seek to take advantage of opportunities to acquire or dispose of assets presented to us by the real estate markets. Each time that we acquire or dispose of an asset, we incur associated transaction costs which may include, but are not limited to, broker fees, attorney fees, regulatory filings and taxes. In addition, each time that we sell an income-generating asset, our operating results will be negatively impacted unless and until we are able to reinvest the proceeds in an investment with an equal or greater yield, which we may be unable to do. Accordingly, in order for us to provide positive returns to our stockholders from active portfolio management, the benefits of active management must outweigh the associated transaction and transition costs. We may be unable to achieve this. These factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 In order to maintain what we deem to be sufficient liquidity for our redemption program it may cause us to keep more of our assets in securities, cash, cash equivalents and other short-term investments than we would otherwise like which would affect returns. In order to provide liquidity for share redemptions, we intend to, subject to any limitations and requirements relating to our intention to qualify as a REIT, maintain a number of sources of liquidity including (i) cash equivalents (e.g. money market funds), other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities and liquid real estate-related securities and (ii) one or more borrowing facilities. We may fund redemptions from any available source of funds, including operating cash flows, borrowings, proceeds from our public offerings and/or sales of our assets. This could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Our board of directors also adopted a delegation of authority policy and, pursuant to such policy, has delegated the authority for certain actions to the AREIT Advisors Committee, which is not a committee of our board of directors, but rather is the Advisor s investment and management committee for our company and consists of certain of our officers and officers of the Advisor. Our board of directors has delegated to the AREIT Advisors Committee certain responsibilities with respect to certain acquisition, disposition, leasing, capital expenditure and borrowing decisions, which may result in our making riskier investments and which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and cash flows. Our board of directors has delegated to the AREIT Advisors Committee the authority to execute certain transactions and make certain decisions on our behalf. The AREIT Advisors Committee has the authority to approve certain transactions, including acquisitions, dispositions and leases, as well as to make decisions with respect to capital expenditures and borrowings, in each case so long as such investments and decisions meet certain board-approved parameters (that include limitations regarding the dollar amount of the transactions, among others) and are consistent with the requirements of our charter. There can be no assurance that the AREIT Advisors Committee will be successful in applying any strategy or discretionary approach to our investment activities pursuant to this delegation of authority. Our board of directors will review the investment decisions made pursuant to this delegation of authority periodically. The prior approval of our board of directors or a committee of our independent directors will be required as set forth in our charter (including for transactions with affiliates of the Advisor) or for transactions or decisions that are outside of the board-approved parameters placed on this delegation of authority. Transactions entered into and decisions made by the AREIT Advisors Committee on our behalf may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind if our board of directors later reviews them and determines that they should not have been entered into or made. RISKS RELATED TO CONFLICTS OF INTEREST The Advisor faces a conflict of interest because the fees it receives for services performed are based on our NAV, the procedures for which the Advisor will assist our board of directors in developing, overseeing, implementing and coordinating. The Advisor assists our board of directors in developing, overseeing, implementing and coordinating our NAV procedures. It assists our Independent Valuation Advisor in valuing our real property portfolio by providing the firm with property-level information, including (i) historical and projected operating revenues and expenses of the property; (ii) lease agreements on the property; and (iii) revenues and expenses of the property. Our Independent Valuation Advisor assumes and relies upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information, and does not undertake any duty or responsibility to verify independently any of such information and relies upon us and the Advisor to advise if any material information previously provided becomes inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period of its review. In addition, the Advisor may be the approved pricing source for certain assets and liabilities, and its discretion with respect to the valuations of such assets and liabilities could affect our NAV. Because the Advisor is paid fees for its services based on our NAV, the Advisor could be motivated to influence our NAV and NAV procedures such that they result in an NAV exceeding realizable value, due to the impact of higher valuations on the compensation to be received by the Advisor. If our NAV is calculated in a way that is not reflective of our actual NAV, then the purchase price of shares of our common stock on a given date may not accurately reflect the value of our portfolio, and the stockholders shares may be worth less than the purchase price. The Advisor s fee may not create proper incentives or may induce the Advisor and its affiliates to make certain investments, including speculative investments, that increase the risk of our real property portfolio. The advisory fee we pay the Advisor is made up of a fixed component and a performance component. We will pay the Advisor the fixed component regardless of the performance of our portfolio. The Advisor s entitlement to the fixed component, which is not based upon performance metrics or goals, might reduce the Advisor s incentive to devote its time and effort to seeking investments that 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 provide attractive risk-adjusted returns for our portfolio. We will be required to pay the Advisor the fixed component in a particular period despite experiencing a net loss or a decline in the value of our portfolio during that period. The performance component, which is based on our total distributions plus the change in NAV per share, may create an incentive for the Advisor to make riskier or more speculative investments on our behalf than it would otherwise make in the absence of such performance-based compensation. The Advisor s management personnel face conflicts of interest relating to time management and there can be no assurance that the Advisor s management personnel will devote adequate time to our business activities or that the Advisor will be able to hire adequate additional employees. All of the Advisor s management personnel, other employees, affiliates and related parties may also provide services to other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor. We are not able to estimate the amount of time that such management personnel will devote to our business. As a result, certain of the Advisor s management personnel may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time between our business and their other activities which may include advising and managing various other real estate programs and ventures, which may be numerous and may change as programs are closed or new programs are formed. During times of significant activity in other programs and ventures, the time they devote to our business may decline and be less than we would require. There can be no assurance that the Advisor s affiliates will devote adequate time to our business activities or that the Advisor will be able to hire adequate additional employees to perform the tasks currently being performed by the Advisor s affiliates should the amount of time devoted to our business activities by such affiliates prove to be insufficient. Should the Advisor fail to allocate sufficient resources to perform its responsibilities to us for any reason we may be unable to achieve our investment objectives or pay distributions to our stockholders. The Advisor and its affiliates, including our officers and two of our directors, face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor, which could result in actions that are not in our stockholders best interests. Some of our executive officers, two of our directors and other key personnel are also officers, directors, managers, and/or key personnel in the Advisor, the Dealer Manager and/or other entities related to the Sponsor. The Advisor and its affiliates receive substantial fees from us in return for their services and these fees could influence their advice to us. Among other matters, the compensation arrangements could affect their judgment with respect to: the continuation, renewal or enforcement of our agreements with the Advisor and its affiliates, including the Advisory Agreement and the agreement with the Dealer Manager; recommendations to our board of directors with respect to developing, overseeing, implementing and coordinating our NAV procedures, or the decision to adjust the value of certain of our assets or liabilities if the Advisor is responsible for valuing them; public offerings of equity by us, which may result in increased fees for the Advisor and other related parties; competition for customers from entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor that own properties in the same geographic area as us; and investments through joint ventures or other co-ownership arrangements, which may result in increased fees for the Advisor. 
 We will be responsible for certain fees and expenses, including due diligence costs, as determined by the Advisor, including legal, accounting and financial advisor fees and related costs, incurred in connection with evaluating and consummating investment opportunities, regardless of whether such transactions are ultimately consummated by the parties thereto. In addition, we reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for the salaries and other compensation of its personnel in accordance with the Advisory Agreement based on the percentage of such personnel s time spent on our affairs. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, we reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates for personnel (and related employment) costs and overhead (including, but not limited to, allocated rent paid, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment, and other costs) incurred by the Advisor or its affiliates in performing the services under the Advisory Agreement, including, but not limited to, total compensation, benefits and other overhead of all employees involved in the performance of such services; provided, that we will not reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for services for which the Advisor or its affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form of a separate fee, or for 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 compensation of the Company s named executive officers, unless the named executive officer provides services related to shareholder operations. Considerations relating to compensation to the Advisor and its affiliates from us and other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor could result in decisions that are not in our stockholders best interests, which could hurt our ability to pay our stockholders distributions or result in a decline in the value of our stockholders investment. Conflicts of interest such as those described above have contributed to stockholder litigation against certain other externally managed REITs that are not affiliated with our Advisor or the Sponsor. When considering whether to recommend investments through a joint venture or other co-ownership arrangement, the fee arrangements between the Advisor and the proposed joint venture partner may incentivize the Advisor to recommend investing a greater proportion of our resources in joint venture investments than may be in our stockholders best interests. When we invest in assets through joint ventures or other co-ownership arrangements, the Advisor may, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, through us or our subsidiaries), receive fees from our joint venture partners and co-owners of our properties for the services the Advisor provides to them with respect to their proportionate interests. Fees received from joint venture entities or partners and paid, directly or indirectly (including without limitation, through us or our subsidiaries), to the Advisor may be more or less than similar fees that we pay to the Advisor pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. Because the Advisor may receive fees from our joint venture partners and co-owners in connection with our joint venture or other co-ownership arrangements, the Advisor may be incentivized to recommend a higher level of investment through joint ventures than may otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. The time and resources that entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor devote to us may be diverted and we may face additional competition due to the fact that these entities are not prohibited from raising money for another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target. Entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor are not prohibited from raising money for another investment entity that makes the same types of investments as those we target. As a result, the time and resources they could devote to us may be diverted. For example, the Dealer Manager is currently involved in other public offerings for other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor. In addition, we may compete with any such investment entity for the same investors and investment opportunities. We may also co-invest with any such investment entity. Even though all such co-investments will be subject to approval by our independent directors, they could be on terms not as favorable to us as those we could achieve co-investing with an unrelated third party. We may enter into joint ventures, co-investment or other arrangements with affiliates of the Sponsor or entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor to acquire, develop and/or manage property, debt and other investments; such investments may raise potential conflicts of interest between us and such other investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates. While our joint venture partners and co-owners have generally been third parties, we have and may in the future enter into joint ventures, co-investment or other arrangements with affiliates of the Sponsor or entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor to acquire, develop and/or manage property, debt and other investments. Such investments may raise potential conflicts of interest between us and such other investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates, including determining which of such entities should enter into any particular joint venture, co-investment or other arrangement agreement. Joint venture, co-investment or other arrangement partners affiliated with the Advisor or sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor may have economic or business interests or goals which are or that may become inconsistent with our business interests or goals. In addition, should any such joint venture, co-investment or other arrangement be consummated, the Advisor and its affiliates may face a conflict in structuring the terms of the relationship between the interests and the interests of other parties, in managing the joint venture, co-investment or other arrangement, and in resolving any conflicts or exercising any rights in connection with the joint venture, co-investment or other arrangement. Since the Advisor will make various decisions on our behalf, agreements and transactions between us and the Advisor s affiliates or entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor will not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. Furthermore, when such other investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates have interests or requirements that do not align with our interests, including differing liquidity needs or desired investment horizons, conflicts may arise in the manner in which any voting or control rights are exercised with respect to the relevant investment, potentially resulting in an adverse impact on us. We may enter into joint ventures with affiliates of the Sponsor or entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor for the acquisition of investments, but only if (i) a majority of the directors not otherwise 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 interested in the transaction, including a majority of the independent directors, approve the transaction as being fair and reasonable to us and (ii) the investment by us and such affiliate are on terms and conditions that are no less favorable than those that would be available to unaffiliated parties. With respect to any joint venture, we may enter into an advisory or sub-advisory agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor. We may also enter into arrangements with the Advisor in which the Advisor receives fees (directly or indirectly, including through a subsidiary of ours) from the joint venture entity or from the joint venture partner. Fees received from joint venture entities or partners and paid, directly or indirectly (including without limitation, through us or the subsidiaries), to the Advisor may be more or less than similar fees that we pay to the Advisor pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. In addition, the Advisor may, with respect to any investment in which we are a participant, also render advice and service to others in that investment, and earn fees for rendering such advice and service. Specifically, it is contemplated that we may enter into joint venture or other similar co-investment arrangements with certain individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, joint ventures, limited liability companies or other entities, with respect to which the Advisor or one of its affiliates may be engaged to provide advice and service to such individuals, corporations, partnerships, trusts, joint ventures, limited liability companies or other entities. The Advisor or its affiliate will earn fees for rendering such advice and service pursuant to the agreements governing such joint ventures or arrangements. We may also enter into product specialist arrangements with third parties or affiliates or the Advisor with respect to certain asset types. Such services may include, without limitation, property identification, acquisition, management, development, oversight, construction management and disposition services. Such product specialists may provide similar services with respect to similar asset types to affiliates of the Sponsor or other entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor. The fees and expense reimbursements we may pay to such product specialists will be in addition to fees and expenses reimbursements we pay to our Advisor and will not reduce the advisory fees we pay to the Advisor. Any such arrangements with respect to product specialists affiliated with the Advisor will be approved by our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, and will be at market rates or reimbursement of costs incurred by the affiliate in providing the services. The fees we pay to entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor in connection with our public offerings of securities and in connection with the management of our investments were not determined on an arm s-length basis, and therefore, we do not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. The Advisor, the Dealer Manager and other of the Advisor s affiliates have earned and will continue to earn fees, commissions and expense reimbursements from us. The fees, commissions and expense reimbursements paid and to be paid to the Advisor, the Dealer Manager and other of the Advisor s affiliates for services they provided us in connection with past offerings and in connection with our current public offering were not determined on an arm s-length basis. As a result, the fees have been determined without the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. We compete with entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor, for whom affiliates of the Sponsor provide certain advisory or management services, for opportunities to acquire, lease, finance, or sell investments, and for customers, which may have an adverse impact on our operations. We compete with entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor and may compete with any such entity created in the future, as well as entities for whom affiliates of the Sponsor provide certain advisory or management services, for opportunities to acquire, lease, finance or sell certain types of properties. We may also buy, lease, finance or sell properties at the same time as these entities are buying, leasing, financing or selling properties. In this regard, there is a risk that we will purchase or lend on a property that provides lower returns to us than a property purchased or lent on by entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor and entities for whom affiliates of the Sponsor provide certain advisory or management services. Certain entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor own and/or manage properties in geographical areas in which we expect to own properties. Therefore, our properties may compete for customers with other properties owned and/or managed by these entities. The Advisor may face conflicts of interest when evaluating customer leasing opportunities for our properties and other properties owned and/or managed by these entities and these conflicts of interest may have a negative impact on our ability to attract and retain customers. The Sponsor and the Advisor have implemented lease allocation guidelines to assist with the process of the allocation of leases when we and certain other entities to which affiliates of the Advisor are providing certain advisory services have potentially competing properties with respect to a particular customer. These guidelines are designed to allow, where possible, each fund with a potentially competing property to bid on a lease with a prospective customer in a fair and equitable manner. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Because affiliates of the Sponsor and the Advisor currently sponsor and advise, and in the future may sponsor and advise, other investment vehicles and clients (each, an Advisory Client with overlapping investment objectives, strategies and criteria, potential conflicts of interest may arise with respect to real estate investment opportunities. In order to manage this potential conflict of interest, in allocating opportunities among the Advisory Clients, the Sponsor follows an allocation policy (the Allocation Policy which endeavors to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner. The Sponsor s Allocation Policy, which may be amended without consent, is intended to enable us to share equitably with any other Advisory Clients that are managed by the Sponsor and the Advisor and competing with us to acquire similar types of assets. Under the Allocation Policy, real estate investments will be considered for Advisory Clients based on appropriateness and conformity with their respective investment objectives, as well as the suitability of the investment for each Advisory Client. Suitability is determined by a variety of factors related to the investment mandates of each Advisory Client, the nature of the investment opportunity and the composition of each client s portfolio. In the circumstance where an investment is suitable for only one Advisory Client based on such factors, the investment will be allocated to that Advisory Client. Where an investment is suitable for more than one Advisory Client, the Sponsor generally employs an allocation rotation process pursuant to the Allocation Policy that is designed to facilitate an equitable allocation of such opportunities over time. Nevertheless, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by Advisory Clients managed by affiliates of the Sponsor and the Advisor. In addition, the Sponsor may from time to time limit the number of positions in a rotation and/or grant to certain Advisory Clients certain exclusivity, rotation or other priority (each, a Rotational Priority with respect to industrial investments or other investment opportunities. This means that, depending on the number of Advisory Clients and number of positions in each such rotation and/or the Rotational Priorities that have been granted, we may be offered fewer investment opportunities. The Sponsor or its affiliates may grant additional Rotational Priorities in the future and from time to time. The Sponsor may modify its overall allocation policies from time to time. Any changes to the Sponsor s allocation policies will be timely reported to our board of directors or our Conflicts Resolution Committee. The Advisor will be required to provide information to our board of directors on a quarterly basis to enable our board of directors, including the independent directors, to determine whether such policies are being fairly applied. The Advisor may manage other investment vehicles (including public, non-listed REITs) that have investment objectives that compete or overlap with, and may from time to time invest in, our target asset classes. Affiliates of the Advisor may manage other investment vehicles (including public, non-listed REITs) that have investment objectives that compete or overlap with, and may from time to time invest in, our target asset classes. This may apply to existing investment vehicles or investment vehicles that may be organized, or with respect to which affiliates of the Advisor may acquire and assume the role of management in the future. Consequently, we, on the one hand, and these other investment vehicles, on the other hand, may from time to time pursue the same or similar investment opportunities. To the extent such existing vehicles or other future investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates seek to acquire the same target assets as our Company, the scope of opportunities otherwise available to us may be adversely affected and/or reduced. The Advisor or its affiliates may also give advice to investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates that may differ from the advice given to us even though their investment objectives may be the same or similar to ours. We may invest in, acquire, sell assets to or provide financing to investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates. We may invest in, acquire, sell assets to or provide financing to investment vehicles managed by the Advisor or its affiliates and their portfolio companies or purchase assets from, sell assets to, or arrange financing from any such investment vehicles and their portfolio companies. Any such transactions will require approval by a majority of our independent directors. There can be no assurance that any procedural protections will be sufficient to ensure that these transactions will be made on terms that will be at least as favorable to us as those that would have been obtained in an arm s-length transaction. The Advisor is subject to extensive regulation as an investment adviser, which could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. The Advisor is subject to regulation as an investment adviser by various regulatory authorities that are charged with protecting the interests of its clients, including us. Instances of criminal activity and fraud by participants in the investment management industry and disclosures of trading and other abuses by participants in the financial services industry have led the United States government and regulators to increase the rules and regulations governing, and oversight of, the United States financial system. This activity resulted in changes to the laws and regulations governing the investment management industry and more aggressive enforcement of the existing laws and regulations. The Advisor could be subject to civil liability, criminal liability, or sanction, including revocation of its 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 registration as an investment adviser, revocation of the licenses of its employees, censures, fines, or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business, if it is found to have violated any of these laws or regulations. Any such liability or sanction could adversely affect the Advisor s ability to manage our business. The Advisor must continually address conflicts between its interests and those of its clients, including us. In addition, the Commission and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. The Advisor has procedures and controls that are reasonably designed to address these issues. However, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and if the Advisor fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest, it could face litigation or regulatory proceedings or penalties, any of which could adversely affect its ability to manage our business. We have purchased and may in the future purchase assets from third parties who have existing or previous business relationships with affiliates or other related entities of the Sponsor; as a result, in any such transaction, we may not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. We have purchased and may in the future purchase assets from third parties that have existing or previous business relationships with affiliates of the Sponsor. Affiliates of the Sponsor who also perform or have performed services for such third parties may have had or have a conflict in representing our interests in these transactions on the one hand and in preserving or furthering their respective relationships with such third parties on the other hand. In any such transaction, we will not have the benefit of arm s-length negotiations of the type normally conducted between unrelated parties. RISKS RELATED TO ADVERSE CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC CONDITIONS Uncertainty and volatility in the credit markets could affect our ability to obtain debt financing on reasonable terms, or at all, which could reduce the number of properties we may be able to acquire and the amount of cash distributions we can make to our stockholders. The U.S. and global credit markets have in the past experienced severe dislocations and liquidity disruptions, which caused volatility in the credit spreads on prospective debt financings and constrained the availability of debt financing due to the reluctance of lenders to offer financing at high leverage ratios. Similar conditions in the future could adversely impact our ability to access additional debt financing on reasonable terms or at all, which may adversely affect investment returns on future acquisitions or our ability to make acquisitions. If mortgage debt or unsecured debt is unavailable on reasonable terms as a result of increased interest rates, increased credit spreads, decreased liquidity or other factors, we may not be able to finance the initial purchase of properties. In addition, when we incur mortgage debt or unsecured debt, we run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt upon maturity, or of being unable to refinance on favorable terms. If interest rates are higher or other financing terms, such as principal amortization, the need for a corporate guaranty, or other terms are not as favorable when we refinance debt or issue new debt, our income could be reduced. To the extent we are unable to refinance debt on reasonable terms, at appropriate times or at all, we may be required to sell properties on terms that are not advantageous to us, or that could result in the foreclosure of such properties. If any of these events occur, our cash flow could be reduced. This, in turn, could reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders and may hinder our ability to raise more capital by issuing securities or borrowing more money. Economic events that may cause our stockholders to request that we redeem their shares may materially adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Future economic events affecting the U.S. economy generally, or the real estate sector specifically, could cause our stockholders to seek to sell their shares to us pursuant to our share redemption program or holders of OP units to seek to redeem their OP Units. The redemptions of Class E, Class T, Class S, Class D, and Class I shares are subject to the 2 and 5 limits (as described above) (subject to potential carry-over capacity). Even if we are able to satisfy all resulting redemption requests, our cash flow could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if we determine to sell valuable assets to satisfy redemption requests, our ability to achieve our investment objectives, including, without limitation, diversification of our portfolio by property type and location, moderate financial leverage, conservative operating risk and an attractive level of current income, could be materially adversely affected. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Inflation, rising interest rates or deflation may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the United States government and its agencies, including the policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Changes in fiscal and monetary policies are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. In an effort to combat rising inflation levels, the Federal Reserve steadily began increasing the target federal funds rate in the first quarter of 2022, in seven consecutive rate hikes, including, four straight three-quarter point increases, and announced that it would continue to do so in 2023. Changes in the federal funds rate as well as the other policies of the Federal Reserve affect interest rates, which may have a significant impact on our financial condition. The Federal Reserve s action, coupled with other macroeconomic factors, may trigger a recession in the United States, globally, or both. Increased inflation and interest rates could have an adverse impact on our floating rate mortgages, our ability to borrow money, and general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our rental and other revenue. Increases in the costs of owning and operating our properties due to inflation could reduce our net operating income and our NAV to the extent such increases are not reimbursed or paid by our customers. If we are materially impacted by increasing inflation because, for example, inflationary increases in costs are not sufficiently offset by the contractual rent increases and operating expense reimbursement provisions or escalations in the leases with our customers, we may implement measures to conserve cash or preserve liquidity. Such measures could include deferring investments, reducing or suspending the number of shares redeemed under our share redemption program and reducing or suspending distributions we make to our stockholders, which may adversely and materially affect our net operating income and NAV. Because our residential portfolio assets typically have lease terms of one year or less and do not have pass through expenses, these adverse impacts may be heightened for our residential properties if we are unable to increase rent and/or maintain occupancy. In addition, due to rising interest rates, we may experience restrictions in our liquidity based on certain financial covenant requirements as well as our inability to refinance maturing debt in part or in full as it comes due depending on rates at such time and experience higher debt service costs and reduced yields relative to cost of debt. If we are unable to find alternative credit arrangements or other funding in a high interest environment, our business needs may not be adequately met. In addition, customers and potential customers of our properties may be adversely impacted by inflation and rising interest rates, which could negatively impact our customers ability to pay rent and demand for our properties. Such adverse impacts on our customers may cause increased vacancies, which may add pressure to lower rents and increase our expenditures for re-leasing. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending which could impact our customers operations and, in turn, demand for our properties. Conversely, deflation could lead to downward pressure on rents and other sources of income. The failure of any banking institution in which we deposit our funds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Currently, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC generally, only insures amounts up to 250,000 per depositor per insured bank. A small proportion of our cash and cash equivalents, primarily those used to fund property-level working capital needs, are currently held in FDIC-insured bank accounts. To the extent that we have deposited funds with banking institutions, then if any of such institutions ultimately fail, we would lose the amount of our deposits over the then current FDIC insurance limit. The loss of our deposits could reduce the amount of cash we have available to distribute or invest and would likely result in a decline in the value of the stockholders investments. We intend to disclose funds from operations FFO and adjusted funds from operations AFFO ), each a non-GAAP financial measure, in future communications with investors, including documents filed with the SEC. However, FFO and AFFO are not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined under GAAP, and do not represent a complete measure of our financial position and results of operations. We use, and we disclose to investors, FFO and AFFO, which are considered non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of FFO and AFFO, including definitions, reconciliation to GAAP net income (loss), and the inherent limitations of FFO and AFFO, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. FFO and AFFO are not equivalent to our net income or loss as determined in accordance with GAAP. FFO and GAAP net income differ because FFO excludes gains or losses from sales of property and impairment of depreciable real estate, and adds back real estate-related depreciation and amortization. AFFO further adjusts FFO by removing the impact of (i) performance-based incentive fee (income) expense, (ii) unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of financial instruments, and (iii) financing obligation liability appreciation (depreciation). 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 No single measure can provide investors with sufficient information and investors should consider all of our disclosures as a whole in order to adequately understand our financial position, liquidity and results of operations. Because of the differences between FFO, AFFO and GAAP net income or loss, FFO and AFFO may not be accurate indicators of our operating performance, especially during periods in which we are acquiring properties. In addition, FFO and AFFO are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and investors should not consider FFO and AFFO as alternatives to cash flows from operations or as indications of our liquidity, or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Neither the SEC nor any other regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments that we use to calculate FFO and AFFO. Also, because not all companies calculate FFO and AFFO the same way, comparisons with other companies may not be meaningful. Our business is dependent on bank relationships and recent strain on the banking system may adversely impact us. The financial markets recently have encountered volatility associated with concerns about the balance sheets of banks, especially small and regional banks who may have significant losses associated with investments that make it difficult to fund demands to withdraw deposits and other liquidity needs. Although the federal government has announced measures to assist these banks and protect depositors, some banks have already failed and others may be materially and adversely impacted. Our business is dependent on bank relationships and continued strain on the banking system may adversely impact our operations and the economy more broadly, and in turn our cash flow, distributions and NAV. RISKS RELATED TO OUR GENERAL BUSINESS OPERATIONS AND OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE A global economic slowdown, a recession or declines in real estate values could impair our investments and have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Geopolitical instability, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, actual and potential shifts in U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies, and rising trade tensions between the United States and China, as well as other global events have significantly increased macroeconomic uncertainty at a global level. The current macroeconomic environment is characterized by record-high inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing recession risk. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among other factors. There is no assurance that market disruptions, including the increased cost of funding for certain governments and financial institutions, will not impact the global economy. The risks associated with our business are more severe during periods of economic slowdown or recession and if these periods are accompanied by declining real estate values, our business can be materially adversely affected. We believe the risks associated with our business are more severe during periods of economic downturn if these periods are accompanied by declining values in real estate. For example, a prolonged economic downturn could negatively impact our property investments as a result of increased customer delinquencies and/or defaults under our leases, generally lower demand for rentable space, potential oversupply of rentable space leading to increased concessions, and/or tenant improvement expenditures, or reduced rental rates to maintain occupancies. Our operations could be negatively affected to a greater extent if an economic downturn occurs, is prolonged or becomes more severe, which could significantly harm our revenues, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, business prospects and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Moreover, concerns over the United States debt ceiling and budget-deficit have increased the possibility of downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government s credit rating, which could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise further, negatively impacting both the perception of credit risk associated with our debt portfolio and our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. Market conditions may also make it difficult for us to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or to access or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics or epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 global pandemic, the evolution of which continues to be uncertain. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, its ultimate impact on our business is subject to change. A severe outbreak of COVID-19 or another pandemic can disrupt our business and adversely 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 materially impact our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. The extent of the impact from COVID-19 on the commercial real estate sector has varied dramatically across real estate property types and markets, with certain property segments such as hospitality, gaming, shopping malls, senior housing, and student living being impacted particularly hard last year. While not immune to the effects of COVID-19, we did not incur significant disruptions during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021 from the COVID-19 pandemic, however, any resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic or other epidemics may negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and cash flows. We are highly dependent on the information systems of Ares Management Corporation Ares and system failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our operating results and our ability to pay distributions. Our business is highly dependent on communications and information systems of Ares. Any failure or interruption of Ares systems could cause delays or other problems in our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, civilian unrest, military conflict or war may affect the markets in which we operate, our operations and our profitability. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence, civilian unrest, military conflict or war may negatively affect our operations and your investment. We may acquire real estate assets located in areas that are susceptible to attack. In addition, any kind of terrorist activity or violent criminal acts, including terrorist acts against public institutions or buildings or modes of public transportation (including airlines, trains or buses) could have a negative effect on our business. These events may directly impact the value of our assets through damage, destruction, loss or increased security costs. Although we may obtain terrorism insurance, we may not be able to obtain sufficient coverage to fund any losses we may incur. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Further, certain losses resulting from these types of events are uninsurable or not insurable at reasonable costs. More generally, any terrorist attack, other act of violence or war, including military conflicts, such as the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine, could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy. This risk may be magnified in the case of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, due to the significant sanctions and other restrictive actions taken against Russia by the U.S. and other countries in response to Russia s February 2022 invasion of Ukraine, as well as the cessation of all business in Russia by many global companies. Increased economic volatility and trade restrictions could adversely affect our customers ability to pay rent on their leases or our ability to borrow money or issue capital stock at acceptable prices and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to you. We depend on the Advisor and its key personnel; if any of such key personnel were to cease employment with the Advisor, our business could suffer. Our ability to make distributions and achieve our investment objectives is dependent upon the performance of the Advisor in the acquisition, disposition and management of real properties and debt-related investments, the selection of customers for our real properties, the determination of any financing arrangements and other factors. In addition, our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of certain of the Advisor s key personnel, including William S. Benjamin, Michael J. Blum, Rajat Dhanda, Jay W. Glaubach, Andrew E. Holm, Howard C. Huang, Andrea L. Karp, Lainie P. Minnick, Taylor M. Paul, Scott W. Recknor, David A. Roth, Scott A. Seager, Jeffrey W. Taylor, and Joshua J. Widoff, each of whom would be difficult to replace. We currently do not have, nor do we expect to obtain key man life insurance on any of the Advisor s key personnel. If the Advisor were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts and abilities of one or more of these individuals, our operating results and NAV could suffer. Our board of directors determines our major policies and operations, which increases the uncertainties faced by our stockholders. Our board of directors determines our major policies, including our policies regarding acquisitions, dispositions, financing, growth, REIT qualification, redemptions and distributions. Our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies without a vote of the stockholders. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter, our stockholders have a right to vote only on limited matters. Our board of directors broad discretion in setting policies and our stockholders inability to exert control over those policies increases the uncertainty and risks our stockholders face, especially if our board of directors and our stockholders disagree as to what course of action is in our stockholders best interests. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest with limited partners in the Operating Partnership whose interests may not be aligned with those of our stockholders. Limited partners in the Operating Partnership have the right to vote on certain amendments to the agreement that governs the Operating Partnership, as well as on certain other matters. Persons holding such voting rights may exercise them in a manner that conflicts with our stockholders interests. As general partner of the Operating Partnership, we are obligated to act in a manner that is in the best interests of all partners of the Operating Partnership. Circumstances may arise in the future when the interests of limited partners in the Operating Partnership may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. These conflicts may be resolved in a manner the stockholders believe is not in their best interests. We may assume unknown liabilities in connection with acquisitions which could result in unexpected liabilities and expenses. In connection with an acquisition, we may receive certain assets or interests in certain assets subject to existing liabilities, some of which may be unknown to us at the time of the acquisition. Unknown liabilities might include liabilities for cleanup or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions, claims of customers, vendors or other persons dealing with the entities prior to an acquisition (including those that had not been asserted or threatened prior to an acquisition), tax liabilities, and accrued but unpaid liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business. If we acquire an entity, that entity may be subject to liabilities that become our responsibility upon acquisition of the entity. Our recourse with respect to such liabilities may be limited. Depending upon the amount or nature of such liabilities, our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the NAV of our shares may be adversely affected. Tax protection agreements could limit our ability to sell or otherwise dispose of property contributed to the Operating Partnership. In connection with contributions of property to the Operating Partnership, the Operating Partnership may enter into a tax protection agreement with the contributor of such property that provides that if we dispose of any interest in the contributed property in a taxable transaction within a certain time period, subject to certain exceptions, we may be required to indemnify the contributor for its tax liabilities attributable to the built-in gain that exists with respect to such property interests, and the tax liabilities incurred as a result of such tax protection payment. Therefore, although it may be in our stockholders best interests that we sell the contributed property, it may be economically prohibitive for us to do so because of these obligations or similar considerations. Tax protection agreements may require the Operating Partnership to maintain certain debt levels that otherwise would not be required to operate our business. Under a tax protection agreement, the Operating Partnership may provide the contributor of property the opportunity to guarantee debt or enter into a deficit restoration obligation. If we fail to make such opportunities available, we may be required to deliver to such contributor a cash payment intended to approximate the contributor s tax liability resulting from our failure to make such opportunities available to that contributor and the tax liabilities incurred as a result of such tax protection payment. These obligations may require the Operating Partnership to maintain more or different indebtedness than we would otherwise require for our business. Certain provisions in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership may delay or defer an unsolicited acquisition of us or a change of our control. Provisions in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership may delay or defer an unsolicited acquisition of us or changes of our control. These provisions include, among others, redemption rights of qualifying parties and the rights of the limited partners to consent to transfers of the general partnership interest and mergers under specified circumstances. These provisions could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an unsolicited acquisition of us or a change of our control, although some stockholders might consider such proposals, if made, desirable. The Operating Partnership s private placements of beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts under our DST Program could cause our leverage ratio to increase or subject us to liabilities from litigation or otherwise. We, through the Operating Partnership, conduct a program to raise capital in private placements exempt from registration under Section 506(b) of the Securities Act through the sale of beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts holding real properties, including properties currently indirectly owned by the Operating Partnership. These interests may serve as replacement properties for investors seeking to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. All of the interests sold to investors pursuant to such private placements will be leased-back by the Operating Partnership or a wholly owned subsidiary 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 thereof, as applicable, and fully guaranteed by the Operating Partnership, although there can be no assurance that the Operating Partnership can or will fulfill these guarantee obligations. Additionally, the Operating Partnership will be given a fair market value purchase option giving it the right, but not the obligation, to acquire the interests in the Delaware statutory trust from the investors at a later time in exchange for OP Units. In the event the Operating Partnership elects not to exercise the purchase option our leverage ratio could increase based on remaining master lease obligations. This may result in both increased costs to us and a negative impact on our overall debt covenants. In addition, in the event the Operating Partnership elects not to exercise the purchase option and the DST Property is sold to a third party, the master lease will terminate, triggering an obligation on the part of a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, as master tenant, to pay to the trust an amount equal to the positive difference, if any, between the fair market value of the DST Property with the master lease in place as if such automatic termination had not occurred, and the gross purchase price to be paid by the third party buyer to the trust to acquire the DST Property. However, if the gross purchase price for the DST Property exceeds the fair market value of the DST Property subject to the master lease, no payment to the trust by the master tenant will be required. Further, investors who acquired interests pursuant to such private placements may have been seeking certain tax benefits that depend on the interpretation of, and compliance with, federal and state income tax laws and regulations. As the general partner of the Operating Partnership, we may become subject to liability, from litigation or otherwise, as a result of such transactions, including in the event an investor fails to qualify for any desired tax benefits. The Operating Partnership s private placements of beneficial interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts under our DST Program will not shield us from risks related to the performance of the real properties held through such structures. Pursuant to the DST Program, the Operating Partnership intends to place certain of its existing real properties and/or acquire new properties to place into specific Delaware statutory trusts and then sell interests, via its taxable REIT subsidiary TRS ), in such trusts to third-party investors. We will hold long-term leasehold interests in the property pursuant to master leases that are fully guaranteed by the Operating Partnership, while the third-party investors indirectly hold some or all of the interests in the real estate. There can be no assurance that the Operating Partnership can or will fulfill these guarantee obligations. Although we will hold a fair market value purchase option to reacquire the real estate through a purchase of interests in the Delaware statutory trust, the purchase price will be based on the then-current fair market value of the third-party investor s interest in the real estate, which will be greatly impacted by the rental terms fixed by the long-term master lease. Under the lease, we are responsible for subleasing the property to occupying customers until the earlier of the expiration of the master lease or our exercise of the fair market value option, which means that we bear the risk that the underlying cash flow from the property and all capital expenditures may be less than the master lease payments at such time. Therefore, even though we will no longer own the underlying real estate, because of the fixed terms of the long-term master lease guaranteed by the Operating Partnership, negative performance by the underlying properties could affect cash available for distributions to our stockholders and will likely have an adverse effect on our results of operations and NAV. We may own beneficial interests in trusts owning real property that will be subject to the agreements under our DST Program, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, relative to if the DST Program agreements did not exist. In connection with the launch of our DST Program, we may own beneficial interests in trusts owning real property that are subject to the terms of the agreements provided by our DST Program. The DST Program agreements may limit our ability to encumber, lease or dispose of our beneficial interests. Such agreements could affect our ability to turn our beneficial interests into cash and could affect cash available for distributions to our stockholders. The DST Program agreements used in connection with the DST Program could also impair our ability to take actions that would otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders and, therefore, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and NAV, relative to if the DST Program agreements did not exist. Properties that are placed into the DST Program and later reacquired may be less liquid than other assets, which could impair our ability to utilize cash proceeds from sales of such properties for other purposes such as paying down debt, distributions, or additional investments. Properties that are placed into the DST Program (the Original DST Program Asset may later be reacquired through exercise of the option granted to our Operating Partnership. In such cases the investors who become limited partners in the Operating Partnership (the Original DST Investors will generally remain tied to the Original DST Program Asset in terms of basis and built-in-gain. As a result, if the Original DST Program Asset is subsequently sold, unless we effectuate a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Code, then tax will be triggered on the Original DST Investors built-in-gain. Although we are not contractually obligated to do so, we have generally sought to execute 1031 exchanges in such situations rather than trigger gain. Any replacement property acquired in connection with a 1031 exchange will similarly be tied to the Original DST Investors with similar considerations if such replacement 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 property ever is sold. As a result of these factors, placing properties into the DST Program may limit our ability to access liquidity from such properties or replacement properties through sale without triggering taxes due to the built-in-gain tied to Original DST Investors. Such reduced liquidity could impair our ability to utilize cash proceeds from sales for other purposes such as paying down debt, paying distributions, funding redemptions or making additional investments. Investors who use DST Program Loans to acquire interests in the Delaware statutory trusts as part of the DST Program may default on such loans. As part of the DST Program, a subsidiary of ours will provide DST Program Loans of no more than 50 of the purchase price to certain DST Program investors who acquire interests in Delaware statutory trusts. DST Program Loans will be secured by the DST Interests acquired using the DST Program Loan, and will be non-recourse to the borrowing DST Program investor subject to commercially customary recourse carveouts. We may suffer losses if the fair market value of the asset underlying the DST Interests acquired by the DST Program investor declines after the DST Program investor s borrowing with respect to a DST Program Loan, or if there is otherwise a default on a DST Program Loan. Cash redemptions to holders of OP Units will reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders or to honor their redemption requests under our share redemption program. The holders of OP Units (other than us and including both third parties and affiliates of the Sponsor) generally have the right to cause the Operating Partnership to redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock, cash, or a combination of both. Our election to redeem OP Units for cash may reduce funds available for distribution to our stockholders or to honor our stockholders redemption requests under our share redemption program. We may be limited or restricted in engaging in like-kind exchanges. We may dispose of properties in transactions intended to qualify as like-kind exchanges under the Code. Such like-kind exchanges are intended to result in the deferral of gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The failure of any such transaction to qualify as a like-kind exchange could require us to pay U.S. federal income tax, possibly including the 100 prohibited transaction tax, depending on the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. Maryland law and our organizational documents limit our stockholders right to bring claims against our officers and directors. Maryland law provides that a director will not have any liability as a director so long as he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter provides that, subject to the applicable limitations set forth therein or under Maryland law, no director or officer will be liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages. Our charter also provides that we will generally indemnify our directors, our officers, the Advisor and its affiliates for losses they may incur by reason of their service in those capacities unless their act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, they actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or, in the case of any criminal proceeding, they had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Moreover, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our independent directors and executive officers. As a result, we and our stockholders have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law. In addition, we are obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases. However, our charter does provide that we may not indemnify our directors, the Advisor and its affiliates for any liability or loss suffered by them unless they have determined that the course of conduct that caused the loss or liability was in our best interests, they were acting on our behalf or performing services for us, the liability or loss was not the result of negligence or misconduct by our non-independent directors, the Advisor and its affiliates or gross negligence or willful misconduct by our independent directors, and the indemnification is recoverable only out of our net assets and not from the stockholders. Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland shall be the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 with respect to our company, our directors, our officers or our employees (we note we currently have no employees). This choice of forum provision does not apply to claims under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction or any action or proceeding against us arising out of, or in connection with, the sale of securities or out of violation of state securities laws. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage meritorious claims from being asserted against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We adopted this provision because we believe it makes it less likely that we will be forced to incur the expense of defending duplicative actions in multiple forums and less likely that plaintiffs attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise unjustified settlements, and we believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this provision is remote, as the General Assembly of Maryland has specifically amended the Maryland General Corporation Law to authorize the adoption of such provisions. Stockholders interest will be diluted if we or the Operating Partnership issue additional securities. Existing stockholders and new investors purchasing shares of common stock in our public offerings do not have preemptive rights to any shares issued by us in the future. Under our charter, we have authority to issue a total of 2,700,000,000 shares of capital stock. Of the total number of shares of capital stock authorized (a) 2,500,000,000 shares are designated as common stock, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class E shares, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class T shares, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class S shares, 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class D shares and 500,000,000 of which are classified as Class I shares and (b) 200,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock. Our board of directors may amend our charter to increase the aggregate number of authorized shares of capital stock or the number of authorized shares of capital stock of any class or series without stockholder approval. We intend to operate as a perpetual-life REIT, and investors purchasing shares in our public offerings will likely experience dilution of their equity investment in us as a result of our ongoing offerings, including the distribution reinvestment plan, our ongoing Class E distribution reinvestment plan offering and future public offerings. Investors will also experience dilution if we issue securities in one or more private offerings, issue equity compensation pursuant to our equity incentive plans, issue shares to the Advisor in lieu of cash payments or reimbursements under the Advisory Agreement, or redeem OP Units for shares of common stock. In addition, we may in the future cause the Operating Partnership to issue a substantial number of additional OP Units in order to raise capital in relation to the DST Program or otherwise, acquire properties, consummate a merger, business combination or another significant transaction or to pay the Advisor in lieu of cash payments. OP Units may generally be converted into shares of our common stock, thereby diluting the percentage ownership interest of other stockholders. Ultimately, any additional issuance by us of equity securities or by the Operating Partnership of OP Units will dilute stockholders indirect interest in the Operating Partnership, through which we own all of our interests in our investments. We may issue preferred stock or new classes of OP Units, which issuance could adversely affect those stockholders who purchased shares of our common stock in our public offerings. If we ever created and issued preferred stock or one or more new classes of OP Units with a distribution preference over common stock, payment of any distribution preferences on outstanding preferred stock or OP Units would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on our common stock. Further, holders of preferred stock are normally entitled and holders of new classes of OP Units could be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event we liquidate, dissolve or wind up before any payment is made to our common stockholders, likely reducing the amount common stockholders would otherwise receive upon such an occurrence. Holders of preferred stock or new classes of OP Units could be given other preferential rights, such as preferential redemption rights or preferential tax protection agreements, that could reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of distributions on our common stock or otherwise negatively affect our common stockholders. In addition, under certain circumstances, the issuance of preferred stock, a new class of OP Units, or a separate class or series of common stock may render more difficult or tend to discourage: a merger, offer or proxy contest; the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities; the removal of incumbent management; and/or 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 liquidity options that otherwise may be available. 
 We are not limited to making acquisitions with cash or borrowings. We are not limited to making acquisitions with cash or borrowings. We may also make investments through either public or private offerings of equity securities from us or the Operating Partnership, and we may do so when attractive acquisition opportunities are available. We are not limited in the number or size of investments we may make with equity issuances, and we may effect a merger, business combination or another significant transaction through equity issuances. Such issuances may be comprised of existing classes of shares of our common stock or OP Units in the Operating Partnership, new classes of shares of our common stock or OP Units in the Operating Partnership with preferential terms compared to those of our existing investors (such as preferred stock, preferred OP Units, or contractual obligations to provide protection from adverse tax consequences), or tenancy-in-common interests. We and the Operating Partnership may, with the approval of a majority of our independent directors, agree to pay additional fees to the Advisor, the Dealer Manager and their affiliates in connection with any such transactions, which may negatively affect the NAV of stockholders shares, our ability to pay distributions and the stockholders overall return. The limit on the percentage of shares of our common stock that any person may own may discourage a takeover or business combination that may have benefited our stockholders. Our charter restricts the direct or indirect ownership by one person or entity to no more than 9.8 of the value of our then outstanding capital stock (which includes common stock and any preferred stock we may issue) and no more than 9.8 of the value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our then outstanding common stock. This restriction may discourage a change of control of us and may deter individuals or entities from making tender offers for shares of our common stock on terms that might be financially attractive to stockholders or which may cause a change in our management. This ownership restriction may also prohibit business combinations that would have otherwise been approved by our board of directors and our stockholders. In addition to deterring potential transactions that may be favorable to our stockholders, these provisions may also decrease our stockholders ability to sell their shares of our common stock. Although we are not currently afforded the full protection of the Maryland General Corporation Law relating to deterring or defending hostile takeovers, our board of directors could opt into these provisions of Maryland law in the future, which may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a premium price for their stock in connection with a business combination. Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and certain interested stockholders or affiliates of interested stockholders are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange, or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. Also under Maryland law, control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquirer, an officer of the corporation or an employee of the corporation who is also a director of the corporation are excluded from the vote on whether to accord voting rights to the control shares. Should our board of directors opt into these provisions of Maryland law, it may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. Similarly, provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the Maryland General Corporation Law could provide similar anti-takeover protection. Our charter includes a provision regarding tender offers that may discourage a stockholder from launching a tender offer for our shares. Our charter provides that any person making a tender offer that is not otherwise subject to Regulation 14D of the Exchange Act, including any mini-tender offer, must comply with most of the provisions of Regulation 14D of the Exchange Act, including the notice and disclosure requirements. In addition, the offeror must provide us notice of such tender offer at least 10 business days before initiating the tender offer. If the offeror does not comply with the provisions set forth above, we will have the right to redeem that offeror s shares, if any, and any shares acquired in such tender offer. In addition, the non-complying offeror will be responsible for all of our expenses in connection with that offeror s noncompliance. This provision of our charter may discourage a stockholder from initiating a tender offer for our shares. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 We depend on our relationships with lenders, joint venture partners, and property managers to conduct our business. If we fail to honor any of our contractual obligations, there could be a material and adverse impact on our ability to raise capital or manage our portfolio. If we are viewed as developing underperforming properties, suffer sustained losses on our investments, default on a significant level of loans or experience significant foreclosure of our properties, our reputation could be damaged. Damage to our reputation could make it more difficult to successfully develop or acquire properties in the future and to continue to grow and expand our relationships with our lenders, joint venture partners, customers and third-party management clients, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, NAV, results of operations and ability to make distributions. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations or the operations of the Advisor, the Dealer Manager, our transfer agent or any other party that provides us with services essential to our operations, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the information resources of us or the Advisor, the Dealer Manager, our transfer agent or any other party that provides us with services essential to our operations. A cyber incident may be caused by disasters, insiders (through inadvertence or with malicious intent) or malicious third parties (including nation-states or nation-state affiliated actors) using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery or other forms of deception. The efficient operation of our business is dependent on computer hardware and software systems, as well as data processing systems and the secure processing, storage and transmission of information, all of which are potentially vulnerable to security breaches and cyber incidents or other data security breaches. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems or those of the Advisor, the Dealer Manager, our transfer agent or any other party that provides us with services for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-states or nation-state affiliated actors and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, fines or penalties, investigations, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation, and damage to our business relationships and reputation, causing our business and results of operations to suffer. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. As reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, those provided by service providers, and the information systems of such service providers. The Adviser has implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber-incident, do not guarantee that a cyber-incident will not occur and/or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Even the most well-protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in some cases are designed to not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected. Moreover, our systems, servers and platforms and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to computer viruses or physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions that our or their security measures may not detect, which could cause system interruptions, website slowdown or unavailability, delays in communication or loss of data. Accordingly, we and our service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us and our service providers to entirely mitigate this risk. We may need to expend significant resources and make significant capital investment to protect against security breaches or to mitigate the impact of any such breaches. There can be no assurance that we or our third party service providers will be successful in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully mitigate their effects. Cybersecurity risks require continuous and increasing attention and other resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address such risks. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. In particular, state and federal laws and regulations related to cybersecurity compliance continue to evolve and change, which may require substantial investments in new technology, software and personnel, which could affect our profitability. These changes may also result in enhanced and unforeseen consequences for cyber-related breaches and incidents, which may further adversely affect our profitability. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. The termination or replacement of the Advisor could trigger a repayment event under our mortgage loans for some of our properties and the credit agreement governing any line of credit or other form of unsecured debt that we obtain, or a default under other agreements. Lenders for certain of our properties may request provisions in the mortgage loan documentation that would make the termination or replacement of the Advisor an event requiring the immediate repayment of the full outstanding balance of the loan. Similarly, under any line of credit or other form of unsecured debt such as term loans that we currently have, or we may obtain in the future, the termination or replacement of the Advisor could trigger repayment of outstanding amounts under the credit agreement governing that line of credit or other form of unsecured debt. If a debt repayment event occurs, our results of operations, ability to pay distributions, and financial condition may be adversely affected. The termination or replacement of the Advisor also could trigger a default under the permitted transfer provisions of certain agreements, including joint ventures. The success of our public offerings is dependent, in part, on the ability of the Dealer Manager to retain key employees and to successfully build and maintain a network of licensed broker-dealers. The success of our public offerings and our ability to implement our business strategy are dependent upon the ability of the Dealer Manager to retain key employees and to build and maintain a network of licensed securities broker-dealers and other agents. If the Dealer Manager is unable to retain qualified employees or build and maintain a sufficient network of participating broker-dealers to distribute shares in our public offerings, we may not be able to raise adequate proceeds through our public offerings to implement our investment strategy. In addition, the Dealer Manager currently serves and may serve as dealer manager for other issuers. As a result, the Dealer Manager may experience conflicts of interest in allocating its time between our public offerings and such other issuers, which could adversely affect our ability to raise adequate proceeds through our public offerings and implement our investment strategy. Further, the participating broker-dealers retained by the Dealer Manager may have numerous competing investment products, some with similar or identical investment strategies and areas of focus as us, which they may elect to emphasize to their retail clients. We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities, which are increasingly considered to contribute to reducing a company s operational risk, market risk and reputational risk, which may in turn impact the long-term sustainability of a company s performance. A variety of organizations measure the performance of companies on ESG topics, and the results of these assessments are widely publicized. In addition, investment in funds that specialize in companies that perform well in such assessments are increasingly popular, and major institutional investors have publicly emphasized the importance of such ESG measures to their investment decisions. We risk damage to our reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, including, but not limited to diversity, equity and inclusion, human rights, climate change and environmental stewardship, corporate governance and considering ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could adversely affect our business and results of operations. However, regional and investor specific sentiment may differ in what constitutes a material positive or negative ESG corporate practice. There is no guarantee that our corporate social responsibility practices will uniformly fit every investors definition of best practices for all ESG considerations across geographies and investor types. There is also a growing regulatory interest across jurisdictions in improving transparency regarding the definition, measurement and disclosure of ESG factors in order to allow investors to validate and better understand sustainability claims. In addition, in 2021 the SEC established an enforcement task force to look into ESG practices and disclosures by public companies and investment managers and has started to bring enforcement actions based on ESG disclosures not matching actual investment processes. In addition, the SEC has also announced that it is working on proposals for mandatory disclosure of certain ESG-related matters, including with respect to corporate and fund carbon emissions, board diversity and human capital management. At this time, there is uncertainty regarding the scope of such proposals or when they would become effective (if at all). Compliance with any new laws or regulations increases our regulatory burden and could make compliance more difficult and expensive, affect the manner in which we conduct our business and adversely affect our profitability. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENTS IN REAL PROPERTY Real properties are illiquid investments, and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions or sell a property if or when we decide to do so. Real properties are illiquid investments and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real property for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a real property. We may acquire real properties that are subject to contractual lock-out provisions that could restrict our ability to dispose of the real property for a period of time. In addition, U.S. federal tax laws that impose a 100 excise tax on gains from sales of dealer property by a REIT (generally, property held for sale, rather than investment) could limit our ability to sell properties and may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. These restrictions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may also be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects or to make such improvements. In acquiring a real property, we may agree to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that real property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that real property. Our real properties may also be subject to resale restrictions. All of these provisions would restrict our ability to sell a property. We are dependent on customers for revenue, and our inability to lease our real properties or to collect rent from our customers may adversely affect our results of operations, NAV and returns to our stockholders. Our revenues from our real property investments are dependent on our ability to lease our real properties and the creditworthiness of our customers and would be adversely affected by the loss of or default by one or more significant lessees. Furthermore, certain of our assets may utilize leases with payments directly related to tenant sales, where some or all of the amount of rent that we charge a tenant is calculated as a percentage of such tenant s revenues over a fixed period of time, and a reduction in sales can reduce the amount of the lease payments required to be made to us by customers leasing space in such assets. The success of those real properties depends on the financial stability of the respective customers. The financial results of our customers can depend on several factors, including but not limited to the general business environment, interest rates, inflation, the availability of credit, taxation and overall consumer confidence. In addition, our ability to increase our revenues and operating income partially depends on steady growth of demand for the products and services offered by the customers located in the assets that we own and manage. A drop in demand, as a result of a slowdown in the U.S. and global economy or otherwise, could result in a reduction in tenant performance and consequently, adversely affect our results of operations, NAV and returns to our stockholders. Inflation could also have an adverse effect on consumer spending which could impact our customers sales and, in turn, our percentage rents, where applicable. Conversely, deflation could lead to downward pressure on rents and other sources of income. If indicators of impairment exist in any of our real properties, for example, we experience negative operating trends such as prolonged vacancies or operating losses, we may not recover some or all of our investment. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for historical information regarding our impairments. Lease payment defaults by customers could cause us to reduce the amount of distributions to our stockholders and could force us to find an alternative source of funds to make mortgage payments on any mortgage loans or payments due under our unsecured credit facilities. In the event of a tenant default, we may also experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord and may incur substantial costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing our real property. If a lease is terminated, we may be unable to lease the real property for the rent previously received or sell the real property without incurring a loss. Some of our properties may be leased to a single or significant customer and, accordingly, may be suited to the particular or unique needs of such customer. We may have difficulty replacing such a customer if the floor plan of the vacant space limits the types of 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 businesses that can use the space without major renovation. In addition, the resale value of the property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property will depend principally upon the value of the leases of such property. Similarly, certain of our other commercial properties are leased out to single customers or customers that are otherwise reliant on a single enterprise to remain in business. Adverse impacts to such customers, businesses or operators, including as a result of changes in market or economic conditions, natural disasters, outbreaks of an infectious disease, pandemic or any other serious public health concern, political events or other factors that may impact the operation of these properties, may have negative effects on the business and financial results. As a result, some of the customer or operators have been, and may in the future be, required to suspend operations at our properties for what could be an extended period of time. Further, if such customers default under their leases or such operators are unable to operate the assets, we may not be able to promptly enter into a new lease or operating arrangement for such properties, rental rates or other terms under any new leases or operating arrangement may be less favorable than the terms of the current lease or operating arrangement or we may be required to make capital improvements to such properties for a new customer or operator, any of which could adversely impact the operating results. If the market for commercial real estate experiences increased vacancy rates, particularly in certain large metropolitan areas, it could result in lower revenues for us. In the relatively recent past, there have been global economic downturns that negatively impacted the commercial real estate market in the U.S., and resulted in, among other things, increased tenant defaults under leases, generally lower demand for rentable space, and an oversupply of rentable space, all of which could lead to increased concessions, tenant improvement expenditures or reduced rental rates to maintain occupancies. We believe that the risks associated with our business could be more severe if the economy deteriorates again or if commercial real estate values decline. Our revenues will decline and our NAV and ability to pay distributions will be negatively impacted if our commercial properties experience higher vacancy rates or decline in value. A real property that incurs a vacancy could be difficult to sell or re-lease. A real property may incur a vacancy either by the continued default of a customer under its lease or the expiration of the lease. In addition, certain of the real properties we acquire may have some vacancies at the time of closing. Certain other real properties may be specifically suited to the particular needs of a customer and such real property may become vacant. Certain of our leases with retail customers contain provisions giving the particular tenant the exclusive right to sell particular types of merchandise or provide specific types of services within the particular retail center. These provisions may limit the number and types of prospective customers interested in leasing space in a particular retail property. Therefore, we may have difficulty obtaining a new tenant for any vacant space we have in our real properties. In certain cases, we may need to offer free rent or other concessions to attract customers. If the vacancy continues for a long period of time, we would suffer reduced revenues, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and NAV, and result in lower distributions to our stockholders. In addition, the resale value of the real property could be diminished because the market value may depend principally upon the value of the leases of such real property. Adverse economic and other conditions in the regions where our assets are located may have a significant adverse impact on our financial results. A deterioration of general economic or other relevant conditions, general demand for certain types of properties, changes in governmental laws and regulations, acts of nature, demographics or other factors in any of the states or the geographic region in which our assets are located could result in the loss of a tenant, a decrease in the demand for our properties and a decrease in our revenues from those markets, which in turn may have a disproportionate and material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, some of our investments are located in areas that are more susceptible to natural disasters, and therefore, our customers and properties are particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by earthquakes or other severe weather conditions or natural disasters. Any significant loss due to a natural disaster may not be covered by insurance and may lead to an increase in the cost of insurance and expenses for our customers, or could limit the future availability of such insurance, which could limit our customers ability to satisfy their obligations to us. In addition, our results of operations depend substantially on our ability to lease the spaces available in the assets that we own as well as the price at which we lease such space. Adverse conditions in the regions and specific markets where we operate may reduce our ability to lease our properties, reduce occupancy levels, restrict our ability to increase lease prices and force us to lower lease prices and/or offer tenant incentives. Should our assets fail to generate sufficient revenues for us to meet our obligations, our financial condition and results of operations, as well as our NAV and ability to make distributions or repay debt, could be adversely affected. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We may be adversely affected by trends in the office real estate industry. Some businesses are rapidly evolving to make employee telecommuting, flexible work schedules, open workplaces and teleconferencing increasingly common. These practices enable businesses to reduce their space requirements. A continuation of the movement towards these practices could over time erode the overall demand for office space and, in turn, place downward pressure on occupancy, rental rates and property valuations, each of which could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make expected distributions to our stockholders. We may also be negatively impacted by competition from other short-term office or shared space leasing companies. Properties that have significant vacancies, especially value-add or other types of discounted real estate assets, may experience delays in leasing up or could be difficult to sell, which could diminish our return on these properties and the return on the stockholders investments. Our investments in value-add properties or other types of discounted properties may have significant vacancies at the time of acquisition and/or thereafter. If vacancies continue for a prolonged period of time beyond the expected lease-up stage that we anticipate will follow any redevelopment or repositioning efforts, we may suffer reduced revenues, resulting in less cash available for distributions to our stockholders. In certain cases, we may need to offer free rent or other concessions to attract customers. In addition, the resale value of the property could be diminished because the market value of a particular property depends principally upon the value of the cash flow generated by the leases associated with that property. Such a reduction on the resale value of a property could also reduce our NAV and the overall return on the stockholders investment. Changes in supply of or demand for similar real properties in a particular area may increase the price of real properties we seek to purchase or adversely affect the value of the real properties that we own. The real estate industry is subject to market forces and we are unable to predict certain market changes including changes in supply of or demand for similar real properties in a particular area. For example, if demand for the types of real properties in which we seek to invest were to sharply increase or supply of those assets were to sharply decrease, the prices to acquire those assets could rise significantly. Any potential purchase of an overpriced asset could decrease our rate of return on these investments and result in lower operating results and overall returns to our stockholders. Likewise, a sharp decrease in demand or increase in supply could adversely affect leasing rates and occupancy, which could lower operating results, our NAV and overall returns to our stockholders. Actions of our joint venture partners could adversely impact our performance. We have entered into and may continue to enter into joint ventures with third parties, including entities that are affiliated with the Advisor or entities sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor. We may be a general partner, but also could be a limited partner. Such venture may give substantial discretionary authority to a third party general partner or to an affiliate of the Advisor or Sponsor as general partner. We have purchased and developed and may also continue to purchase and develop properties in joint ventures or in partnerships, co-tenancies or other co-ownership arrangements with the sellers of the properties, affiliates of the sellers, developers or other persons. Such investments may involve risks not otherwise present with a direct investment in real estate, including, for example: the possibility that our venture partner, co-tenant or partner in an investment might become bankrupt or otherwise be unable to meet its capital contribution obligations; that such venture partner, co-tenant or partner may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are or which become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; that such venture partner, co-tenant or partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives; that actions by such venture partner, co-tenant or partner could adversely affect our reputation, negatively impacting our ability to conduct business; or that such venture partner, co-tenant or partner has legal or other effective control over the asset, partnership or venture. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Actions by a joint venture partner or co-tenant might have the result of subjecting the property to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and may have the effect of reducing our stockholders returns. Under certain joint venture arrangements, neither venture partner may have the power to control the venture, and an impasse could be reached, which might have a negative influence on the joint venture and decrease potential returns to our stockholders. In the event that a venture partner has a right of first refusal to buy out the other partner, it may be unable to finance such a buy-out at that time. It may also be difficult for us to sell our interest in any such joint venture or partnership or as a co-tenant in a particular property. In addition, to the extent that our venture partner or co-tenant is an affiliate of the Advisor or an entity sponsored or advised by affiliates of the Sponsor, certain conflicts of interest will exist. We compete with numerous other parties or entities for real property investments and customers, and we may not compete successfully. We compete with numerous other persons or entities seeking to buy real properties or to attract customers to real properties we already own, which may have a negative impact on our ability to acquire real properties or attract customers on favorable terms, if at all, and the returns on our real properties. These persons or entities may have greater experience and financial strength than us. For example, our competitors may be willing to offer space at rental rates below our rates, causing us to lose existing or potential customers and pressuring us to reduce our rental rates to retain existing customers or convince new customers to lease space at our properties. Similarly, the opening of new competing assets near the assets that we own may hinder our ability to renew our existing leases or to lease to new customers, because the proximity of new competitors may divert existing or new customers to such competitors. In addition, if market rental rates decline during the term of an existing lease, we may be unable to renew or find a new tenant without lowering the rental rate. Each of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and ability to repay debt, and pay distributions to our stockholders. Delays in the selection, acquisition, development and construction of real properties or debt investments may have adverse effects on portfolio diversification, results of operations and returns to our stockholders. Delays we encounter in selecting, acquiring and developing additional real properties or debt investments could adversely affect our stockholders returns. The uncertain state of the real estate markets in recent years and the resulting incentives of lenders and sellers to retain their investments had previously led to generally lower transaction volume in the broader real estate market and for us, in part due to pricing and valuation uncertainties. It is possible that such disruptions and uncertainties may reoccur. Alternatively, increased competition for high quality investments may also limit our ability to make incremental accretive investments in real properties and debt investments. These factors may continue to have a negative effect on our stockholders returns, and may also hinder our ability to reach our portfolio diversification objectives. In addition, where properties are acquired prior to the start of construction or during the early stages of construction, it will typically take several months to complete construction and rent available space. Therefore, we may not receive any income from these properties for a significant period of time or at all if we are required to abandon such construction following acquisition, and distributions to our stockholders could suffer. Delays in the completion of construction could give customers the right to terminate preconstruction leases for space at a newly developed project. We may incur additional risks when we make periodic progress payments or other advances to builders prior to completion of construction. Each of those factors could result in increased costs of a project or loss of our investment. In addition, we will be subject to normal lease-up risks relating to newly constructed projects. Furthermore, the price we agree to for a real property will be based on our projections of rental income and expenses and estimates of the fair market value of the real property upon completion of construction. If our projections are inaccurate, we may pay too much for a property. We may be unable to achieve our diversification goals or to realize benefits from diversification. We are primarily focused on investing in and operating a diverse portfolio of real property and investing in other real estate-related assets. We currently focus our investment activities primarily across the major U.S. property sectors (industrial, residential, office and retail) but to a lesser extent intend to strategically invest in geographies outside of the U.S., which may include Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions, and in other sectors such as triple net lease, real estate debt (which may include mortgages and subordinated interests), real estate-related securities, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors and/or infrastructure, to create a diversified blend of current income and long-term value appreciation. Although there can be no assurance that we will achieve this objective, we intend to diversify our portfolio by key portfolio attributes including, but not limited 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 to, (i) property sector and type, (ii) target market, with consideration given to geographic concentrations, (iii) average lease terms and portfolio occupancy expectations, (iv) customer concentrations, including credit and exposure to particular businesses or industries and (v) debt profile with the goal of maximizing flexibility while seeking to minimize cost and mitigate the risks associated with changes in interest rates and debt maturities. However, we may not successfully implement our diversification strategy. Even if we do fully achieve our diversification goals, it is possible our diversified portfolio will not perform as well as a portfolio that is concentrated in a particular type of real estate. We may alter our exposure to various real property sectors and we may not always own properties in each sector. We currently focus our investment activities primarily across the major U.S. property sectors (industrial, residential, office and retail) but to a lesser extent intend to strategically invest in triple net lease, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors, real estate-related securities and/or infrastructure, to create a diversified blend of current income and long-term value appreciation. Although we aim to diversify our real property portfolio by owning properties in a number of these sectors, we may not always have significant holdings, or any holdings at all, in each sector. We may elect to increase or decrease our holdings in each sector at any time and we may change our target property sectors at any time. If we decrease or eliminate our holdings in any property sector or cease to target any of these property sectors our real property portfolio will be less diversified and we may not realize the benefits of diversification. We are subject to the risk that, with respect to assets that we have acquired and may acquire based on growth potential, such growth potential is not realized. From 2020 to 2022, we disposed of approximately 0.5 billion of properties and we acquired approximately 2.5 billion of properties. The properties that we sold were generally higher-yielding than the new properties we acquired, although we believe the acquired assets exhibit greater potential for future growth. We believe that market conditions may cause us to continue to explore in certain markets the disposition of higher-yielding assets and in certain target markets the acquisition of assets that may generate lower initial yields but with greater growth potential. Although there can be no assurance that we will continue to pursue this strategy or be successful in its execution, for some period of time this may mean that higher-yielding assets are sold from our portfolio in exchange for assets that initially may produce lower current income but which we believe may generate increased income over time through increased tenant demand and/or rental rate growth in order to generate long-term growth in NAV. With respect to such assets, we are subject to the risk that the expected growth potential is not realized. This may result from a variety of factors, including but not limited to unanticipated changes in local market conditions or increased competition for similar properties in the same market. Acquiring properties that do not realize their expected growth potential, or properties that take longer than expected to realize their growth potential, would likely negatively affect our NAV, limit our ability to pay distributions to stockholders and reduce their overall returns. Our real properties are subject to property and other taxes that may increase in the future, which could adversely affect our cash flow. Our real properties are subject to real and personal property and other taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as the properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Certain of our leases provide that the property taxes, or increases therein, are charged to the lessees as an expense related to the real properties that they occupy while other leases will generally provide that we are responsible for such taxes. In any case, as the owner of the properties, we are ultimately responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable governmental authorities. If property taxes increase, our customers may be unable to make the required tax payments, ultimately requiring us to pay the taxes even if otherwise stated under the terms of the lease. If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authorities may place a lien on the property and the property may be subject to a tax sale. In addition, we will generally be responsible for property taxes related to any vacant space. Potential changes to the U.S. tax laws could have a significant negative impact on our business operations, financial condition and earnings. U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs and other corporations and the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended at any time, potentially with retroactive effect. Future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT or adversely affect our stockholders. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to litigation that could adversely affect our results of operations. We are a defendant from time to time in lawsuits and/or regulatory proceedings relating to our business. Unfavorable outcomes resulting from such lawsuits and/or regulatory proceedings could adversely impact our business, financial condition, NAV or results of operations. Uninsured losses or premiums for insurance coverage relating to real property may adversely affect our operating results. There are types of losses, generally catastrophic in nature, such as losses due to wars, acts of terrorism, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, pollution or environmental matters that are uninsurable or not economically insurable, or may be insured subject to limitations, such as large deductibles or co-payments. Risks associated with potential acts of terrorism could sharply increase the premiums we pay for coverage against property and casualty claims. Additionally, mortgage lenders sometimes require commercial property owners to purchase specific coverage against terrorism as a condition for providing mortgage loans. These policies may not be available at a reasonable cost, if at all, which could inhibit our ability to finance or refinance our real properties. In such instances, we may be required to provide other financial support, either through financial assurances or self-insurance, to cover potential losses. Changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured property or casualty losses. In the event that any of our real properties incurs a property or casualty loss that is not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by any such uninsured loss. In addition, we could be held liable for indemnifying possible victims of an accident. We cannot assure our stockholders that funding will be available to us for the repair or reconstruction of damaged real property in the future or for liability payments to accident victims. The real estate industry is subject to extensive regulation, which may result in higher expenses or other negative consequences that could adversely affect us. Our activities are subject to federal, state and municipal laws, and to regulations, authorizations and license requirements with respect to, among other things, zoning, environmental protection and historical heritage, all of which may affect our business. We may be required to obtain licenses and permits with different governmental authorities in order to acquire and manage our assets. In addition, public authorities may enact new and more stringent standards, or interpret existing laws and regulations in a more restrictive manner, which may force companies in the real estate industry, including us, to spend funds to comply with these new rules, alter the use and occupancy of certain properties, or reduce revenue. Currently across the United States and elsewhere, owners of real property, especially those occupied by individuals (e.g., apartments), as well as industrial warehouses and distribution centers, are coming under increased scrutiny from local, state and federal authorities as well as tenant activist groups. Some are taking proactive measures, either in the form of legislation, administrative actions, or litigation, that could ultimately adversely affect our results from operations, cash flow, distributions and NAV. In the event of noncompliance with such laws, regulations, licenses and authorizations, we may face the payment of fines, project shutdowns, cancellation of licenses, and revocation of authorizations, in addition to other civil and criminal penalties. Environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on such real property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Third parties may also sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based on personal injury, natural resources or property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs resulting from the environmental contamination. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such real property as collateral for future borrowings. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which real property may be used or businesses may be operated. A property owner who violates environmental laws may be subject to sanctions, which may be enforced by government agencies or, in certain circumstances, private parties. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Our customers operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our real properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our real properties. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 regulations with which we may be required to comply, and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. In connection with the acquisition and ownership of our real properties, we may be exposed to such costs in connection with such regulations. The cost of defending against environmental claims, of any damages or fines we must pay, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or of remediating any contaminated real property could materially and adversely affect our business, lower the value of our assets or results of operations and, consequently, lower our NAV and the amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. Environmental laws in the U.S. also require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos properly manage and maintain the asbestos, adequately inform or train those who may come into contact with asbestos and undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, in the event that asbestos is disturbed during building renovation or demolition. These laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to asbestos. Some of our properties may contain asbestos-containing building materials. We may invest in properties historically used for industrial, manufacturing and commercial purposes. Some of these properties may contain at the time of our investment, or may have contained prior to our investment, underground storage tanks for the storage of petroleum products and other hazardous or toxic substances. All of these operations create a potential for the release of petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. Some of the properties that we acquire may be adjacent to or near other properties that have contained or then currently contain underground storage tanks used to store petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. In addition, certain of the properties that we acquire may be on or adjacent to or near other properties upon which others, including former owners or customers of our properties, have engaged, or may in the future engage, in activities that may release petroleum products or other hazardous or toxic substances. From time to time, we may acquire properties, or interests in properties, with known adverse environmental conditions where we believe that the environmental liabilities associated with these conditions are quantifiable and that the acquisition will yield an appropriate risk-adjusted return. In such an instance, we will underwrite the costs of environmental investigation, clean-up and monitoring into the cost. Further, in connection with property dispositions, we may agree to remain responsible for, and to bear the cost of, remediating or monitoring certain environmental conditions on the properties. Generally, our properties are subject to a Phase I or similar environmental assessment by independent environmental consultants prior to or in connection with our acquisition of such properties. Phase I assessments are intended to discover and evaluate information regarding the environmental condition of the surveyed property and surrounding properties. Phase I assessments generally include a historical review, a public records review, an investigation of the surveyed site and surrounding properties and preparation and issuance of a written report, but do not include soil sampling or subsurface investigations and typically do not include an asbestos survey. We cannot give any assurance that an environmental liability that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations taken as a whole, will not currently exist at the time of acquisition or may not arise in the future, with respect to any of our properties. Material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may arise after an environmental assessment has been completed. Moreover, there can be no assurance that future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability, or that the then current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by customers, by the condition of land or operations in the vicinity of such properties (such as releases from underground storage tanks), or by third parties unrelated to us. Costs of complying with governmental laws and regulations related to environmental protection and human health and safety may be high. All real property and the operations conducted on the real property are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and human health and safety. Some of these laws and regulations may impose joint and several liability on customers, owners or operators for the costs to investigate or remediate contaminated properties, regardless of fault or whether the acts causing the contamination were legal. Leasing properties to customers that engage in industrial, manufacturing, and commercial activities will cause us to be subject to the risk of liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. In addition, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances, or the failure to properly remediate these substances, may adversely affect our ability to sell, rent or pledge such property as collateral for future borrowings. Some of these laws and regulations have been amended so as to require compliance with new or more stringent standards as of future dates. Compliance with new or more stringent laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 material expenditures. Future laws, ordinances or regulations may impose material environmental liability. Additionally, our customers operations, the existing condition of land when we buy it, operations in the vicinity of our properties, such as the presence of underground storage tanks, or activities of unrelated third parties may affect our properties. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations with which we may be required to comply and which may subject us to liability in the form of fines or damages for noncompliance. Any material expenditures, fines or damages we must pay will reduce our ability to make distributions. In addition, changes in these laws and governmental regulations, or their interpretation by agencies or the courts, could occur. The sale and disposition of real properties carry certain litigation risks at the property level that may reduce our profitability and the return on stockholders investments. The acquisition, ownership and disposition of real properties carry certain specific litigation risks. Litigation may be commenced with respect to a property acquired by us in relation to activities that took place prior to our acquisition of such property. In addition, at the time of disposition of an individual property, a potential buyer may claim that it should have been afforded the opportunity to purchase the asset or alternatively that such potential buyer should be awarded due diligence expenses incurred or statutory damages for misrepresentation relating to disclosure made, if such buyer is passed over in favor of another as part of our efforts to maximize sale proceeds. Similarly, successful buyers may later sue us under various damage theories, including those sounding in tort, for losses associated with latent defects or other problems not uncovered in due diligence. The costs associated with complying with the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Amendment Act may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Investment in real properties may also be subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended, or the Disabilities Act and the Fair Housing Amendment Act, as amended, or the Fair Housing Act. Under the Disabilities Act, all places of public accommodation are required to comply with federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. The Disabilities Act has separate compliance requirements for public accommodations and commercial facilities that generally require that buildings and services be made accessible and available to people with disabilities. The Disabilities Act s requirements could require us to remove access barriers and our failure to comply with the act s requirements could result in the imposition of injunctive relief, monetary penalties or, in some cases, an award of damages. The Fair Housing Act requires residential dwellings first occupied after March 13, 1991 to comply with design and construction requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. We will attempt to acquire properties that comply with these acts or place the burden on the seller or other third party, such as a customer, to ensure compliance with these acts. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to acquire properties or allocate responsibilities in this manner. Any monies we use to comply with or defend lawsuits related to the Disabilities Act and Fair Housing Act will reduce our NAV and the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We may not have funding for future tenant improvements, which may adversely affect the value of our assets, our results of operations and returns to our stockholders. When a tenant at one of our real properties does not renew its lease or otherwise vacates its space in one of our buildings, it is likely that, in order to attract one or more new customers, we will be required to expend substantial funds to construct new tenant improvements in the vacated space. We expect to invest the net proceeds from our offering in real estate-related investments, and we do not anticipate that we will maintain permanent working capital reserves. We do not currently have an identified funding source to provide funds that may be required in the future for tenant improvements and tenant refurbishments in order to attract new customers. If we do not establish sufficient reserves for working capital or obtain adequate financing to supply necessary funds for capital improvements or similar expenses, we may be required to defer necessary or desirable improvements to our real properties. If we defer such improvements, the applicable real properties may decline in value, and it may be more difficult for us to attract or retain customers to such real properties or the amount of rent we can charge at such real properties may decrease. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will have any sources of funding available to us for the repair or reconstruction of damaged real property in the future. Lease agreements may have specific provisions that create risks to our business and may adversely affect us. Our lease agreements are regulated by local, municipal, state and federal laws, which may grant certain rights to customers, such as the compulsory renewal of their lease by filing lease renewal actions when certain legal conditions are met. A lease renewal action 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 may represent two principal risks for us: (i) if we plan to vacate a given unit in order to change or adapt an asset s mix of customers, the customer could remain in that unit by filing a lease renewal action and interfere with our strategy; and (ii) if we desire to increase the lease price for a specific unit, this increase may need to be approved in the course of a lease renewal action, and the final value could be decided at the discretion of a judge. We would then be subject to the court s interpretation and decision, and could be forced to accept an even lower price for the lease of the unit. The compulsory renewal of our lease agreements and/or the judicial review of our lease prices may adversely affect our cash flow and our operating results. Certain of our lease agreements may not be triple net leases, under which the lessee undertakes to pay all the expenses of maintaining the leased property, including insurance, taxes, utilities and repairs. We will be exposed to higher maintenance, tax and property management expenses with respect to all of our leases that are not triple net. Operating expenses, such as expenses for fuel, utilities, labor, building materials and insurance are not fixed and may increase in the future. There is no guarantee that we will be able to pass such increases on to our customers. To the extent such increases cannot be passed on to our customers, any such increases would cause our cash flow, NAV and operating results to decrease. We depend on the availability of public utilities and services, especially for water and electric power. Any reduction, interruption or cancellation of these services may adversely affect us. Public utilities, especially those that provide water and electric power, are fundamental for the sound operation of our assets. The delayed delivery or any material reduction or prolonged interruption of these services could allow certain customers to terminate their leases or result in an increase in our costs, as we may be forced to use backup generators, which also could be insufficient to fully operate our facilities and could result in our inability to provide services. Accordingly, any interruption or limitation in the provision of these essential services may adversely affect us. Acquiring or attempting to acquire multiple properties in a single transaction may adversely affect our operations. From time to time, we may acquire multiple properties in a single transaction. Portfolio acquisitions typically are more complex and expensive than single-property acquisitions, and the risk that a multiple-property acquisition does not close may be greater than in a single-property acquisition. Portfolio acquisitions may also result in us owning investments in geographically dispersed markets, placing additional demands on the Advisor in managing the properties in the portfolio. In addition, a seller may require that a group of properties be purchased as a package even though we may not want to purchase one or more properties in the portfolio. In these situations, if we are unable to identify another person or entity to acquire the unwanted properties, we may be required to operate or attempt to dispose of these properties. We also may be required to accumulate a large amount of cash to fund such acquisitions. We would expect the returns that we earn on such cash to be less than the returns on investments in real property. Therefore, acquiring multiple properties in a single transaction may reduce the overall yield on our portfolio. In the event we obtain options to acquire properties, we may lose the amount paid for such options whether or not the underlying property is purchased. We may obtain options to acquire certain properties. The amount paid for an option, if any, is normally surrendered if the property is not purchased and may or may not be credited against the purchase price if the property is purchased. Any unreturned option payments will reduce the amount of cash available for further investments or distributions to our stockholders. We will rely on property managers to operate our properties and leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. The Advisor intends to hire property managers to manage our properties and leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. The property managers will have significant decision-making authority with respect to the management of our properties. Our ability to direct and control how our properties are managed on a day-to-day basis may be limited because we will engage third parties to perform this function. Thus, the success of our business may depend in large part on the ability of our property managers to manage the day-to-day operations and the ability of our leasing agents to lease vacancies in our properties. Any adversity experienced by, or problems in our relationship with, our property managers or leasing agents could adversely impact the operation and profitability of our properties. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Our properties may be leased at below-market rates under long-term leases. We may seek to negotiate longer-term leases to reduce the cash flow volatility associated with lease rollovers, in particular when contractual rent increases are included. In addition, where appropriate, we may seek leases that provide for operating expenses, or expense increases to be paid by the customers. These leases may allow customers to renew the lease with pre-defined rate increases. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates or expenses, we may set the rental rates (or expense reimbursements) of these long-term leases at levels such that even after contractual rental increases, the resulting rental rates (or net revenues to us) are less than then-current market rental rates. Further, we may be unable to terminate those leases or adjust the rent or expense reimbursements to then-prevailing market rates. As a result, our income and distributions to our stockholders could be lower than if we did not enter into long-term leases. Retail properties depend on anchor customers to attract shoppers and could be adversely affected by the loss of a key anchor customer. Retail properties, like other properties, are subject to the risk that customers may be unable to make their lease payments or may decline to extend a lease upon its expiration. A lease termination by a customer that occupies a large area of a retail center (commonly referred to as an anchor customer) could impact leases of other customers. Other customers may be entitled to modify the terms of their existing leases (or terminate their leases) in the event of a lease termination by an anchor customer, or the closure of the business of an anchor customer that leaves its space vacant even if the anchor customer continues to pay rent. Any such modifications, conditions or terminations could be unfavorable to us as the property owner and could decrease rents or expense recoveries. Additionally, major customer closures may result in decreased customer traffic, which could lead to decreased sales at other stores. In the event of default by a customer or anchor store, we may experience delays and costs in enforcing our rights as landlord to recover amounts due to us under the terms of our agreements with those parties. Our investments in industrial properties are more dependent on economic activity and trade regulation than other real estate sectors. Some of our investments in real estate assets are in industrial properties. The demand for industrial space in the U.S. is more strongly dependent on economic activity and trade regulation than other real estate sectors. For example, customers and potential customers of our industrial properties operate in industries including e-commerce, traditional retail, third-party logistics, warehousing and manufacturing, all of which may be adversely impacted by recently enacted and proposed changes to U.S. foreign trade policies, including tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other policies. Our performance may be more dependent on economic activity and trade regulation than that of real estate companies that do not invest in industrial properties. Student housing properties are subject to seasonality. Student housing properties are typically leased during prime leasing seasons, and are therefore highly dependent on the effectiveness of our marketing and leasing efforts and personnel during such seasons. Additionally, student housing properties are generally on short-term leases, exposing owners of such properties to increased leasing risk. We may not be able to re-lease our properties on similar terms, if we are able to re-lease our properties at all. The terms of renewal or re-lease (including the cost of required renovations) may be less favorable to us than the prior lease. If we are unable to re-lease all or a substantial portion of our properties, or if the rental rates upon such re-leasing are significantly lower than expected rates, our cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. Prior to the commencement of each new lease period, we prepare the units for new incoming residents. Other than revenue generated by in-place leases for returning residents, we do not generally recognize lease revenue during this period referred to as turn as we have no leases in place. In addition, during turn, we incur expenses preparing our units for occupancy, which we recognize immediately. This lease turn period results in seasonality in our operating results, and as a result, we may experience significantly reduced cash flows during such periods. In addition, we may be adversely affected by a change in university admission policies. For example, if a university reduces the number of student admissions, the demand for our student housing properties may be reduced and our occupancy rates may decline. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 Our student housing properties also compete with university-owned student housing and other national and regional owner-operators of off-campus student housing in a number of markets as well as with smaller local owner-operators. We may be subject to tenant relief laws and may be subject to rent control laws, which could negatively impact our rental revenue. To the extent we own residential rental properties, we expect that we will regularly be seeking to evict tenants who are not paying their rent or are otherwise in material violation of the terms of their lease. Eviction activities will result in additional legal costs and require the time and attention of our management. The eviction process is typically subject to numerous legal requirements and mandatory cure policies, which may increase our costs and delay our ability to gain possession of and stabilize a property. Additionally, state and local landlord-tenant laws may impose legal duties on us to assist tenants in relocating to new housing, or restrict our ability to recover certain costs or charge tenants for damage tenants cause to our property. Because such laws vary by state and locality, we will need to be familiar with and take appropriate steps to comply with applicable landlord-tenant laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we will need to incur supervisory and legal expenses to ensure such compliance. To the extent that we do not comply with state or local laws, we may be subjected to civil litigation filed by individuals, a class of plaintiffs or by state or local law enforcement. We may be required to pay our adversaries litigation fees and expenses if judgment is entered against us in such litigation or if we settle such litigation. We may be subject to additional risks from non-U.S. investments. We intend in the future to invest in real properties and loans located in countries outside the United States, which may include Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions, which involve certain factors not typically associated with investing in the U.S., including risks relating to (i) currency exchange matters, including fluctuations in the rate of exchange between the U.S. dollar and the various non-U.S. currencies in which such investments are denominated, and costs associated with conversion of investment principal and income from one currency into another; (ii) differences in conventions relating to documentation, settlement, corporate actions, stakeholder rights and other matters; (iii) differences between U.S. and non-U.S. asset markets, including potential price volatility in and relative illiquidity of some non-U.S. markets; (iv) the absence of uniform accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards, practices and disclosure requirements and differences in government supervision and regulation; (v) certain economic, social and political risks, including potential exchange-control regulations, potential restrictions on non-U.S. investment and repatriation of capital, the risks associated with political, economic or social instability, including the risk of sovereign defaults, regulatory change, and the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation or the imposition of withholding or other taxes on dividends, interest, capital gains, other income or gross sale or disposition proceeds, and adverse economic and political developments; (vi) the possible imposition of non-U.S. taxes on income and gains and gross sales or other proceeds recognized with respect to such investments; (vii) differing and potentially less well-developed or well-tested corporate laws regarding stakeholder rights, creditors rights (including the rights of secured parties), fiduciary duties and the protection of investors; (viii) different laws and regulations including differences in the legal and regulatory environment or enhanced legal and regulatory compliance; (ix) political hostility to investments by foreign investors; and (x) less publicly available information. Furthermore, while we may have the capacity, but not the obligation, to mitigate such additional risks, including through the utilization of certain foreign exchange hedging instruments, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in mitigating such risks and in turn may introduce additional risks and expenses linked to such efforts. RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENTS IN REAL ESTATE-RELATED DEBT AND SECURITIES The mortgage loans in which we invest, either directly or indirectly through real estate-related debt securities, will be subject to the risk of delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could result in losses to us. Commercial mortgage loans are secured by commercial property and are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by a property typically is dependent primarily upon the successful operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: customer mix, success of customer businesses, property management decisions, property location and condition, competition from comparable types of properties, changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged, any need to address environmental contamination at the property, the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property, changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments, current and potential future capital markets uncertainty, declines in regional or local real estate values, declines in regional or local rental or occupancy 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 rates, increases in interest rates, real estate tax rates and other operating expenses, changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental legislation, natural disasters, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations, and results from operations and limit amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial adverse effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. In addition, if we foreclose on a particular property, we could become, as owner of the property, subject to liabilities associated with such property, including liabilities related to taxes and environmental matters. We may make open market purchases or invest in traded securities. Although not anticipated to be a large component of our investment strategy, we have the ability to invest in securities that are traded (publicly or through other active markets (including through private transactions)) and are, therefore, subject to the risks inherent in investing in traded securities. When investing in traded securities, we may be unable to obtain financial covenants or other contractual governance rights, including management rights that it might otherwise be able to obtain in making privately negotiated investments. Moreover, we may not have the same access to information in connection with investments in traded securities, either when investigating a potential investment or after making the investment, as compared to privately negotiated investments. Furthermore, we may be limited in our ability to make investments, and to sell existing investments, in traded securities because Ares may be deemed to have material, non-public information regarding the issuers of those securities or as a result of other internal policies or requirements. The inability to sell traded securities in these circumstances could materially adversely affect the investment results. In addition, securities acquired of a public company may, depending on the circumstances and securities laws of the relevant jurisdiction, be subject to lock-up periods. The preferred equity, mezzanine loans and B-notes in which we invest involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing real properties. We have and may continue to invest in preferred equity, mezzanine loans and/or B-notes. Preferred equity is unsecured, while mezzanine loans and B-notes substantially take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying real property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the real property or the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the real property. These types of investments involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage loans secured by income-producing real property because the investment may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our preferred equity, mezzanine loan or B-note in whole or in part. In addition, there may be significant delays and costs associated with the process of foreclosing on collateral securing or supporting mezzanine loans and B-notes. If a borrower defaults on a mezzanine loan, B-note or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan or B-note will be satisfied only after the senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our investment. In addition, mezzanine loans or B-notes may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the real property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. Further, even if we are successful in foreclosing on the equity interests serving as collateral for our mezzanine loans or B-notes, such foreclosure will result in us inheriting all of the liabilities of the underlying mortgage borrower, including the senior mortgage on the applicable property. This may result in both increased costs to us and a negative impact on our overall debt covenants and occupancy levels. In many cases a significant restructuring of the senior mortgage may be required in order for us to be willing to retain longer term ownership of the property. If we are unsuccessful in restructuring the underlying mortgage debt in these scenarios, the mortgage lender ultimately may foreclose on the property causing us to lose any remaining investment. A portion of our debt-related investments may be considered illiquid, and we may not be able to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions. Certain of the debt-related investments that we have purchased or may purchase in the future in connection with privately negotiated transactions are not or may not be registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting in a prohibition against their transfer, sale, 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 pledge or other disposition except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration requirements of, or is otherwise effected in accordance with, those laws. As a result, our ability to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be limited. In addition, certain of our registered securities may not be as liquid as when originally purchased. Bridge loans may involve a greater risk of loss than conventional mortgage loans. We may provide bridge loans secured by first lien mortgages on properties to borrowers who are typically seeking short-term capital to be used in an acquisition, development or refinancing of real estate. The borrower may have identified an undervalued asset that has been undermanaged or is located in a recovering market. If the market in which the asset is located fails to recover according to the borrower s projections, or if the borrower fails to improve the quality of the asset s management or the value of the asset, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy the bridge loan, and we may not recover some or all of our investment. In addition, owners usually borrow funds under a conventional mortgage loan to repay a bridge loan. We may, therefore, be dependent on a borrower s ability to obtain permanent financing to repay our bridge loan, which could depend on market conditions and other factors. Bridge loans, like other loans secured directly or indirectly by property, are subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud, losses and special hazard losses that are not covered by standard hazard insurance. In the event of any default under bridge loans held by us, we bear the risk of loss of principal and nonpayment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the mortgage collateral and the principal amount of the bridge loan. Any such losses with respect to our investments in bridge loans could have an adverse effect on our NAV, results of operations and financial condition. Interest rate and related risks may cause the value of our real estate-related securities investments to be reduced. Interest rate risk includes the risk that fixed-income securities such as preferred and debt securities, and to a lesser extent dividend paying common stocks, will decline in value because of changes in market interest rates. Generally, when market interest rates rise, the market value of such securities will decline, and vice versa. In addition, during periods of rising interest rates, the average life of certain types of securities may be extended because of slower than expected principal payments. This may result in a below-market interest rate, an increase in the security s duration, and a reduction in the value of the security. This is known as extension risk. During periods of declining interest rates, an issuer may be able to exercise an option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled, which is generally known as call or prepayment risk. If this occurs, we may be forced to reinvest in lower yielding securities. This is known as reinvestment risk. Preferred and debt securities frequently have call features that allow the issuer to repurchase the security prior to its stated maturity. An issuer may redeem an obligation if the issuer can refinance the debt at a lower cost due to declining interest rates or an improvement in the credit standing of the issuer. To the extent we invest in real estate-related securities going forward, these risks may reduce the value of such investments. Further, there is a risk that income from our portfolio will decline if we invest the proceeds from matured, traded or called securities at market interest rates that are below our real estate debt portfolio s current earnings rate. A decline in income could affect the NAV of our shares or their overall returns. Investments in real estate-related securities are subject to specific risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities and may be subject to the general risks of investing in subordinated real estate-related securities. We have and may continue to invest in real estate-related securities and our investments may consist of real estate-related common equity, preferred equity and debt securities of both publicly traded and private real estate companies. Our investments in such real estate-related securities will involve special risks relating to the particular issuer of the securities, including the financial condition and business outlook of the issuer. Issuers of real estate-related securities generally invest in real estate or real estate-related assets and are subject to the inherent risks associated with real estate-related debt investments discussed in this section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The value of real estate-related securities, including those of publicly listed REITs, fluctuates with general economic conditions. See Debt-oriented real estate investments face a number of general market-related risks that can affect the creditworthiness of issuers, and modifications to certain loan structures and market terms make it more difficult to monitor and evaluate investments. Real estate-related securities may be unsecured and subordinated to other obligations of the issuer. As a result, investments in real estate-related securities are subject to risks of (i) limited liquidity in the secondary trading, (ii) substantial market price volatility, (iii) subordination to prior claims of banks and other senior lenders of the issuer and preferred equity holders, (iv) the operation of mandatory sinking fund or call/redemption provisions during periods of declining interest rates that could cause the issuer to reinvest redemption proceeds in lower yielding assets, (v) the possibility that earnings of the issuer may be insufficient to meet its debt service 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 and distribution obligations and (vi) the declining creditworthiness and potential for insolvency of the issuer during periods of rising interest rates and economic downturn. These risks may adversely affect the value of outstanding real estate-related securities and the ability of the issuers thereof to pay dividends. Investments in structured products or similar products may include structural, legal and liquidity risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may invest from time to time in structured products, including pools of mortgages, inclusive of commercial mortgage backed securities CMBS secured by loans made to multiple entities and/or single asset single borrower SASB loans, as well as commercial real estate collateralized loan obligations CRE CLOs and other real estate-related interests. Our investments in structured products are subject to a number of risks, including risks related to the fact that the structured products may be leveraged, and other structural and legal risks related thereto. Utilization of leverage is a speculative investment technique and will generally magnify the opportunities for gain and risk of loss borne by an investor investing in debt securities. Many structured products contain covenants designed to protect the providers of debt financing to such structured products. A failure to satisfy those covenants could result in the untimely liquidation of the structured product and a complete loss of our investment therein. In addition, if the particular structured product is invested in a security in which we are also separately invested, this would tend to increase our overall exposure to the credit of the issuer of such securities, at least on an absolute, if not on a relative basis. The value of an investment in a structured product will depend on the investment performance of the assets in which the structured product invests and will, therefore be subject to all of the risks associated with an investment in those assets. These risks include the possibility of a default by, or bankruptcy of, the issuers of such assets or a claim that the pledging of collateral to secure any such asset constituted a fraudulent conveyance or preferential transfer that can be subordinated to the rights of other creditors of the issuer of such asset or nullified under applicable law. The credit markets, including the CMBS market, have periodically experienced decreased liquidity on the primary and secondary markets during periods of increased market volatility. Such market conditions could re-occur and could impact the valuations of our investments and impair our ability to sell such investments if we were required to liquidate all or a portion of our CMBS investments quickly. Additionally, certain of our securities investments, such as horizontal or other risk retention investments in CMBS, may have certain holding period and other restrictions that limit our ability to sell such investments. Debt-oriented real estate investments face a number of general market-related risks that can affect the creditworthiness of issuers, and modifications to certain loan structures and market terms make it more difficult to monitor and evaluate investments. Any deterioration of real estate fundamentals generally, and in the United States in particular, could negatively impact our performance by making it more difficult for issuers to satisfy their debt payment obligations, increasing the default risk applicable to issuers, and/or making it relatively more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Changes in general economic conditions will affect the creditworthiness of issuers and/or real estate collateral relating to our investments and may include economic and/or market fluctuations, changes in environmental and zoning laws, casualty or condemnation losses, regulatory limitations on rents, decreases in property values, changes in the appeal of properties to tenants, changes in supply and demand for competing properties in an area (as a result, for instance, of overbuilding), fluctuations in real estate fundamentals, the financial resources of tenants, changes in availability of debt financing which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, changes in building, environmental and other laws, energy and supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, political events, trade barriers, currency exchange controls, changes in government regulations, changes in real property tax rates and operating expenses, changes in interest rates, changes in the availability of debt financing and/or mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, outbreaks of an infectious disease, epidemics/pandemics or other serious public health concerns, negative developments in the economy or political climate that depress travel activity, environmental liabilities, contingent liabilities on disposition of assets, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, war, demand and/or real estate values generally. Such changes may develop rapidly and it may be difficult to determine the comprehensive impact of such changes on our investments, particularly for investments that may have inherently limited liquidity. These changes may also create significant volatility in the markets for our investments which could cause rapid and large fluctuations in the values of such investments. There can be no assurance that there will be a ready market for the resale of our debt investments because such investments may not be liquid. Illiquidity may result from the absence of an established market for the investments, as well as legal or contractual restrictions on their resale by us. The value of securities of companies which service the real estate business sector may also be affected by such risks. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 We cannot predict whether economic conditions generally, and the conditions for real estate debt investing in particular, will deteriorate in the future. Declines in the performance of the U.S. and global economies or in the real estate debt markets could have a material adverse effect on our investment activities. In addition, market conditions relating to real estate debt investments have evolved since the financial crisis, which has resulted in a modification to certain loan structures and market terms. For example, it has become increasingly difficult for real estate debt investors in certain circumstances to receive full transparency with respect to underlying investments because transactions are often effectuated on an indirect basis through pools or conduit vehicles rather than directly with the borrower. These and other similar changes in loan structures or market terms may make it more difficult for us to monitor and evaluate investments. Political changes may affect the real estate debt markets. The current regulatory environment in the United States may be impacted by future legislative developments and the regulatory agenda of the then-current U.S. President. The outcome of congressional and other elections creates uncertainty with respect to legal, tax and regulatory regimes in which we and our investments will operate. Any significant changes in, among other things, economic policy (including with respect to interest rates and foreign trade), the regulation of the investment management industry, tax law, immigration policy and/or government entitlement programs could have a material adverse impact on us and our investments. Some of our securities investments may become distressed, which securities would have a high risk of default and may be illiquid. While it is generally anticipated that our real estate-related investments will focus primarily on investments in non-distressed real estate-related interests (based on our belief that there is not a low likelihood of repayment), our investments may become distressed following our acquisition thereof. Additionally, we may invest in real estate debt investments that we believe are available to purchase at discounted rates or undervalued prices. Purchasing real estate debt at what may appear to be undervalued or discounted levels is no guarantee that these investments will generate attractive returns to us or will not be subject to further reductions in value. There is no assurance that such investments can be acquired at favorable prices, that such investments will not default, or that the market for such interests will improve. In addition, the market conditions for real estate debt investments may deteriorate further, which could have an adverse effect on the performance of our investments. During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. Securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers are less liquid and more volatile than securities of companies not experiencing financial difficulties. The market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt market movements and the spread between bid and asked prices may be greater than normally expected. Investment in the securities of financially troubled issuers and operationally troubled issuers involves a high degree of credit and market risk. There is no assurance that we will correctly evaluate the value of the assets collateralizing such investments or the prospects for a successful reorganization or similar action. These financial difficulties may never be overcome and may cause issuers to become subject to bankruptcy or other similar administrative proceedings, or may require a substantial amount of workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, an extension of the term, a substantial reduction in the interest rate, a substantial write down of the principal of such investment and other concessions which could adversely affect our returns on the investment. There is a possibility that we may incur substantial or total losses on our investments and in certain circumstances, subject us to certain additional potential liabilities that may exceed the value of our original investment therein. For example, under certain circumstances, a lender who has inappropriately exercised control over the management and policies of a debtor may have its claims subordinated or disallowed or may be found liable for damages suffered by parties as a result of such actions. In any reorganization or liquidation proceeding relating to our investments, we may lose our entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than our original investment and/or may be required to accept different terms, including payment over an extended period of time. In addition, under certain circumstances payments to us may be reclaimed if any such payment or distribution is later determined to have been a fraudulent conveyance, preferential payment, or similar transactions under applicable bankruptcy and insolvency laws. Furthermore, bankruptcy laws and similar laws applicable to administrative proceedings may delay our ability to realize on collateral for loan positions we held, or may adversely affect the economic terms and 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 priority of such loans through doctrines such as equitable subordination or may result in a restructure of the debt through principles such as the cramdown provisions of the bankruptcy laws. However, even if a restructuring were successfully accomplished, a risk exists that, upon maturity of such investment, replacement takeout financing will not be available, resulting in an inability by the issuer to repay the investment. Although unlikely, it is possible it may be necessary or desirable to foreclose on collateral securing one or more real estate debt we acquire. The foreclosure process varies jurisdiction by jurisdiction and can be lengthy and expensive. Issuers often resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against the holder of a real estate loan, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when such assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action, which often prolongs and complicates an already difficult and time consuming process. In some states or other jurisdictions, foreclosure actions can take up to several years or more to conclude. During the foreclosure proceedings, an issuer may have the ability to file for bankruptcy, potentially staying the foreclosure action and further delaying the foreclosure process. Foreclosure litigation tends to create a negative public image of the collateral property and may result in disrupting ongoing leasing, management, development and other operations of the property. In the event we foreclose on an investment, we will be subject to the risks associated with owning and operating real estate. Certain risks associated with CMBS may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We invest a portion of our assets in pools or tranches of CMBS, which may include horizontal and other risk retention investments. The collateral underlying CMBS generally consists of commercial mortgages on real property that has an industrial use. CMBS have been issued in a variety of issuances, with varying structures including senior and subordinated classes. Mortgage-backed securities may also have structural characteristics that distinguish them from other securities. The interest rate payable on these types of securities may be set or effectively capped at the weighted average net coupon of the underlying assets themselves. As a result of this cap, the return to investors in such a security would be dependent on the relevant timing and rate of delinquencies and prepayments of mortgage loans bearing a higher rate of interest. In general, early prepayments will have a greater impact on the yield to investors. Federal and state law may also affect the return to investors by capping the interest rates payable by certain mortgagors. Certain mortgage-backed securities may provide for the payment of only interest for a stated period of time. In addition, in a bankruptcy or similar proceeding involving the originator or the servicer of the CMBS (often the same entity or an affiliate), the assets of the issuer of such securities could be treated as never having been truly sold to the originator to the issuer and could be substantively consolidated with those of the originator, or the transfer of such assets to the issuer could be voided as a fraudulent transfer. The credit markets, including the CMBS market, have periodically experienced decreased liquidity on the primary and secondary markets during periods of market volatility. Such market conditions could re-occur and would impact the valuations of our investments and impair our ability to sell such investments if we were required to liquidate all or a portion of our CMBS investments quickly. Additionally, certain of our securities investments, such as horizontal or other risk retention investments in CMBS, may have certain holding period and other restrictions that limit our ability to sell such investments. Concentrated CMBS investments may pose specific risks that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Default risks with respect to CMBS investments may be further pronounced in the case of single-issuer CMBS or CMBS secured by a small or less diverse collateral pool, such as SASB loans. At any one time, a portfolio of CMBS may be backed by commercial mortgage loans disproportionately secured by properties in only a few states, regions or foreign countries. As a result, such investments may be more susceptible to geographic risks relating to such areas, including adverse economic conditions, declining home values, adverse events affecting industries located in such areas and other factors beyond our control relative to investments in multi-issuer CMBS or a pool of mortgage loans having more diverse property locations. The quality of the CMBS is dependent on the credit quality and selection of the mortgages for each issuance. CMBS are also affected by the quality of the credit extended. As a result, the quality of the CMBS is dependent upon the selection of the commercial mortgages for each issuance and the cash flow generated by the commercial real estate assets, as well as the relative 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 diversification of the collateral pool underlying such CMBS and other factors such as adverse selection within a particular tranche or issuance. Our CMBS investments face risks associated with extensions that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our CMBS and other investments may be subject to extension, resulting in the term of the securities being longer than expected. Extensions are affected by a number of factors, including the general availability of financing in the market, the value of the related mortgaged property, the borrower s equity in the mortgaged property, the financial circumstances of the borrower, fluctuations in the business operated by the borrower on the mortgaged property, competition, general economic conditions and other factors. Such extensions may also be made without our consent. There are certain risks associated with the servicers of commercial real estate loans underlying CMBS and other investments. The exercise of remedies and successful realization of liquidation proceeds relating to commercial real estate loans underlying CMBS and other investments may be highly dependent on the performance of the servicer or special servicer. The servicer may not be appropriately staffed or compensated to immediately address issues or concerns with the underlying loans. Such servicers may exit the business and need to be replaced, which could have a negative impact on the portfolio due to lack of focus during a transition. Special servicers frequently are affiliated with investors who have purchased the most subordinate bond classes, and certain servicing actions, such as a loan extension instead of forcing a borrower pay off, may benefit the subordinate bond classes more so than the senior bonds. While servicers are obligated to service the portfolio subject to a servicing standard and maximize the present value of the loans for all bond classes, servicers with an affiliate investment in the CMBS or other investments may have a conflict of interest. There may be a limited number of special servicers available, particularly those which do not have conflicts of interest. In addition, to the extent any such servicers fail to effectively perform their obligations pursuant to the applicable servicing agreements, such failure may adversely affect our investments. There are certain risks associated with CMBS interest shortfalls. Our CMBS investments may be subject to interest shortfalls due to interest collected from the underlying loans not being sufficient to pay accrued interest to all of the MBS interest holders. Interest shortfalls to the CMBS trust will occur when the servicer does not advance full interest payments on defaulted loans. The servicer in a CMBS trust is required to advance monthly principal and interest payments due on a delinquent loan. Once a loan is delinquent for a period of time (generally 60 days), the servicer is required to obtain a new appraisal to determine the value of the property securing the loan. The servicer is only required to advance interest based on the lesser of the loan amount or 90 , generally, of the appraised value. Interest shortfalls occur when 90 , generally, of the appraised value is less than the loan amount and the servicer does not advance interest on the full loan amount. The resulting interest shortfalls impact interest payments on the most junior class in the trust first. As interest shortfalls increase, more senior classes may be impacted. Over time, senior classes may be reimbursed for accumulated shortfalls if the delinquent loans are resolved, but there is no guarantee that shortfalls will be collected. Interest shortfalls to the CMBS trust may also occur as a result of accumulated advances and expenses on defaulted loans. When a defaulted loan or foreclosed property is liquidated, the servicer will be reimbursed for accumulated advances and expenses prior to payments to CMBS bond holders. If proceeds are insufficient to reimburse the servicer or if a defaulted loan is modified and not foreclosed, the servicer is able to make a claim on interest payments that is senior to the bond holders to cover accumulated advances and expenses. If the claim is greater than interest collected on the loans, interest shortfalls could impact one or more bond classes in a CMBS trust until the servicer s claim is satisfied. There are certain risks associated with the insolvency of obligations backing CMBS and other investments. The real estate loans backing the CMBS and other investments may be subject to various laws enacted in the jurisdiction or state of the borrower for the protection of creditors. If an unpaid creditor files a lawsuit seeking payment, the court may invalidate all or part of the borrower s debt as a fraudulent conveyance, subordinate such indebtedness to existing or future creditors of the borrower or recover amounts previously paid by the borrower in satisfaction of such indebtedness, based on certain tests for borrower insolvency and other facts and circumstances, which may vary by jurisdiction. There can be no assurance as to what standard a court would apply in order to determine whether the borrower was insolvent after giving effect to the incurrence of the indebtedness constituting the mortgage backing the CMBS and other investments, or that regardless of the method of valuation, a court would not determine that the borrower was insolvent after giving effect to such incurrence. In addition, in the event of the insolvency of a borrower, payments 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 made on such mortgage loans could be subject to avoidance as a preference if made within a certain period of time (which may be as long as one year and one day) before insolvency. We will face risks related to our investments in CRE CLOs. We may also invest from time to time in CRE CLOs. A CLO is a trust typically collateralized by a pool of loans, which may include, among others, domestic and foreign senior secured loans, senior unsecured loans and subordinate corporate loans, including loans that may be rated below investment grade or equivalent unrated loans. CLOs may charge a management fee and administrative expenses. For CLOs, the cash flows from the trust are split into two or more portions, called tranches, varying in risk and yield. The riskiest portion is the equity tranche which bears the bulk of defaults from the bonds or loans in the trust and serves to protect the other, more senior tranches from default in all but the most severe circumstances. Since it is partially protected from defaults, a senior tranche from a CLO trust typically has higher ratings and lower yields than the underlying securities, and can be rated investment grade. Despite the protection from the equity tranche, CLO tranches can experience substantial losses due to actual defaults, increased sensitivity to defaults due to collateral default and disappearance of protecting tranches, market anticipation of defaults and aversion to CLO securities as a class. Normally, CLOs are privately offered and sold, and thus are not registered under the securities laws. As a result, certain investments in CLOs may be characterized as illiquid securities and volatility in CLO trading markets may cause the value of these investments to decline. Moreover, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for such securities, we may incur significant losses. Also, with respect to the CRE CLOs in which we may invest, control over the related underlying loans will be exercised through a special servicer or collateral manager designated by a directing certificate holder or a controlling class representative, or otherwise pursuant to the related securitization documents. We may acquire classes of CRE CLOs for which we may not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder or otherwise direct the special servicing or collateral management. With respect to the management and servicing of those loans, the related special servicer or collateral manager may take actions that could adversely affect our interests. In addition to the risks associated with debt instruments (e.g., interest rate risk and credit risk), CLOs carry additional risks including, but not limited to: (i) the possibility that distributions from collateral securities will not be adequate to make interest or other payments; (ii) the quality of the collateral may decline in value or default; (iii) the possibility that we may invest in CRE CLOs that are subordinate to other classes; and (iv) the complex structure of the security may not be fully understood at the time of investment and may produce disputes with the issuer or unexpected investment results. We will face spread widening risk related to our investment in securities. For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market forces), the market spreads of the securities in which we invest may increase substantially causing the securities prices to fall. It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such spread widening risk. The perceived discount in pricing described under Some of our securities investments may become distressed, which securities would have ahigh risk of default and may be illiquid. may still not reflect the true value of the real estate assets underlying such real estate debt in which we may invest, and therefore further deterioration in value with respect thereto may occur following our investment therein. In addition, mark-to-market accounting of our investments will have an interim effect on the reported value prior to realization of an investment. Absent our ability to rely upon available guidance from the CFTC that we are not a commodity pool, we, our board of directors or our Adviser, would be subject to additional regulation and required to comply with applicable CFTC disclosure, reporting, and record-keeping requirements. Registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC as a commodity pool operator or any change in our operations (including, without limitation, any change that causes us to be subject to certain specified covered statutory disqualifications) necessary to maintain our ability to rely upon CFTC Letter No. 12-13 or other exclusion from the definition of, or exemption from the requirement to register as, a commodity pool operator with the CFTC could adversely affect our ability to implement our investment program, conduct our operations or achieve our objectives and subject us to certain additional costs, expenses and administrative burdens. Furthermore, any determination by us to cease or to limit trading in interests that may be treated as commodity interests in order to comply with the regulations of the CFTC may have an adverse effect on our ability to implement our investment objectives and to hedge risks associated with our operations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 We may make investments in non-U.S. dollar denominated securities, which will be subject to currency rate exposure and risks associated with the uncertainty of foreign laws and markets. Some of our real estate-related securities investments may be denominated in foreign currencies, and therefore, we expect to have currency risk exposure to any such foreign currencies. A change in foreign currency exchange rates may have an adverse impact on returns on our non-U.S. dollar denominated investments. Although we may hedge our foreign currency risk subject to the REIT income qualification tests, we may not be able to do so successfully and may incur losses on these investments as a result of exchange rate fluctuations. To the extent that we invest in non-U.S. dollar denominated securities, in addition to risks inherent in the investment in securities generally discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will also be subject to risks associated with the uncertainty of foreign laws and markets including, but not limited to, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, political and economic instability in certain geographic locations, difficulties in managing international operations, currency exchange controls, potentially adverse tax consequences, additional accounting and control expenses and the administrative burden of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws. Investments in real estate-related debt securities are subject to risks including various creditor risks and early redemption features which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The debt securities and other interests in which we may invest may include secured or unsecured debt at various levels of an issuer s capital structure. The debt securities in which we may invest may not be protected by financial covenants or limitations upon additional indebtedness, may be illiquid or have limited liquidity, and may not be rated by a credit rating agency. Debt securities are also subject to other creditor risks, including (i) the possible invalidation of an investment transaction as a fraudulent conveyance under relevant creditors rights laws, (ii) so-called lender liability claims by the issuer of the obligation and (iii) environmental liabilities that may arise with respect to collateral securing the obligations. Our investments may be subject to early redemption features, refinancing options, prepayment options or similar provisions which, in each case, could result in the issuer repaying the principal on an obligation held by us earlier than expected, resulting in a lower return to us than anticipated or reinvesting in a new obligation at a lower return to us. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH DEBT FINANCING We incur mortgage indebtedness and other borrowings, which may increase our business risks, and could hinder our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We have financed and may continue to finance a portion of the purchase price of certain of our investments by borrowing funds. As of December 31, 2022, our leverage ratio is approximately 31.8 and is calculated as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures) . Our current leverage target is between 40-60 . Although we will generally work to maintain our targeted leverage ratio, there are no assurances that we will maintain the targeted range disclosed above or achieve any other leverage ratio that we may target in the future. Our board of directors may from time to time modify our borrowing policy in light of then-current economic conditions, the relative costs of debt and equity capital, the fair values of our properties, general conditions in the market for debt and equity securities, growth and acquisition opportunities or other factors. Under our charter, we have a limitation on borrowing that precludes us from borrowing in excess of 300 of the value of our net assets unless approved by a majority of the independent directors and disclosed to stockholders in our next quarterly report along with justification for the excess. Net assets for purposes of this calculation are defined to be our total assets (other than intangibles), valued at cost prior to deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves, less total liabilities. Generally speaking, the preceding calculation is expected to approximate 75 of the aggregate cost of our real properties and debt-related investments before non-cash reserves and depreciation. In addition, we have incurred and may continue to incur mortgage debt secured by some or all of our real properties to obtain funds to acquire additional real properties or for working capital. We may also borrow funds to satisfy the REIT tax qualification requirement that we distribute at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income to our stockholders. Furthermore, we may borrow funds if we otherwise deem it necessary or advisable to ensure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. High debt levels would generally cause us to incur higher interest charges, and could result in higher debt service payments and could be accompanied by restrictive covenants. If there is a shortfall between the cash flow from a property and the cash flow needed to 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 service mortgage debt on that property, then the amount available for distributions to our stockholders may be reduced. In addition, incurring mortgage debt increases the risk of loss of a property since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in lenders initiating foreclosure action. In that case, we could lose the property securing the loan that is in default or be forced to sell the property at an inopportune time, thus reducing the value of our investments. For tax purposes, a foreclosure on any of our properties will be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we will recognize taxable income on foreclosure, but we would not receive any cash proceeds. We and the Operating Partnership have historically given certain full, partial or limited guarantees, and may continue to give full, partial or limited guarantees in the future, to lenders of mortgage debt on behalf of the entities that own our properties. When we give a guarantee on behalf of an entity that owns one of our properties, we are responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by such entity. If any mortgage contains cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, a default on a single property could affect multiple properties. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, our NAV, liquidity and ability to pay cash distributions to our stockholders may be adversely affected. Increases in interest rates could increase the amount of our debt service payments and therefore adversely impact our operating results. As of December 31, 2022, our variable rate debt represented approximately 36.5 of our total debt. To the extent we do not have derivative instruments to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates and/or do not have fixed rate debt, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which would reduce our cash flows and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. In addition, from time to time we may finance or refinance our investments, or obtain new interest rate hedges in a rising interest rate environment. Accordingly, increases in interest rates could increase our interest and/or hedging expense, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow from operating activities and our ability to make distributions. In addition, if rising interest rates cause us to need additional capital to repay indebtedness in accordance with its terms or otherwise, we may need to liquidate one or more of our investments at times that may not permit realization of the maximum return on these investments. Our derivative instruments used to hedge against interest rate fluctuations may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates and could reduce the overall returns on our investments. We utilize derivative instruments to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates on certain of our loans secured by our real properties, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. We may use derivative instruments, such as forward starting swaps, to hedge interest rate risks associated with debt incurrences that we anticipate may occur. However, if we fail to accurately forecast such debt incurrences we will be subject to interest rate risk without successfully hedging the underlying transaction. Furthermore, the use of derivative instruments may cause us to forgo the benefits of otherwise favorable fluctuations in interest rates, since derivative instruments may prevent us from realizing the full benefits of lower borrowing costs in an environment of declining interest rates. In addition, derivative instruments may not mitigate all of the risk associated with fluctuations in borrowing costs. Derivative instruments are generally used to hedge fluctuations in benchmark interest rates, such as London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and U.S. treasury security-based interest rates. However, there are other components of borrowing costs that may comprise the spread that lenders apply to the benchmark interest rates. The spread that lenders apply to benchmark interest rates when making loans may fluctuate from time to time. Fluctuations in the spread may be attributable to volatility in the credit markets or borrower-specific credit risk. When we enter into derivative instruments in anticipation of certain debt incurrences, such derivative instruments do not mitigate the risks of fluctuations in spread which could exacerbate the risks described above. We cannot assure our stockholders that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset all of our risk related to interest rate volatility or that our hedging of these risks will not result in losses. These derivative instruments may also generate income that may not be treated as qualifying REIT income for purposes of the 75 gross income test or the 95 gross income test. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional discussion regarding our derivative instruments and the related impact on our results of operations. We assume the credit risk of our counterparties with respect to derivative transactions. We may enter into derivative contracts for risk management purposes to hedge our exposure to cash flow variability caused by changing interest rates on our future variable rate real estate loans receivable and variable rate notes payable. These derivative contracts generally are entered into with bank counterparties and are not traded on an organized exchange or guaranteed by a central clearing organization. We would therefore assume the credit risk that our counterparties will fail to make periodic payments when due 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 under these contracts or become insolvent. If a counterparty fails to make a required payment, becomes the subject of a bankruptcy case, or otherwise defaults under the applicable contract, we would have the right to terminate all outstanding derivative transactions with that counterparty and settle them based on their net market value or replacement cost. In such an event, we may be required to make a termination payment to the counterparty, or we may have the right to collect a termination payment from such counterparty. We assume the credit risk that the counterparty will not be able to make any termination payment owing to us. We may not receive any collateral from a counterparty, or we may receive collateral that is insufficient to satisfy the counterparty s obligation to make a termination payment. Default by a counterparty may result in the loss of unrealized profits and may force us to enter into a replacement transaction at the then current market price. We assume the risk that our derivative counterparty may terminate transactions early. If we fail to make a required payment or otherwise default under the terms of a derivative contract, the counterparty would have the right to terminate all outstanding derivative transactions between us and that counterparty and settle them based on their net market value or replacement cost. In certain circumstances, the counterparty may have the right to terminate derivative transactions early even if we are not defaulting. If our derivative transactions are terminated early, it may not be possible for us to replace those transactions with another counterparty, on as favorable terms or at all. We may be required to collateralize our derivative transactions. We may be required to secure our obligations to our counterparties under our derivative contracts by pledging collateral to our counterparties. That collateral may be in the form of cash, securities or other assets. If we default under a derivative contract with a counterparty, or if a counterparty otherwise terminates one or more derivative contracts early, that counterparty may apply such collateral toward our obligation to make a termination payment to the counterparty. If we have pledged securities or other assets, the counterparty may liquidate those assets in order to satisfy our obligations. If we are required to post cash or securities as collateral, such cash or securities will not be available for use in our business. Cash or securities pledged to counterparties may be repledged by counterparties and may not be held in segregated accounts. Therefore, in the event of a counterparty insolvency, we may not be entitled to recover some or all collateral pledged to that counterparty, which could result in losses and have an adverse effect on our operations. We may default on our derivative obligations if we default on the indebtedness underlying such obligations. We have agreements with certain of our derivative counterparties that contain a provision where we could be declared in default on our derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to our default on the indebtedness. We also have agreements with certain other derivative counterparties that contain a provision whereby if we default on any of our indebtedness held by the Operating Partnership, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then we could also be declared in default on our derivative obligations. If we are declared in default under the terms of a derivative contract, the counterparty would have the right to terminate all outstanding derivative transactions between us and that counterparty and settle them based on their net market value or replacement cost. We have entered into loan agreements that contain restrictive covenants relating to our operations, which could limit our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. When providing financing, a lender typically imposes restrictions on us that may affect our distribution and operating policies and our ability to incur additional debt. Our loan agreements include restrictions, covenants, customary market carve-outs and/or guarantees by us. Certain financial covenants include tests of our general liquidity and debt servicing capability as well as certain collateral specific performance and valuation ratios. In addition, our loan agreements may contain covenants that limit our ability to further leverage the property, discontinue insurance coverage or replace the Advisor as our advisor. Further, our loan agreements may limit our ability to replace our property managers or terminate certain operating or lease agreements related to the property. These or other limitations may adversely affect our flexibility and our ability to achieve our investment objectives and make distributions to our stockholders. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these covenants in the future, or that if we violate a covenant the lender would be willing to provide a waiver of such covenant. Violation of these covenants could result in the acceleration of maturities under the default provisions of our loan agreements. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 We assume the risk that our credit facility lenders may not honor their commitments to us. We may enter into credit facility arrangements with lenders pursuant to which, subject to certain conditions, they commit to lend us money, provide us with letters of credit or provide other financial services to us. If we fail to comply with the covenants in such arrangements, the lenders could declare us in default, accelerate the maturities of our borrowings and refuse to make loans or provide other financial services to us. Or, if a lender becomes unable or unwilling to honor its commitments to us, we may not receive the loans and other financial services for which we negotiated. In such a situation, a replacement lender may be difficult or impossible to find quickly or at all. If we are unable to receive loans and other financial services, our liquidity and business could be negatively impacted. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, financing arrangements involving balloon payment obligations, which may adversely affect our ability to refinance or sell properties on favorable terms, and to make distributions to our stockholders. Most of our current financing arrangements require us to make a lump-sum or balloon payment at maturity. Our ability to make a balloon payment at maturity will be uncertain and may depend upon our ability to obtain additional financing or our ability to sell a particular property. At the time the balloon payment is due, we may or may not be able to refinance the balloon payment on terms as favorable as the original loan or to sell a particular property at a price sufficient to make the balloon payment. The effect of a refinancing or sale could affect the rate of return to our stockholders and the projected time of disposition of our assets. In an environment of increasing interest rates, if we place debt on properties or obtain corporate debt, we run the risk of being unable to refinance such debt if interest rates are higher at the time a balloon payment is due. In addition, payments of principal and interest made to service our debts, including balloon payments, may leave us with insufficient cash to pay the distributions that we are required to pay to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Risks related to variable-rate indebtedness could increase the amount of our debt payments and therefore negatively impact our operating results. Our debt may be subject to the fluctuation of market interest rates such as LIBOR, Prime rate, and other benchmark rates. Should such interest rates increase, our variable rate debt service payments may also increase, reducing cash available for distributions. Furthermore, if we need to refinance existing debt during periods of rising interest rates, we could be required to liquidate one or more of our investments at times given the property may not support the same level of loan proceeds, which may not permit realization of the maximum return on such investments. Additionally, as it relates to any real estate assets that we may own, an increase in interest rates may negatively impact activity in the consumer market and reduce consumer purchases, which could adversely affect us. Furthermore, U.S. and international regulators and law enforcement agencies have conducted investigations into a number of rates or indices which are deemed to be reference rates. Actions by such regulators and law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the manner in which certain reference rates are determined, their discontinuance, or the establishment of alternative reference rates. On March 5, 2021 the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that all LIBOR tenors will cease to be published or will no longer be representative after June 30, 2023. Following such announcement, on the same date, the ICE Benchmark Administration IBA indicated that it would cease publication of such LIBOR tenors immediately after the last publication on June 30, 2023. As a result, we expect that any of our assets or liabilities with interest rates tied to LIBOR that extend beyond June 30, 2023 will need to be converted to a replacement rate. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has advised banks to stop entering into new United States dollar LIBOR-based contracts. The Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large United States financial institutions, recommended replacing United States dollar LIBOR with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR plus a recommended spread adjustment as LIBOR s replacement. As we convert certain of our LIBOR-based assets and liabilities to SOFR, the differences between LIBOR and SOFR, plus the recommended spread adjustment, could result in higher interest costs on our debt or lower return on our investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. RISKS RELATED TO OUR TAXATION AS A REIT Failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect our operations and our ability to make distributions. We have operated and elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2006, and we intend to continue to operate in accordance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT for any taxable year, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at corporate rates. In addition, we would generally be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lose our REIT status. Losing our REIT status would reduce our net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of the additional tax liability. In addition, distributions to stockholders would no longer be deductible in computing our taxable income and we would no longer be required to make distributions. To the extent that distributions had been made in anticipation of our qualifying as a REIT, we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay the applicable corporate income tax. In addition, although we intend to operate in a manner as to qualify as a REIT, it is possible that future economic, market, legal, tax or other considerations may cause our board of directors to determine that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to be qualified as a REIT and recommend that we revoke our REIT election. Failure of the Operating Partnership to be taxable as a partnership could cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT and we could suffer other adverse tax consequences. We believe that the Operating Partnership will continue to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership and not as an association or as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. If the Internal Revenue Service IRS were successfully to determine that the Operating Partnership was properly treated as a corporation, the Operating Partnership would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax at corporate rates on its net income, its partners would be treated as stockholders of the Operating Partnership and distributions to partners would constitute distributions that would not be deductible in computing the Operating Partnership s taxable income. In addition, if the Operating Partnership were treated as a corporation, we could fail to qualify as a REIT, with the resulting consequences described above. To continue to qualify as a REIT, we must meet annual distribution requirements, which may result in us distributing amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations. To maintain the favorable tax treatment accorded to REITs, we normally will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and by excluding net capital gains. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income and net capital gain and to a 4 nondeductible excise tax on any amount by which distributions we pay with respect to any calendar year are less than the sum of (i) 85 of our ordinary income, (ii) 95 of our capital gain net income and (iii) 100 of our undistributed income from prior years. These requirements could cause us to distribute amounts that otherwise would be spent on acquisitions of properties and it is possible that we might be required to borrow funds or sell assets to fund these distributions. Additionally, it is possible that we might not always be able to make distributions sufficient to meet the annual distribution requirements required to maintain our REIT status, avoid corporate tax on undistributed income and/or avoid the 4 excise tax. From time to time, we may generate taxable income greater than our net income, as defined by GAAP, or differences in timing between the recognition of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash may occur. If we do not have other funds available in these situations, we could be required to borrow funds on unfavorable terms, sell investments at disadvantageous prices or distribute amounts that would otherwise be invested in future acquisitions to make distributions sufficient to enable us to pay out enough of our taxable income to satisfy the REIT distribution requirement and to avoid corporate income tax and the 4 excise tax in a particular year. These alternatives could increase our costs or reduce our equity. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to grow, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. Recharacterization of sale-leaseback transactions may cause us to lose our REIT status. We may purchase real properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. If we were to attempt to structure a sale-leaseback transaction such that the lease would be characterized as a true lease that would allow us to be treated as the owner of the property for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we cannot assure our stockholders that the IRS will not challenge such characterization. In the event that any such sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and recharacterized as a financing transaction or loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes, deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property would be disallowed. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so recharacterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT qualification asset tests, income tests, or the distribution requirement and, consequently, lose our REIT status effective with the year of recharacterization. Alternatively, the amount of our REIT taxable income could be recalculated, which might also cause us to fail to meet the distribution requirement for a taxable year in the event we cannot make a sufficient deficiency distribution. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Our stockholders may have current tax liability on distributions if our stockholders elect to reinvest in shares of our common stock. Even if our stockholders participate in our distribution reinvestment plan, our stockholders will be deemed to have received, and for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be taxed on, the amount reinvested in shares of our common stock to the extent the amount reinvested was not a tax-free return of capital. As a result, our stockholders that are not tax-exempt entities may have to use funds from other sources to pay their tax liability on the value of the common stock received. Distributions payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates that apply to other corporate distributions. The current maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for distributions payable by corporations to domestic stockholders that are individuals, trusts or estates is 20 . Distributions payable by REITs, however, generally are taxed at the ordinary income tax rate applicable to the individual recipient, rather than the maximum 20 income tax rate, subject to certain applicable deductions and holding periods. Under current law, however, individuals may be able to deduct 20 of income received as ordinary REIT dividends until 2026, thus reducing the maximum effective U.S. federal income tax rate on such dividend to 29.6 . The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate distributions could cause investors who are individuals to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay distributions, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our common stock. If we were considered to have actually or constructively paid a preferential dividend to certain of our stockholders, our status as a REIT could be adversely affected. For taxable years ending on or before December 31, 2014, in order for distributions to be counted as satisfying the annual distribution requirement for REITs, and to provide us with a REIT-level tax deduction, the distributions must not have been preferential dividends. A dividend is not a preferential dividend if the distribution is (1) pro rata among all outstanding shares within a particular class, and (2) in accordance with the preferences among different classes of shares as set forth in our organizational documents. For the taxable year that began on January 1, 2015 and all subsequent taxable years, so long as we continue to be a publicly offered REIT (i.e., a REIT which is required to file annual and periodic reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act), the preferential dividend rule will not apply to us. In certain circumstances, we may be subject to federal and state income taxes as a REIT, which would reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We may be subject to taxes on our income or property even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including those described below: In order to qualify as a REIT, we are required to distribute annually at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends-paid deduction or net capital gain) to our stockholders. If we satisfy the distribution requirement but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income (and any net capital gain), we will be subject to corporate income tax on the undistributed income. We will be required to pay a 4 nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which the distributions we make to our stockholders in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85 of our ordinary income, 95 of our capital gain net income and 100 of our undistributed income from previous years. If we have net income from the sale of foreclosure property that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or other non-qualifying income from foreclosure property, we will be required to pay a tax on that income at the highest corporate income tax rate. Any gain we recognize on the sale of a property, other than foreclosure property, that we hold primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, could be subject to the 100 prohibited transaction tax unless the sale qualified for a statutory safe harbor that requires, among other things, a two-year holding period for the production of income. 
 Investments in other REITs and real estate partnerships could subject us to the tax risks associated with the tax status of such entities. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 We may invest in the securities of other REITs and real estate partnerships. Such investments are subject to the risk that any such REIT or partnership may fail to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT or a partnership, as the case may be, in any given taxable year. In the case of a REIT, such failure would subject such entity to taxation as a corporation, may require such REIT to incur indebtedness to pay its tax liabilities, may reduce its ability to make distributions to us, and may render it ineligible to elect REIT status prior to the fifth taxable year following the year in which it fails to so qualify. In the case of a partnership, such failure could subject such partnership to an entity level tax and reduce the entity s ability to make distributions to us. In addition, such failures could, depending on the circumstances, jeopardize our ability to qualify as a REIT because we may then own more than 10 of the securities of an issuer that was neither a REIT, a qualified REIT subsidiary nor a taxable REIT subsidiary. Our board of directors is authorized to revoke our REIT election without stockholder approval, which may cause adverse consequences to our stockholders. Our charter authorizes our board of directors to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without the approval of our stockholders, if it determines that it is not in our best interest to qualify as a REIT. In this event, we would become subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate income tax rates on our taxable income and we would no longer be required to distribute most of our net income to our stockholders, which may cause a reduction in the total return to our stockholders. Distributions to tax-exempt investors may be classified as unrelated business taxable income. Neither ordinary nor capital gain distributions with respect to our common stock nor gain from the sale of common stock should generally constitute unrelated business taxable income to a tax-exempt investor. However, there are certain exceptions to this rule. In particular: part of the income and gain recognized by certain qualified employee pension trusts with respect to our common stock may be treated as unrelated business taxable income if shares of our common stock are predominately held by qualified employee pension trusts, we are required to rely on a special look-through rule for purposes of meeting one of the REIT share ownership tests, and we are not operated in a manner to avoid treatment of such income or gain as unrelated business taxable income; part of the income and gain recognized by a tax-exempt investor with respect to our common stock would constitute unrelated business taxable income if the investor incurs debt in order to acquire the common stock; and part or all of the income or gain recognized with respect to our common stock by social clubs, voluntary employee benefit associations, supplemental unemployment benefit trusts and qualified group legal services plans that are exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (9), (17) or (20) of the Code may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. 
 The stock ownership limit imposed by the Code for REITs and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities and stockholders may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our capital stock. To maintain our status as a REIT under the Code, not more than 50 in value of our outstanding stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after our first year in which we qualify as a REIT. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our board of directors to take the actions that are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless an exemption is granted by our board of directors, no person (as defined to include entities) may own more than 9.8 in value of our capital stock or more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our common stock following the completion of our public offerings. In addition, our charter will generally prohibit beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of our capital stock by any person who owns, actually or constructively, an interest in any of our customers that would cause us to own, actually or constructively, more than a 9.9 interest in any of our customers. Our board of directors may grant an exemption in its sole discretion, subject to such conditions, representations and undertakings as it may determine. These ownership limitations in our charter are common in REIT charters and are intended, among other purposes, to assist us in complying with the tax law requirements and to minimize administrative burdens. However, these ownership limits might also delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability to engage in transactions, including certain methods of syndicating and securitizing mortgage loans, that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans that are held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We might be subject to this tax if we were to syndicate, dispose of or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, to avoid the prohibited transactions tax, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of loans at the REIT level and may limit the structures we utilize for our securitization transactions, even though the sales or structures otherwise might be beneficial to us. In addition, the Code provides a safe harbor that, if met, allows us to avoid being treated as engaged in a prohibited transaction. In order to meet the safe harbor, (i) we must have held the property for at least two years (and, in the case of property which consists of land or improvements not acquired through foreclosure, we must have held the property for two years for the production of rental income), (ii) we must not have made aggregate expenditures includible in the basis of the property during the two-year period preceding the date of sale that exceed 30 of the net selling price of the property, and (iii) during the taxable year the property is disposed of, we must not have made more than seven property sales or, alternatively, the aggregate adjusted basis or fair market value of all the properties sold by us during the taxable year must not exceed 10 of the aggregate adjusted basis or 10 of the fair market value, respectively, of all our assets as of the beginning of the taxable year (with the 10 thresholds increased to 20 in certain circumstances). If the seven-sale limitation in (iii) above is not satisfied, substantially all of the marketing and development expenditures with respect to the property must be made through an independent contractor from whom we do not derive or receive any income (or, in certain circumstances, by a taxable REIT subsidiary). We will endeavor to avoid engaging in prohibited transactions or we will attempt to comply with the safe harbor provisions. There is no assurance, however, that we will not engage in prohibited transactions. Our ownership of and relationship with our taxable REIT subsidiaries will be limited and a failure to comply with the limits would jeopardize our REIT status and may result in the application of a 100 excise tax. A REIT may own up to 100 of the stock of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A taxable REIT subsidiary may earn income that would not be qualifying income if earned directly by the parent REIT. Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a taxable REIT subsidiary. A corporation of which a taxable REIT subsidiary directly or indirectly owns more than 35 of the voting power or value of the stock will automatically be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. A domestic taxable REIT subsidiary will pay federal, state and local income tax at regular corporate rates on any income that it earns. In addition, the taxable REIT subsidiary rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a taxable REIT subsidiary to its parent REIT to assure that the taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The rules also impose a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will be able to comply with the 20 value limitation on ownership of taxable REIT subsidiary stock and securities on an ongoing basis so as to maintain REIT status or to avoid application of the 100 excise tax imposed on certain non-arm s length transactions. Recharacterization of transactions under the Operating Partnership s private placements could result in a 100 tax on income from prohibited transactions, which would diminish our cash distributions to our stockholders. The IRS could recharacterize transactions under the Operating Partnership s private placements such that the Operating Partnership could be treated as the bona fide owner, for tax purposes, of properties acquired and resold by the entity established to facilitate the transaction. Such recharacterization could result in the income realized on these transactions by the Operating Partnership being treated as gain on the sale of property that is held as inventory or otherwise held primarily for the sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. In such event, such gain could constitute income from a prohibited transaction and might be subject to a 100 tax. If this occurs, our ability to pay cash distributions to our stockholders will be adversely affected. Legislative or regulatory action could adversely affect investors. At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial and administrative changes have been made to the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to investments in REITs. Although REITs generally receive more favorable tax treatment than entities taxed as regular corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a corporation. Our charter provides our board of directors with the power, under certain circumstances, to revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election and cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, without the vote of our stockholders. Our board of directors has fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders and could only cause such changes in our tax treatment if it determines in good faith that such changes are in the best interest of our stockholders. You are urged to consult with your tax advisor regarding the effect of the potential future changes to the federal tax laws on an investment in our shares of common stock. Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Code. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions for which only limited judicial and administrative authorities exist. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Our continued qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. In addition, our ability to satisfy the requirements to qualify as a REIT depends in part on the actions of third parties over which we have no control or only limited influence, including in cases where we own an equity interest in an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Certain foreign investors may be subject to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act of 1980 FIRPTA on the sale of common shares if we are unable to qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. A foreign person (subject to certain exceptions) disposing of a U.S. real property interest, including shares of a U.S. corporation whose assets consist principally of U.S. real property interests, is generally subject to a tax, known as FIRPTA, on the gain recognized on the disposition. FIRPTA does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a REIT if the REIT is a domestically controlled qualified investment entity (as defined in Section 897(h)(4)(B) of the Code). A domestically controlled qualified investment entity includes a REIT in which, at all times during a specified testing period, less than 50 in value of its shares is held directly or indirectly by non-U.S. holders. We cannot assure our stockholders that we will qualify as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity. If we were to fail to so qualify, gain realized by a foreign investor on a sale of our common stock would potentially be subject to FIRPTA unless our common stock was traded on an established securities market and the foreign investor did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 10 of the value of our outstanding common stock. We do not, however, expect any of our shares to be regularly traded on an established securities market. Regardless of our status as a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, capital gain distributions attributable to a disposition of a U.S. real property interest will generally be subject to tax under FIRPTA in the hands of non-U.S. investors (unless an exception to FIRPTA applies to such investor). Compliance with REIT requirements may force us to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. To qualify as a REIT, at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, government securities and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investments in securities (other than qualified real estate assets and government securities) generally cannot include more than 10 of the voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer unless we and such issuer jointly elect for such issuer to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary under the Code. Additionally, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our assets may be represented by securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries (25 in certain taxable years beginning before December 31, 2017). If we fail to comply with these requirements, we must dispose of a portion of our assets within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter in order to avoid losing our REIT status and suffering adverse tax consequences. In order to satisfy these requirements, we may be forced to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. The failure of a mezzanine loan to qualify as a real estate asset could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. The IRS has provided a safe harbor for mezzanine loans but not rules of substantive law. Pursuant to the safe harbor, if a mezzanine loan meets certain requirements, it will be treated by the IRS as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests, and interest derived from the mezzanine loan will be treated as qualifying mortgage interest for purposes of the REIT 75 gross income test. We 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 may acquire mezzanine loans that do not meet all of the requirements of this safe harbor. In the event we own a mezzanine loan that does not meet the safe harbor, the IRS could challenge such loan s treatment as a real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset and income tests and, if such a challenge were sustained, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. We may enter into certain hedging transactions which may have a potential impact on our REIT status. From time to time, we may enter into hedging transactions with respect to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Our hedging activities may include entering into interest rate and/or foreign currency swaps, caps, and floors, options to purchase these items, and futures and forward contracts. Income and gain from hedging transactions that we enter into to hedge indebtedness incurred or to be incurred to acquire or carry real estate assets and that are clearly and timely identified as such will be excluded from both the numerator and the denominator for purposes of the gross income and asset tests that apply to REITs. Moreover, any income from a transaction entered into primarily to manage risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income that would be qualifying REIT income under the gross income tests, and any gain from the unwinding of any such transaction, does not constitute gross income for purposes of the REIT annual gross income tests. To the extent that we do not properly identify such transactions as hedges or we hedge with other types of financial instruments, or hedge other types of indebtedness, the income from those transactions may not be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests, and might also give rise to an asset that does not qualify for purposes of the REIT asset tests. INVESTMENT COMPANY RISKS Avoiding registration as an investment company imposes limits on our operations, and failure to avoid registration reduces the value of the stockholders investment. We conduct our operations so as not to become regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which we refer to as the Investment Company Act. To do so, we will have to continue to monitor the value of our securities in comparison with the value of our other assets and make sure that the value of our securities does not exceed 40 of the value of all of our assets on an unconsolidated basis. As a result, we may be unable to sell assets we would otherwise want to sell and may be unable to purchase securities we would otherwise want to purchase. If we were obligated to register as an investment company, we would have to comply with a variety of substantive requirements under the Investment Company Act that impose, among other things: limitations on capital structure; restrictions on specified investments; prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; and compliance with reporting, record keeping, voting proxy disclosure and other rules and regulations that would significantly increase our operating expenses. 
 Registration with the SEC as an investment company would be costly, would subject our company to a host of complex regulations and would divert the attention of management from the conduct of our business. Further, if it were established that we were an unregistered investment company, there would be a risk that we would be subject to monetary penalties and injunctive relief in an action brought by the SEC, that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties and that third parties could seek to obtain rescission of transactions undertaken during the period it was established that we were an unregistered investment company. Any such results would be likely to have a material adverse effect on us. RETIREMENT PLAN RISKS If the stockholders fail to meet the fiduciary and other standards under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA or the Code as a result of an investment in our stock, the stockholders could be subject to penalties. There are special considerations that apply to employee benefit plans subject to ERISA (such as profit-sharing, section 401(k) or pension plans) and other retirement plans or accounts subject to Section 4975 of the Code (such as an IRA) or any entity whose assets 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 include such assets (each a Benefit Plan that are investing in our shares. If the stockholders are investing the assets of such a plan or account in our common stock, stockholders should satisfy themselves that: stockholder investment is consistent with their fiduciary and other obligations under ERISA and the Code; stockholder investment is made in accordance with the documents and instruments governing the plan or IRA, including the plan s or account s investment policy; stockholder investment satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements of Sections 404(a)(1)(B) and 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA and other applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; stockholder investment in our shares, for which no trading market may exist, is consistent with the liquidity needs of the plan or IRA; stockholder investment will not produce an unacceptable amount of unrelated business taxable income for the plan or IRA; stockholder will be able to comply with the requirements under ERISA and the Code to value the assets of the plan or IRA annually; and stockholder investment will not constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 With respect to the annual valuation requirements described above, we expect to provide an estimated value of our net assets per share annually to those fiduciaries (including IRA trustees and custodians) who request it. Although this estimate will be based upon determinations of the NAV of our shares in accordance with our valuation procedures, no assurance can be given that such estimated value will satisfy the applicable annual valuation requirements under ERISA and the Code. The Department of Labor or the IRS may determine that a plan fiduciary or a fiduciary acting for an IRA is required to take further steps to determine the value of our common shares. In the absence of an appropriate determination of value, a plan fiduciary or a fiduciary acting for an IRA may be subject to damages, penalties or other sanctions. Failure to satisfy the fiduciary standards of conduct and other applicable requirements of ERISA and the Code may result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, and can subject the fiduciary to claims for damages or for equitable remedies, including liability for investment losses. In addition, if an investment in our shares constitutes a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, the fiduciary or IRA owner who authorized or directed the investment may be subject to the imposition of excise taxes with respect to the amount invested. Additionally, the investment transaction may have to be reversed. In the case of a prohibited transaction involving an IRA owner, the IRA may be disqualified as a tax-exempt account and all of the assets of the IRA may be deemed distributed and subjected to tax. ERISA plan fiduciaries and IRA owners should consult with counsel before making an investment in our shares. If our assets are deemed to be plan assets, the Advisor and we may be exposed to liabilities under Title I of ERISA and the Code. In some circumstances where an ERISA plan holds an interest in an entity, the assets of the entity are deemed to be ERISA plan assets unless an exception applies. This is known as the look-through rule. Under those circumstances, the obligations and other responsibilities of plan sponsors, plan fiduciaries and plan administrators, and of parties in interest and disqualified persons, under Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as applicable, may be applicable, and there may be liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Code. We believe that our assets should not be treated as plan assets because the shares should qualify as publicly-offered securities that are exempt from the look-through rules under applicable Treasury Regulations. We note, however, that because certain limitations are imposed upon the transferability of shares so that we may qualify as a REIT, and perhaps for other reasons, it is possible that this exemption may not apply. If that is the case, and if the Advisor or we are exposed to liability under ERISA or the Code or we are required to alter our operations to comply with ERISA or the Code, our performance and results of operations could be adversely affected. Prior to making an investment in us, stockholders should consult with their legal and other advisors concerning the impact of ERISA and the Code on stockholder investment and our performance. We do not intend to provide investment advice to any potential investor for a fee. However, we, the Advisor, and our respective affiliates receive certain fees and other consideration disclosed herein in connection with an investment. If it were determined we provided a Benefit Plan investor with investment advice for a fee, or if our assets are not exempt from the look-through rules, it could 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 give rise to a determination that we constitute an investment advice fiduciary under ERISA and/or that our fee arrangements or operations are in violation of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. Such a determination could give rise to claims that our fee arrangements constitute non-exempt prohibited transactions under ERISA or the Code and/or claims that we have breached a fiduciary duty to a Benefit Plan investor. Adverse determinations with respect to ERISA fiduciary status or non-exempt prohibited transactions could result in significant civil penalties and excise taxes. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated real property portfolio consisted of 90 properties, totaling approximately 18.5 million square feet located in 33 markets throughout the U.S. We also owned 156 properties through our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, these unconsolidated properties are excluded from the presentation of our portfolio data herein. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for detail relating to our 2022 acquisition and disposition activity and Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for detail relating to our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships. Unless otherwise indicated, the term fair value of our real estate investments as used herein refers to the fair value as determined pursuant to our valuation procedures. As used herein, the term commercial refers to our office, retail and industrial properties or customers, as applicable. Portfolio Overview. We currently operate in four reportable segments: office, retail, residential, and industrial. The following table summarizes our real property portfolio by segment as of December 31, 2022: 

Average of Total Effective Annual of and square feet in thousands, Number of Number of Rentable Rentable Base Rent per Aggregate Aggregate except for per square foot data) Markets (1) Real Properties Square Feet Square Feet Square Foot (2) Leased Fair Value Fair Value Office properties 7 8 1,576 8.5 34.94 75.6 610,850 13.2 Retail properties 8 18 2,422 13.1 19.88 95.3 740,400 16.0 Residential properties 8 14 4,205 22.7 27.11 94.4 1,685,000 36.3 Industrial properties 28 50 10,314 55.7 5.90 99.7 1,603,500 34.5 Total real property portfolio 33 90 18,517 100.0 14.41 95.9 4,639,750 100.0 

 (1) Reflects the number of unique markets by segment and in total. As such, the total number of markets does not equal the sum of the number of markets by segment as certain segments are located in the same market. (2) Amount calculated as total annualized base rent, which includes the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease, divided by total lease square footage as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Market Diversification. The following table summarizes certain operating metrics of our real property portfolio by market and by segment as of December 31, 2022: 

of Gross of Total Number of Investment in Investment Rentable Rentable Leased and square feet in thousands) Properties Real Estate Properties Amount Square Feet Square Feet (1) Office properties: Austin, TX 1 80,241 1.9 274 1.5 95.6 Dallas, TX 1 44,708 1.1 166 0.9 92.8 D.C. / Baltimore 1 78,943 1.9 131 0.7 48.9 Metro New York 1 258,953 6.3 601 3.2 78.7 Minneapolis / St. Paul, MN 1 30,665 0.7 107 0.6 100.0 New Jersey 2 46,524 1.1 123 0.7 100.0 Pennsylvania 1 52,167 1.2 174 0.9 4.0 Total office properties 8 592,201 14.2 1,576 8.5 75.6 Retail properties: Atlanta, GA 1 56,214 1.3 328 1.8 95.9 Birmingham, AL 1 44,275 1.1 193 1.0 91.3 D.C. / Baltimore 1 67,356 1.6 233 1.3 100.0 Greater Boston 10 268,596 6.4 1,010 5.5 94.4 New Jersey 1 65,960 1.6 226 1.2 93.2 Raleigh, NC 1 44,540 1.1 125 0.7 100.0 South Florida 2 108,818 2.6 206 1.1 95.8 Tulsa, OK 1 35,996 0.9 101 0.5 97.0 Total retail properties 18 691,755 16.6 2,422 13.1 95.3 Residential properties: Atlanta, GA 1 117,646 2.8 356 1.9 94.5 Central Florida 3 435,692 10.5 958 5.2 92.1 Dallas, TX 3 298,962 7.2 878 4.7 94.5 D.C. / Baltimore 1 96,477 2.3 300 1.6 94.7 Philadelphia, PA 1 92,920 2.2 235 1.3 94.8 San Antonio, TX 2 150,505 3.6 592 3.2 93.9 South Florida 2 240,141 5.7 682 3.7 96.1 Tucson, AZ 1 128,735 3.1 204 1.1 99.7 Total residential properties (4,562 units) 14 1,561,078 37.4 4,205 22.7 94.4 Industrial properties: Atlanta, GA 1 64,704 1.5 798 4.3 100.0 Bay Area, CA 3 167,582 4.2 614 3.3 98.6 Birmingham, AL 1 4,323 0.1 104 0.6 100.0 Central Florida 6 239,348 5.7 1,414 7.7 100.0 Charlotte, NC 1 22,036 0.5 208 1.1 100.0 Chicago, IL 1 9,479 0.2 110 0.6 100.0 Cincinnati, OH 1 18,786 0.4 218 1.2 100.0 Dallas, TX 1 19,669 0.5 230 1.2 100.0 D.C. / Baltimore 2 17,216 0.4 75 0.4 100.0 Denver, CO 2 58,601 1.4 410 2.2 100.0 Grand Rapids, MI 1 6,522 0.2 189 1.0 100.0 Houston, TX 3 78,912 1.9 690 3.7 97.6 Indianapolis, IN 3 81,234 1.9 966 5.2 100.0 Las Vegas, NV 2 33,488 0.8 276 1.5 97.1 Louisville, KY 1 19,299 0.5 235 1.3 100.0 Metro New York 2 28,737 0.7 202 1.1 100.0 Minneapolis / St. Paul, MN 1 5,514 0.1 157 0.8 100.0 New Jersey 3 41,608 1.0 289 1.6 100.0 Oklahoma City, OK 1 6,519 0.2 137 0.7 100.0 Pennsylvania 3 93,902 2.2 564 3.0 100.0 Phoenix, AZ 2 46,240 1.1 240 1.3 100.0 Portland, OR 1 15,282 0.4 123 0.7 100.0 Reno, NV 1 68,836 1.6 723 3.9 100.0 Salt Lake City, UT 1 64,187 1.5 438 2.4 100.0 San Antonio, TX 3 47,805 1.1 569 3.1 100.0 San Diego, CA 1 26,442 0.6 136 0.7 100.0 South Florida 1 35,002 0.8 105 0.6 100.0 Southern California 1 12,022 0.3 94 0.5 100.0 Total industrial properties 50 1,333,295 31.8 10,314 55.7 99.7 Total real property portfolio 90 4,178,329 100.0 18,517 100.0 95.9 

 (1) Percentage leased is based on executed leases as of December 31, 2022. 

 62 

Table of Contents 
 Lease Terms. Commercial lease terms typically range from one to 10 years, and often include renewal options. Most of our commercial leases include fixed rental increases or Consumer Price Index-based rental increases and are not based on the income or profits of any person. The majority of our residential leases expire within 12 months. Lease Expirations. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining term of our total leased commercial portfolio was approximately 4.9 years based on annualized base rent and 4.3 years based on leased square footage, excluding renewal options. The following table summarizes the lease expirations at our commercial properties for leases in place as of December 31, 2022, without giving effect to the exercise of renewal options or termination rights, if any. The table excludes our residential properties as substantially all leases at such properties expire within 12 months. 

Number of of Total of Total Commercial Annualized Base Annualized Base Leased Leased Square and square feet in thousands) Leases Rent (1) Rent (1) Square Feet Feet 2023 71 17,817 12.0 1,159 8.4 2024 69 16,321 11.0 2,652 19.2 2025 58 18,736 12.6 1,407 10.2 2026 68 18,597 12.6 2,212 16.1 2027 64 18,998 12.8 2,201 16.0 2028 46 8,991 6.1 596 4.3 2029 24 9,267 6.3 1,120 8.1 2030 24 9,703 6.5 580 4.2 2031 20 5,373 3.6 631 4.6 2032 17 10,226 6.9 641 4.7 Thereafter 35 14,113 9.6 580 4.2 Total leased 496 148,142 100.0 13,779 100.0 

 (1) Annualized base rent is calculated as monthly base rent including the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. 
 Customer Diversification. We believe that the customer base that occupies our real property portfolio is generally stable and well-diversified. As of December 31, 2022, no customer represented more than 10.0 of total annualized base rent or more than 10.0 of total leased square feet. The following table reflects our 10 largest customers, based on annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022: 

of Total of Total Number of Annualized Annualized Leased Leased Square and square feet in thousands) Locations (1) Base Rent (2) Base Rent (2) Square Feet Feet Stop Shop 7 7,909 3.1 449 2.5 S.P. Richards Company 12 5,249 2.1 1,772 10.0 Amazon.com / Whole Foods 5 5,245 2.1 604 3.4 Mizuho Bank Ltd. 1 4,385 1.7 110 0.6 FedEx 2 3,983 1.6 999 5.6 Home Depot 1 2,964 1.2 102 0.6 Northrop Grumman 1 2,735 1.1 107 0.6 Deloitte LLP 1 2,630 1.0 62 0.3 Apple, Inc. 1 2,598 1.0 94 0.5 Best Buy Stores 2 2,376 0.9 153 0.9 Total 33 40,074 15.8 4,452 25.0 

 (1) Reflects the number of properties for which the customer has at least one lease in-place. (2) Annualized base rent is calculated as monthly base rent including the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. 
 The majority of our customers do not have a public corporate credit rating. We evaluate creditworthiness and financial strength of prospective commercial customers based on financial, operating and business plan information that such prospective customers provide to us, as well as other market, industry, and economic information that is generally publicly available. As a result of this assessment, we may require that the customers enhance their credit by providing us with security deposits, letters of credit from established financial institutions, or personal or corporate guarantees. Customer creditworthiness often influences the amount of 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 upfront tenant improvements, lease incentives, concessions or other leasing costs. We evaluate creditworthiness of our residential customers based on standard market practice, which includes credit checks. Industry Diversification. We intend to maintain a well-diversified mix of customers to limit our exposure to any single customer or industry. Our diversified investment strategy inherently provides for customer diversity, and we continue to monitor our exposure relative to our larger customer industry sectors. The following table reflects the 10 largest industry concentrations within our portfolio, based on annualized base rent, as of December 31, 2022 and assumes that our residential investments are not concentrated within any specific industry: 

of Total of Total Number of Annualized Annualized Base Leased Square Leased Square and square feet in thousands) Leases Base Rent (1) Rent Feet Feet Supermarket 18 13,922 5.4 843 4.7 Financial 24 13,819 5.4 335 1.9 Storage / Warehousing 22 12,245 4.8 3,034 17.1 Food Beverage 79 10,633 4.2 494 2.8 Professional Services 33 7,150 2.8 192 1.1 Transportation / Logistics 13 6,917 2.7 978 5.5 Apparel / Clothing 20 6,524 2.6 788 4.4 Healthcare Services 37 6,029 2.4 216 1.2 Computer / Electronics 13 5,989 2.3 289 1.6 Post Courier Services 8 5,579 2.2 1,167 6.6 Total 267 88,807 34.8 8,336 46.9 

 (1) Annualized base rent is calculated as monthly base rent including the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease as of December 31, 2022, multiplied by 12. 
 DST Program and DST Program Loans. Our DST Program raises capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests in specific Delaware statutory trusts holding real properties. The following table presents our DST Program activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 DST Interests sold 758,995 292,702 278,157 DST Interests financed by DST Program Loans 51,496 25,978 26,486 Income earned from DST Program Loans (1) 3,420 2,178 1,487 Financing obligation liability appreciation (2) 31,737 5,822 3,936 Rent obligation incurred under master lease agreements (2) 47,021 28,422 19,443 

 (1) Included in other income and expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. (2) Included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, 28.8 million OP Units, 15.0 million OP Units and 3.8 million OP Units, respectively, were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of 252.6 million, 115.7 million and 28.3 million, respectively, in accordance with our UPREIT structure. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we also had 120 and 96 DST Program Loans, respectively, with a combined carrying value of 81.9 million and 62.1 million, respectively, and a weighted-average interest rate of 4.47 and 3.98 , respectively, and a weighted-average maturity of 9.2 years and 8.9 years, respectively, related to the DST Program. Refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional detail regarding the DST Program. Debt Obligations. Our consolidated indebtedness is currently comprised of borrowings under our line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.6 billion of consolidated indebtedness with a weighted-average interest rate of 4.31 , which includes the effects of the interest rate swap agreements. The weighted-average remaining term of our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022 was 3.9 years, excluding the impact of certain extension options. The total gross book value of properties encumbered by our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 970.3 million. See Note 6 to 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Item 15, Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation for additional information. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS As of the date hereof, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our properties are the subject. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information There is no public trading market for shares of our common stock and we do not have an obligation nor plans to apply for listing on any public trading market. The prices at which our shares of common stock are sold pursuant to our public offerings, or redeemed pursuant to our share redemption program, are based on the monthly NAV per share, which is determined in accordance with our valuation procedures, as described further below. On a limited basis, our stockholders may be able to have their shares redeemed through our share redemption program. Therefore, there is a risk that a stockholder may not be able to sell shares of our common stock at a time or price acceptable to the stockholder, or at all. Additionally, we may repurchase shares of our common stock pursuant to self-tender offers at a discount to NAV. We commenced calculating a NAV on July 12, 2012. The following table presents the high and low NAV per share of each class of common stock reported for each quarter within the two most recent fiscal years. Each class of common stock has had the same NAV for each reported period. 

Quarter Low High 2022 First Quarter 8.25 8.69 Second Quarter 8.83 8.88 Third Quarter 8.87 8.89 Fourth Quarter 8.82 8.89 2021 First Quarter 7.56 7.59 Second Quarter 7.61 7.66 Third Quarter 7.69 7.83 Fourth Quarter 7.93 8.17 Net Asset Value Our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, has adopted valuation procedures, as amended from time to time, that contain a comprehensive set of methodologies to be used in connection with the calculation of our NAV. With the approval of our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, we have engaged Altus Group U.S. Inc., a third-party valuation firm, to serve as our independent valuation advisor Altus Group or the Independent Valuation Advisor with respect to helping us administer the valuation and review process for the real properties in our portfolio, providing monthly real property appraisals, reviewing annual third-party real property appraisals, providing monthly valuations of our debt-related assets (excluding DST Program Loans), reviewing the internal valuations of DST Program Loans and debt-related liabilities performed by our Advisor, providing quarterly valuations of our properties subject to master lease obligations associated with the DST Program, and assisting in the development and review of our valuation procedures. As part of this process, our Advisor reviews the estimates of the values of our real property portfolio, real estate-related assets, and other assets and liabilities within our portfolio for consistency with our 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 valuation guidelines and the overall reasonableness of the valuation conclusions, and informs our board of directors of its conclusions. Although third-party appraisal firms, the Independent Valuation Advisor, or other pricing sources may consider any comments received from us or our Advisor or other valuation sources for their individual valuations, the final estimated fair values of our real properties are determined by the Independent Valuation Advisor and the final estimates of fair values of our real estate-related assets, our other assets, and our liabilities are determined by the applicable pricing source (which may, in certain instances be our Advisor or an affiliate of Ares), subject to the oversight of our board of directors. With respect to the valuation of our real properties, the Independent Valuation Advisor provides our board of directors with periodic valuation reports and is available to meet with our board of directors to review valuation information, as well as our valuation guidelines and the operation and results of the valuation and review process generally. Excluding real properties that are bought or sold during a given calendar year, unconsolidated real properties held through joint ventures or partnerships are valued by a third-party appraiser at least once per calendar year. For valuations during interim periods, either our Advisor will determine the estimated fair value of the real properties owned by unconsolidated affiliates or we will utilize interim valuations determined pursuant to valuation policies and procedures for such joint ventures or partnerships. All parties engaged by us in connection with our valuation procedures, including the Independent Valuation Advisor, ALPS Fund Services Inc. ALPS ), and our Advisor, are subject to the oversight of our board of directors. Our board of directors has the right to engage additional valuation firms and pricing sources to review the valuation process or valuations, if deemed appropriate. At least once each calendar year our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, reviews the appropriateness of our valuation procedures with input from the Independent Valuation Advisor. From time to time our board of directors, including a majority of our independent directors, may adopt changes to the valuation procedures if it: (1) determines that such changes are likely to result in a more accurate reflection of NAV or a more efficient or less costly procedure for the determination of NAV without having a material adverse effect on the accuracy of such determination; or (2) otherwise reasonably believes a change is appropriate for the determination of NAV. We will publicly announce material changes to our valuation procedures. See Exhibit 4.4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more detailed description of our valuation procedures, including important disclosure regarding real property valuations provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor. Our valuation procedures, which address specifically each category of our assets and liabilities and are applied separately from the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP, involve adjustments from historical cost. There are certain factors which cause NAV to be different from total equity or stockholders equity on a GAAP basis. Most significantly, the valuation of our real assets, which is the largest component of our NAV calculation, is provided to us by the Independent Valuation Advisor. For GAAP purposes, these assets are generally recorded at depreciated or amortized cost. Another example that will cause our NAV to differ from our GAAP total equity or stockholders equity is the straight-lining of rent, which results in a receivable for GAAP purposes that is not included in the determination of our NAV. The fair values of our assets and certain liabilities are determined using widely accepted methodologies and, as appropriate, the GAAP principles within the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification under Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures and are used by ALPS in calculating our NAV per share. However, our valuation procedures and our NAV are not subject to GAAP and will not be subject to independent audit. We did not develop our valuation procedures with the intention of complying with fair value concepts under GAAP and, therefore, there could be differences between our fair values and the fair values derived from the principal market or most advantageous market concepts of establishing fair value under GAAP. The aggregate real property valuation of 4.64 billion compares to a GAAP basis of real properties (net of intangible lease liabilities and before accumulated amortization and depreciation) of 4.10 billion, representing a difference of approximately 537.5 million, or 13.1 . As used below, Fund Interests means our outstanding shares of common stock, along with OP Units, which may be or were held directly or indirectly by the Advisor, Black Creek Diversified Property Advisors Group LLC (the Former Sponsor ), members or affiliates of the Former Sponsor, and third parties, and Aggregate Fund NAV means the NAV of all the Fund Interests. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth the components of Aggregate Fund NAV as of December 31, 2022 and September 30, 2022: 

As of (in thousands) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Investments in office properties 610,850 600,800 Investments in retail properties 740,400 739,700 Investments in residential properties 1,685,000 1,697,300 Investments in industrial properties 1,603,500 1,581,900 Total investment in real estate properties 4,639,750 4,619,700 Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships 141,272 119,757 Debt-related investments 260,841 152,463 Investments in real estate-related securities 14,896 DST Program Loans 79,049 84,596 Total investments 5,135,808 4,976,516 Cash and cash equivalents 13,336 24,245 Restricted cash 3,850 3,788 Other assets 44,269 51,547 Line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes (1,631,324) (1,581,813) Financing obligations associated with our DST Program (1,141,866) (1,171,595) Other liabilities (72,966) (79,815) Accrued performance participation allocation (23,747) (22,088) Accrued advisory fees (3,157) (3,058) Noncontrolling interests in consolidated joint venture partnerships (1,582) (1,470) Aggregate Fund NAV 2,322,621 2,196,257 Total Fund Interests outstanding 263,232 247,120 The following table sets forth the NAV per Fund Interest as of December 31, 2022: 

Class T Class S Class D Class I Class E OP (in thousands, except per Fund Interest data) Total Shares Shares Shares Shares Shares Units Monthly NAV 2,322,621 237,211 434,438 69,450 610,076 467,415 504,031 Fund Interests outstanding 263,232 26,884 49,237 7,871 69,142 52,974 57,124 NAV Per Fund Interest 8.8235 8.8235 8.8235 8.8235 8.8235 8.8235 8.8235 Under GAAP, we record liabilities for ongoing distribution fees that (i) we currently owe the Dealer Manager under the terms of our dealer manager agreement and (ii) we estimate we may pay to the Dealer Manager in future periods for our Fund Interests. As of December 31, 2022, we estimated approximately 60.9 million of ongoing distribution fees were potentially payable to the Dealer Manager. We do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees in our calculation of NAV since we intend for our NAV to reflect our estimated value on the date that we determine our NAV. Accordingly, our estimated NAV at any given time does not include consideration of any estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after such date. Financing obligations associated with our DST Program, as reflected in our NAV table above, represent outstanding proceeds raised from our private placements under the DST Program due to the fact that we have an option (which may or may not be exercised) to purchase the interests in the Delaware statutory trusts and thereby acquire the real property owned by the trusts. We may acquire these properties using OP Units, cash, or a combination of both. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details regarding our DST Program. We may use proceeds raised from our DST Program for the repayment of debt, acquisition of properties and other investments, distributions to our stockholders, payments under our debt obligations and master lease agreements related to properties in our DST Program, redemption payments, capital expenditures, and other general corporate purposes. We pay our Advisor an annual, fixed component of our advisory fee of 1.10 of the consideration received for selling interests in DST Properties to third-party investors, net of upfront fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross proceeds from the sale of such interests and DST Interests financed through DST Program Loans. We include no discounts to our NAV for the illiquid nature of our shares, including the limitations on our stockholders ability to redeem shares under our share redemption program and our ability to modify or suspend our share redemption program at any time. Our NAV generally does not reflect the potential impact of exit costs (e.g. selling costs and commissions related to the sale of a 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 property) that would likely be incurred if our assets and liabilities were liquidated or sold today. While we may use market pricing concepts to value individual components of our NAV, our per share NAV is not derived from the market pricing information of open-end real estate funds listed on stock exchanges. Our NAV is not a representation, warranty or guarantee that: (i) we would fully realize our NAV upon a sale of our assets; (ii) shares of our common stock would trade at our per share NAV on a national securities exchange; and (iii) a stockholder would be able to realize the per share NAV if such stockholder attempted to sell his or her shares to a third party. The valuations of our real properties as of December 31, 2022, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties, were provided by the Independent Valuation Advisor in accordance with our valuation procedures. Certain key assumptions that were used by the Independent Valuation Advisor in the discounted cash flow analysis are set forth in the following table based on weighted-averages by property type. 

Weighted- Office Retail Residential Industrial Average Basis Exit capitalization rate 6.18 6.21 4.79 4.96 5.25 Discount rate / internal rate of return 6.93 6.89 6.07 6.15 6.34 Average holding period (years) 9.6 10.0 10.0 10.1 10.0 A change in the exit capitalization and discount rates used would impact the calculation of the value of our real property. For example, assuming all other factors remain constant, the changes listed below would result in the following effects on the value of our real properties, excluding certain newly acquired properties that are currently held at cost which we believe reflects the fair value of such properties: 

Hypothetical Weighted- Input Change Office Retail Residential Industrial Average Values Exit capitalization rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 3.02 2.50 3.66 3.79 3.44 0.25 increase (2.79) (2.31) (3.29) (3.43) (3.12) Discount rate (weighted-average) 0.25 decrease 2.08 1.91 2.02 2.10 2.04 0.25 increase (2.03) (1.86) (1.97) (2.05) (1.99) From September 30, 2017 through November 30, 2019, we valued our debt-related investments and real estate-related liabilities generally in accordance with fair value standards under GAAP. Beginning with our valuation for December 31, 2019, our property-level mortgages and corporate-level credit facilities that are intended to be held to maturity (which for fixed rate debt not subject to interest rate hedges may be the date near maturity at which time the debt will be eligible for prepayment at par for purposes herein), including those subject to interest rate hedges, were valued at par (i.e. at their respective outstanding balances). In addition, because we utilize interest rate hedges to stabilize interest payments (i.e. to fix all-in interest rates through interest rate swaps or to limit interest rate exposure through interest rate caps) on individual loans, each loan and associated interest rate hedge is treated as one financial instrument which is valued at par if intended to be held to maturity. This policy of valuing at par applies regardless of whether any given interest rate hedge is considered as an asset or liability for GAAP purposes. Notwithstanding, if we acquire an investment and assume associated in-place debt from the seller that is above-or below-market, then consistent with how we recognize assumed debt for GAAP purposes when acquiring an asset with pre-existing debt in place, the liabilities used in the determination of our NAV will include the market value of such debt based on market value as of the closing date. The associated premium or discount on such debt as of closing that is reflected in our liabilities will then be amortized through loan maturity. Per our valuation policy, the corresponding investment is valued on an unlevered basis for purposes of determining NAV. Accordingly, all else equal, we would not recognize an immediate gain or loss to our NAV upon acquisition of an investment whereby we assume associated pre-existing debt that is above- or below-market. As of December 31, 2022, we classified all of our debt as intended to be held to maturity, and our liabilities included mark-to-market adjustments for pre-existing debt that we assumed upon acquisition. We currently estimate the fair value of our debt (inclusive of associated interest rate hedges) that was intended to be held to maturity as of December 31, 2022 was 82.3 million lower than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (as described above) for such debt in aggregate; meaning that if we used the fair value of our debt rather than the carrying value used for purposes of calculating our NAV (and treated the associated hedge as part of the same financial instrument), our NAV would have been higher by approximately 82.3 million, or 0.32 per share, not taking into account all of the other items that impact our monthly NAV, as of December 31, 2022. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Reconciliation of Stockholders Equity and Noncontrolling Interests to NAV The following table reconciles stockholders equity and noncontrolling interests per our consolidated balance sheet to our NAV as of December 31, 2022: 

(in thousands) As of December 31, 2022 Total stockholder s equity 785,836 Noncontrolling interests 408,031 Total equity under GAAP 1,193,867 Adjustments: Accrued distribution fee (1) 60,919 Unrealized net real estate, financing obligations, debt and interest rate hedge appreciation (depreciation) (2) 520,403 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (3) 539,162 Other adjustments (4) 8,270 Aggregate Fund NAV 2,322,621 

 (1) Accrued distribution fee represents the accrual for the full cost of the distribution fee for Class T, Class S, and Class D shares and OP Units. Under GAAP, we accrued the full cost of the distribution fee payable over the life of each share (assuming such share remains outstanding the length of time required to pay the maximum distribution fee) as an offering cost at the time we sold the Class T, Class S, and Class D shares. Similarly, we accrued a liability for future distribution fees we expect will be paid for our estimate of how long Class T, Class S, and Class D OP Units will be outstanding, also as an offering cost. For purposes of calculating the NAV, we recognize the distribution fee as a reduction of NAV on a monthly basis when such fee is paid and do not deduct the liability for estimated future distribution fees that may become payable after the date as of which our NAV is calculated. (2) Our real estate and real estate-related investments are presented as historical cost in our consolidated financial statements. Additionally, our mortgage notes, term loans, line of credit and financing obligations are presented at their carrying value in our consolidated financial statements. As such, any increases or decreases in the fair market value of our real estate, real estate-related investments, debt instruments or financing obligations are not included in our GAAP results. For purposes of determining our NAV, our real estate, real estate-related investments, financing obligations and certain of our debt are recorded at fair value. Notwithstanding, our property-level mortgages and corporate-level credit facilities that are intended to be held to maturity, including those subject to interest rates hedges, are valued at par (i.e. at their respective outstanding balances). (3) We depreciate our investments in real estate and amortize certain other assets and liabilities in accordance with GAAP. Such depreciation and amortization is not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV. (4) Includes (i) straight-line rent receivables, which are recorded in accordance with GAAP but not recorded for purposes of determining our NAV, (ii) redeemable noncontrolling interests related to our OP Units, which are included in our determination of NAV but not included in total equity, and (iii) other minor adjustments. 
 Performance Our NAV increased from 8.17 per share as of December 31, 2021 to 8.82 per share as of December 31, 2022. The increase in NAV was primarily driven by performance of our real estate portfolio, including strong leasing and above-average market rent growth in the industrial and residential sectors. In addition, dispositions of one office property, six retail properties, and a retail land parcel for net proceeds of approximately 274.8 million, in aggregate, at sales prices in excess of carrying values, as well as the acquisitions of 21 industrial properties, seven residential properties, and two life science properties for an aggregate contractual purchase price of 1.2 billion, contributed to our positive performance. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Effective December 31, 2019, our board of directors approved amendments to our valuation procedures which revised the way we value property-level mortgages, corporate-level credit facilities and associated interest rate hedges when loans, including associated interest rate hedges, are intended to be held to maturity, effectively eliminating all mark-to-market adjustments for such loans and hedges from the calculation of our NAV. The following table summarizes the impact of interest rate movements on our share class returns assuming we continued to include the mark-to-market adjustments for all borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments beginning with the December 31, 2019 NAV: 

One-Year Since NAV Trailing (Trailing Three-Year Five-Year Ten-Year Inception (as of December 31, 2022) (1) Three-Months Year-to-Date 12-Months) Annualized Annualized Annualized Annualized (2) Class T Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) (3.27) 7.95 7.95 8.51 7.05 6.57 7.08 Adjusted Class T Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (3.58) 12.22 12.22 9.89 7.77 6.89 7.39 Difference 0.31 (4.27) (4.27) (1.38) (0.72) (0.32) (0.31) Class T Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) 0.12 11.73 11.73 9.76 7.79 6.88 7.21 Adjusted Class T Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.20) 16.14 16.14 11.16 8.44 7.21 7.52 Difference 0.32 (4.41) (4.41) (1.40) (0.65) (0.33) (0.31) Class S Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) (3.27) 7.95 7.95 8.51 7.05 6.57 7.08 Adjusted Class S Share Total Return (with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (3.58) 12.22 12.22 9.89 7.77 6.89 7.39 Difference 0.31 (4.27) (4.27) (1.38) (0.72) (0.32) (0.31) Class S Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (3) 0.12 11.73 11.73 9.76 7.79 6.88 7.21 Adjusted Class S Share Total Return (without upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees) (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.20) 16.14 16.14 11.16 8.44 7.21 7.52 Difference 0.32 (4.41) (4.41) (1.40) (0.65) (0.33) (0.31) Class D Share Total Return (3) 0.27 12.40 12.40 10.42 8.43 7.47 7.50 Adjusted Class D Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) (0.05) 16.84 16.84 11.82 9.09 7.80 7.82 Difference 0.32 (4.44) (4.44) (1.40) (0.66) (0.33) (0.32) Class I Share Total Return (3) 0.33 12.68 12.68 10.69 8.70 7.86 7.89 Adjusted Class I Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) 0.01 17.13 17.13 12.10 9.37 8.19 8.21 Difference 0.32 (4.45) (4.45) (1.41) (0.67) (0.33) (0.32) Class E Share Return Total Return (3) 0.33 12.68 12.68 10.69 8.70 7.91 7.94 Adjusted Class E Share Total Return (continued inclusion of mark-to-market adjustments for borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt instruments) (4) 0.01 17.13 17.13 12.10 9.37 8.24 8.26 Difference 0.32 (4.45) (4.45) (1.41) (0.67) (0.33) (0.32) 
 70 

Table of Contents 

(1) Performance is measured by total return, which includes income and appreciation (i.e., distributions and changes in NAV) and is a compound rate of return that assumes reinvestment of all distributions for the respective time period, and excludes upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees paid by investors, except for returns noted with upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees Total Return ). Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted. (2) NAV inception was September 30, 2012, which is when we first sold shares of our common stock after converting to an NAV-based REIT on July 12, 2012. Investors in our fixed price offerings prior to NAV inception on September 30, 2012 are likely to have a lower return. (3) The Total Returns presented are based on actual NAVs at which stockholders transacted, calculated pursuant to our valuation procedures. From NAV inception to November 30, 2019, these NAVs reflected mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related interest rate hedge positions; and from September 1, 2017 to November 30, 2019, these NAVs also reflected mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related debt instruments. Prior to September 1, 2017, our valuation policies dictated marking borrowing-related debt instruments to par except in certain circumstances; therefore, we did not formally track mark-to-market adjustments on our borrowing-related debt instruments during such time. (4) The Adjusted Total Returns presented are based on adjusted NAVs calculated as if we had continued to mark our hedge and debt instruments to market following a policy change to largely exclude borrowing-related interest rate hedge and debt marks to market from our NAV calculations (except in certain circumstances pursuant to our valuation procedures), beginning with our NAV calculated as of December 31, 2019 NAV. Therefore, the NAVs used in the calculation are identical to those presented per Note (3) above from NAV inception through November 30, 2019. The adjusted NAVs include the incremental impacts to advisory fees and performance fees; however, the adjusted NAVs are not assumed to have impacted any share purchase or redemption. For calculation purposes, transactions were assumed to occur at the adjusted NAVs. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities During the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued equity securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), in reliance upon the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, as described below. The holder of the special operating partnership units (the Special Units in the Operating Partnership is entitled to an annual performance participation allocation if certain performance hurdles are met. As further described in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the 2021 performance participation allocation became payable on December 31, 2021 and in January 2022, we issued 1.9 million Class I units in the Operating Partnership OP Units to the holder of the Special Units (the Special Unit Holder ). At the direction of the Advisor and in light of our Former Sponsor having been the holder of the Special Units for the first six months of 2021, the Special Unit Holder designated 465,000 of these Class I OP Units to entities affiliated with our Former Sponsor. Subject to certain limitations set forth in the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership, OP Units may be repurchased by the Operating Partnership for cash unless our board of directors determines that any such repurchase for cash would be prohibited by applicable law or our charter, in which case such OP Units will be repurchased for Class I shares of our common stock with an equivalent aggregate NAV. Certain restrictions on redemption may apply if certain liquidity requirements are not met. Share Redemption Program While stockholders may request on a monthly basis that we redeem all or any portion of their shares pursuant to our share redemption program, we are not obligated to redeem any shares and may choose to redeem only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be redeemed in any particular month, in our discretion. In addition, our ability to fulfill redemption requests is subject to a number of limitations. As a result, share redemptions may not be available each month. Under our share redemption program, to the extent we choose to redeem shares in any particular month, we will only redeem shares as of the last calendar day of that month (each such date, a Redemption Date ). Shares redeemed on the Redemption Date remain outstanding on the Redemption Date and are no longer outstanding on the day following the Redemption Date. Redemptions will be made at the transaction price in effect on the Redemption Date, except that shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year will be redeemed at 95 of the transaction price (an Early Redemption Deduction ). The Early Redemption Deduction may be waived in certain circumstances including: (i) in the case of redemption requests arising from the death or qualified disability of the holder; (ii) in the event that a stockholder s shares are redeemed because the stockholder has failed to maintain the 2,000 minimum account balance or (iii) with respect to shares purchased through our distribution reinvestment plan. To have his or her shares redeemed, a stockholder s redemption request and required documentation must be received in good order by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the second to last business day of the applicable month. Settlements of share redemptions will be made within three business days of the Redemption Date. An investor may 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 withdraw its redemption request by notifying the transfer agent before 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the last business day of the applicable month. The total amount of aggregate redemptions of Class T, Class S, Class D, Class I and Class E shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) will be limited during each calendar month to 2 of the aggregate NAV of all classes as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter and in each calendar quarter will be limited to 5 of the aggregate NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter; provided, however, that every month and quarter each class of our common stock will be allocated capacity within such aggregate limit to allow stockholders in such class to either (a) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) equal to at least 2 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter, or, if more limiting, (b) redeem shares (based on the price at which the shares are redeemed) over the course of a given quarter equal to at least 5 of the aggregate NAV of such share class as of the last calendar day of the previous quarter (collectively referred to herein as the 2 and 5 limits ), which in the second and third months of a quarter could be less than 2 of the NAV of such share class. In the event that we determine to redeem some but not all of the shares submitted for redemption during any month, shares redeemed at the end of the month will be redeemed on a pro rata basis. Even if the class-specific allocations are exceeded for a class, the program may offer such class additional capacity under the aggregate program limits. Redemptions and pro rata treatment, if necessary, will first be applied within the class-specific allocated capacity and then applied on an aggregate basis to the extent there is remaining capacity. All unsatisfied redemption requests must be resubmitted after the start of the next month or quarter, or upon the recommencement of the share redemption program, as applicable. For both the aggregate and class-specific allocations described above, (i) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first month of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for that month will carry over to the second month and (ii) provided that the share redemption program has been operating and not suspended for the first two months of a given quarter and that all properly submitted redemption requests were satisfied, any unused capacity for those two months will carry over to the third month. In no event will such carry-over capacity permit the redemption of shares with aggregate value (based on the redemption price per share for the month the redemption is effected) in excess of 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter (provided that for these purposes redemptions may be measured on a net basis as described in the paragraph below). We currently measure the foregoing redemption allocations and limitations based on net redemptions during a month or quarter, as applicable. The term net redemptions means, during the applicable period, the excess of our share redemptions (capital outflows) over the proceeds from the sale of our shares (capital inflows). For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, proceeds from new subscriptions in a month are included in capital inflows on the first day of the next month because that is the first day on which such shareholders have rights in the Company. Also for purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day shareholders have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are outstanding through the last day of the month. Net redemptions for the class-specific allocations will be based only on the capital inflows and outflows of that class, while net redemptions for the overall program limits would be based on capital inflows and outflows of all classes. Thus, for any given calendar quarter, the maximum amount of redemptions during that quarter will be equal to (i) 5 of the combined NAV of all classes of shares as of the last calendar day of the previous calendar quarter, plus (ii) proceeds from sales of new shares in this offering (including purchases pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan) and the Class E distribution reinvestment plan offering since the beginning of the current calendar quarter. The same would apply for a given month, except that redemptions in a month would be subject to the 2 limit described above (subject to potential carry-over capacity), and netting would be measured on a monthly basis. With respect to future periods, our board of directors may choose whether the allocations and limitations will be applied to gross redemptions, i.e., without netting against capital inflows, rather than to net redemptions. If redemptions for a given month or quarter are measured on a gross basis rather than on a net basis, the redemption limitations could limit the amount of shares redeemed in a given month or quarter despite our receiving a net capital inflow for that month or quarter. In order for our board of directors to change the application of the allocations and limitations from net redemptions to gross redemptions or vice versa, we will provide notice to stockholders in a prospectus supplement or special or periodic report filed by us, as well as in a press release or on our website, at least 10 days before the first business day of the quarter for which the new test will apply. The determination to measure redemptions on a gross basis, or vice versa, will only be made for an entire quarter, and not particular months within a quarter. Although the vast majority of our assets consist of properties that cannot generally be readily liquidated on short notice without impacting our ability to realize full value upon their disposition, we intend to maintain a number of sources of liquidity including 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 (i) cash equivalents (e.g. money market funds), other short-term investments, U.S. government securities, agency securities and liquid real estate-related securities and (ii) one or more borrowing facilities. We may fund redemptions from any available source of funds, including operating cash flows, borrowings, proceeds from this offering and/or sales of our assets. Should redemption requests, in our judgment, place an undue burden on our liquidity, adversely affect our operations or risk having an adverse impact on the company as a whole, or should we otherwise determine that investing our liquid assets in real properties or other illiquid investments rather than redeeming our shares is in the best interests of the company as a whole, then we may choose to redeem fewer shares than have been requested to be redeemed, or none at all. Further, our board of directors may modify or suspend our share redemption program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. If the transaction price for the applicable month is not made available by the tenth business day prior to the last business day of the month (or is changed after such date), then no redemption requests will be accepted for such month and stockholders who wish to have their shares redeemed the following month must resubmit their redemption requests. The above description of the share redemption program is a summary of certain of the terms of the share redemption program. Please see the full text of the share redemption program, which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for all the terms and conditions. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for detail regarding our redemption and repurchase history. The table below summarizes the redemption activity for the three months ended December 31, 2022, for which all eligible redemption requests were redeemed in full: 

Total Number of Shares Maximum Number of Redeemed as Part of Shares That May Yet Be Total Number of Average Price Publicly Announced Redeemed Pursuant (shares in thousands) Shares Redeemed Paid Per Share (1) Plans or Programs to the Program (2) For the Month Ended: October 31, 2022 493 8.88 493 November 30, 2022 1,496 8.87 1,496 December 31, 2022 (3) 782 8.88 782 Total 2,771 8.88 2,771 

 (1) Amount represents the average price paid to investors upon redemption. (2) We limit the number of shares that may be redeemed under the share redemption program as described above. (3) Redemption requests accepted in December 2022 are considered redeemed on January 1, 2023 for accounting purposes and, as a result, are not included in the table above. This differs from how we treat capital outflows for purposes of the limitations of our share redemption program. For purposes of measuring our redemption capacity pursuant to our share redemption program, redemption requests received in a month are included in capital outflows on the last day of such month because that is the last day shareholders have rights in the Company and we redeemed 28.3 million of shares of common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Distributions We intend to continue to make distributions on a monthly basis following the end of each calendar month. We intend to use monthly record dates and, thus, monthly distribution accruals. However, we reserve the right to adjust the periods during which distributions accrue and are paid. Our total distributions declared, including distributions related to OP Units, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 87.4 million, 65.3 million and 57.8 million, respectively, which includes 29.9 million, 23.6 million and 21.3 million, respectively, of distributions reinvested in our shares pursuant to our distribution reinvestment plan. Our cash flow from operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 62.5 million, 49.4 million and 41.1 million, respectively. Accordingly, in certain years and certain individual quarters, total distributions were not fully funded by cash flows from operations. In such cases, the shortfalls were funded from proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan or borrowings. In the future, we may continue to fund monthly regular distributions from sources other than cash flow from operations. Our long-term strategy is to fund the payment of monthly regular distributions to our stockholders entirely from our operations, but there may be quarters or even years when that is not the case. It will be up to the board of directors to determine the distribution level taking many factors into consideration beyond just cash flow from operations. If we are unsuccessful in investing the capital we raise from public offerings or decide to invest our capital in lower yielding assets, we may be required to fund our monthly cash distributions to our stockholders from a combination of our operating, investing, and financing activities, which include net proceeds of this offering, 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 dispositions, and borrowings (including borrowings secured by our assets), or to reduce the level of our monthly distributions. We have not established a cap on the amount of our distributions that may be paid from any of these sources. All distributions result in a decrease to our NAV while cash flow generated from our operations results in an increase to NAV. We generally seek to fund our distributions solely from our cash flow from operations, however we also focus on total stockholder return as a metric for evaluating our distribution level in the event that it is not being fully covered by cash flow from operations. Any cash flow from operations in excess of our distributions (all else equal) results in a net increase to NAV. Conversely, if our distributions exceed our cash flow from operations (all else equal), the net effect would result in a decrease to NAV. Each quarter our board of directors determines the level of our distributions for each month in that quarter. In determining the appropriate level of a distribution, our board of directors considers a number of factors, including the current and anticipated market conditions, current and anticipated future performance and make-up of our investments, our overall financial projections and expected future cash needs. We can give no assurance that the board of directors will continue to set distributions at current levels and our distribution levels may change from time to time. Depending on the distribution level relative to cash flow generated from our portfolio, if our monthly distributions exceed cash flow generated from our operations, it may cause a decrease in our NAV if not offset by other effects. In connection with a distribution to our stockholders, our board intends to authorize a monthly distribution of a certain dollar amount per share of our common stock before or on the first day of each calendar quarter for the months in such quarter. We will then calculate each stockholder s specific distribution amount for the month using monthly record dates and stockholders distributions will accrue on the first record date after stockholders become a record owner of our common stock, subject to our board of directors declaring a distribution for record owners as of such date. We accrue the amount of declared distributions as a liability on the record date, and such liability is accounted for in determining the NAV. The per share amount of any distributions for any class of common stock relative to the other classes of common stock shall be determined as described in the most recent multiple class plan approved by our board of directors. Under our multiple class plan in effect, distributions are made on all classes of our common stock at the same time. The per share amount of distributions on our shares of common stock differs because of different allocations of class-specific fees. We use the record share method of determining the per share amount of distributions on each class of shares, although our board of directors may choose other methods. The record share method is one of several distribution calculation methods for multiple-class funds recommended, but not required, by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Under this method, the amount to be distributed on shares of our common stock is increased by the sum of all class-specific fees accrued for such period. Such amount is divided by the number of shares of our common stock outstanding on the record date. Such per share amount is reduced for each class of common stock by the per share amount of any class-specific fees allocable to such class. We are required to make distributions sufficient to satisfy the requirements for qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Generally, income distributed will not be taxable to us under the Code if we distribute at least 90 of our taxable income each year (computed without regard to the distributions paid deduction and our net capital gain). In addition, if we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of (a) 85 of our ordinary income for such year, (b) 95 of our capital gain net income for such year, and (c) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods, we will be subject to a nondeductible 4 excise tax on the excess of the required distribution over the sum of (i) the amounts actually distributed by us, plus (ii) retained amounts on which we pay income tax at the corporate level. Distributions are authorized at the discretion of the board of directors, in accordance with our earnings, cash flow and general financial condition. The board s discretion is directed, in substantial part, by its obligation to cause us to comply with the REIT requirements. Because we may receive income from interest or rents at various times during our fiscal year, distributions may not reflect our income earned in that particular distribution period and may be made in advance of actual receipt of funds in an attempt to make distributions relatively uniform. We are authorized to borrow money, issue new securities or sell assets in order to make distributions. There are no restrictions on the ability of the Operating Partnership to transfer funds to us. Refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for detail regarding our distribution history, as well as the sources used to pay our distributions. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Holders The following tables summaries the number of shares outstanding and the number of stockholders, by class of common stock, and the number of OP Units outstanding and the number of OP Unitholders (other than us), in each case as of March 14, 2023: 

Class T Class S Class D Class I Class E (shares or units in thousands) Shares Shares Shares Shares Shares OP Units (1) Shares or units outstanding 28,210 49,899 7,473 69,315 52,550 55,884 Number of holders of record 4,356 3,605 824 4,051 8,953 504 

 (1) Includes Series 1 and 2 Class T OP Units, Class S OP Units, Class I OP Units and Class E OP Units. The number of holders of record for OP Units represent the number of third-party investors. 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a description of these risks and uncertainties. OVERVIEW General Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. is a NAV-based perpetual life REIT that was formed on April 11, 2005, as a Maryland corporation. We are primarily focused on investing in and operating a diverse portfolio of real property. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated real property portfolio consisted of 90 properties totaling approximately 18.5 million square feet located in 33 markets throughout the U.S. We also owned 156 properties through our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise noted, these unconsolidated properties are excluded from the presentation of our portfolio data herein. We have operated and elected to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2006, and we intend to continue to operate in accordance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT. We utilize an UPREIT organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of our assets through the Operating Partnership. As a NAV-based perpetual life REIT, we intend to conduct ongoing public primary offerings of our common stock on a perpetual basis. We also intend to conduct an ongoing distribution reinvestment plan offering for our stockholders to reinvest distributions in our shares. From time to time, we intend to file new registration statements on Form S-11 with the SEC to register additional shares of common stock so that we may continuously offer shares of common stock pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we raised gross proceeds of approximately 388.9 million from the sale of approximately 44.9 million shares of our common stock in our ongoing public offerings, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan of approximately 29.4 million. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more information about our public offerings. Additionally, we have a program to raise capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests. These private placement offerings are exempt from registration requirements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. We anticipate that these interests may serve as replacement properties for investors seeking to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. Similar to our prior private placement offerings, we expect that the DST Program will give us the opportunity to expand and diversify our capital raise strategies by offering what we believe to be an attractive and unique investment product for investors that may be seeking replacement properties to complete like-kind exchange transactions under Section 1031 of the Code. We also offer DST Program Loans to finance no more than 50 of the purchase price of the DST Interests to certain purchasers of the interests in the Delaware statutory trusts. During 2022, we sold 759.0 million of gross interests related to the DST Program, 51.5 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional detail regarding the DST Program. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 We currently operate in four reportable segments: office, retail, residential and industrial. The following table summarizes our real property portfolio by segment as of December 31, 2022: Average of Total Effective Annual of and square feet in thousands, Number of Number of Rentable Rentable Base Rent per Aggregate Aggregate except for per square foot data) Markets (1) Real Properties Square Feet Square Feet Square Foot (2) Leased Fair Value Fair Value Office properties 7 8 1,576 8.5 34.94 75.6 610,850 13.2 Retail properties 8 18 2,422 13.1 19.88 95.3 740,400 16.0 Residential properties 8 14 4,205 22.7 27.11 94.4 1,685,000 36.3 Industrial properties 28 50 10,314 55.7 5.90 99.7 1,603,500 34.5 Total real property portfolio 33 90 18,517 100.0 14.41 95.9 4,639,750 100.0 

 (1) Reflects the number of unique markets by segment and in total. As such, the total number of markets does not equal the sum of the number of markets by segment as certain segments are located in the same market. (2) Amount calculated as total annualized base rent, which includes the impact of any contractual tenant concessions (cash basis) per the terms of the lease, divided by total lease square footage as of December 31, 2022. 
 We currently focus our investment activities primarily across the major U.S. property sectors (industrial, residential (which includes and/or may include multi-family and other types of rental housing such as manufactured, student, and single family rental housing), office (which includes and/or may include medical office and life science laboratories) and retail). To a lesser extent, we strategically invest in and/or intend to invest in geographies outside of the U.S., which may include Canada, the United Kingdom, Europe and other foreign jurisdictions, and in other sectors such as triple net lease, real estate debt (which may include mortgages and subordinated interests), real estate-related securities, properties in sectors adjacent to our primary investment sectors and/or infrastructure, to create a diversified blend of current income and long-term value appreciation. Our near-term investment strategy is likely to prioritize new investments in the industrial and residential sectors due to relatively attractive fundamental conditions. We also intend to continue to hold an allocation of properties in the office and retail sectors, the latter of which is largely grocery-anchored. Real Estate Outlook Our results of operations are affected by a variety of factors, including conditions in both the U.S. and global financial markets and the economic and political environments. The commercial real estate markets continued to be impacted by the macroeconomic environment in the fourth quarter and U.S. real estate transaction activity was subdued. Given the global rise in interest rates by central banks, property valuations adjusted downwards, with capitalization rate compressions waning and yields widening. Periods of excessive or prolonged inflation and rising interest rates may negatively impact our customers businesses, resulting in increased vacancy, concessions or bad debt expense, which may adversely and materially affect our net operating income and NAV. Some of these market trends can be offset by continued strong fundamentals in certain property types, including multifamily and industrial. In particular, these sectors have experienced healthy market rent growth which has greatly benefitted future cash flow projections. Within the industrial sector, market rents have been driven by historically low vacancy, combined with sustained demand relating to improving supply chain resiliency while the multifamily sector saw historic growth as a result of high single family home prices, increasing interest rates, continued uncoupling of households and lowered propensity for roommates in a post-COVID environment. Necessity-based retail proved resilient from a valuation perspective given the defensive nature of the sector, as many grocers and other necessity-based retailers continued to see strong brick-and-mortar sales throughout 2022. Despite headwinds for the sector, high quality, well-amenitized and/or well leased office assets outside of central business districts are faring relatively well. Subsectors within property types that we do not focus, such as malls and central business district office high rises continued to struggle and saw much more volatility in performance. The 2023 outlook for commercial real estate also varies by sector. With industrial vacancy remaining near record-low levels, secular demand drivers such as e-commerce and building supply-chain resiliency remain intact and are expected to drive continued outperformance. Despite the pandemic-induced shift in consumer behavior giving e-commerce a boost, post-pandemic sales are projected to grow over 7 annually through 2027. As home price appreciation persists, coupled with mortgage rates doubling year-over-year, high financial barriers to homeownership are expected to continue driving rental demand. Fundamentals that supported 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 necessity-based retail performance in 2022 are expected to continue, and new tailwinds for the sector additionally include a lack of new supply combined with a renewed tenant appreciation for brick-and mortar presence. Lastly, as employers are becoming less enthusiastic about the prospects of a permanent shift to a work-from-home program, office properties are positioned to benefit from an increased preference for employees to return full-time or hybrid, but will emphasize location and amenities to maximize the efficiency of employees time in the office. We believe our portfolio is well-positioned for this market environment. Real estate market fundamentals remain favorable, supported by strong rent growth, low vacancy rates and demand generally outpacing supply in certain sectors like industrial and residential. However, there is no guarantee that our outlook will remain positive for the long-term, especially if leasing fundamentals weaken in the future. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Summary of 2022 Activities During 2022, we completed the following activities: We acquired 21 industrial properties, seven residential properties and two office properties, specifically two life science properties, comprising 5.8 million square feet for an aggregate contractual purchase price of approximately 1.2 billion. We invested 62.8 million in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, which acquired an additional 130 properties during the year. We sold six retail properties, one office property and a retail land parcel for net proceeds of approximately 274.8 million. We recorded a net gain on sale of approximately 94.8 million. We leased approximately 1.1 million square feet, which included 431,000 square feet of new leases and 660,000 square feet of renewals. We are currently 95.9 leased as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 94.6 as of December 31, 2021. We invested 158.4 million in debt-related investments. We decreased our leverage ratio from 37.6 as of December 31, 2021 to 31.8 as of December 31, 2022. Our leverage ratio for reporting purposes is calculated as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). We raised gross proceeds of approximately 388.9 million from the sale of approximately 44.9 shares of our common stock in our ongoing public offerings, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan. Additionally, we raised 759.0 million of gross capital through private placement offerings by selling DST Interests, 51.5 million of which were financed by DST Program Loans. We redeemed 8.5 million shares of common stock at a weighted-average purchase price of 8.67 per share for an aggregate amount of 73.4 million. We issued 28.8 million units in the Operating Partnership OP Units in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of 252.6 million in accordance with our UPREIT structure. We increased the bank commitments under of our line of credit from 700.0 million to 900.0 million. 

 78 

Table of Contents 
 Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

For the Year Ended December 31, Change in thousands, except per square foot data) 2022 2021 Revenues: Rental revenues 289,234 209,176 80,058 38.3 Debt-related income 9,989 9,174 815 8.9 Total revenues 299,223 218,350 80,873 37.0 Operating expenses: Rental expenses 103,953 69,773 34,180 49.0 Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 134,617 74,415 60,202 80.9 General and administrative expenses 10,570 8,797 1,773 20.2 Advisory fees 33,747 21,433 12,314 57.5 Performance participation allocation 23,747 15,327 8,420 54.9 Acquisition costs and reimbursements 5,427 2,636 2,791 NM Impairment of real estate property 758 (758) (100.0) Credit loss expense 1,799 1,799 NM Total operating expenses 313,860 193,139 120,721 62.5 Other (income) expenses: Equity in loss (income) from unconsolidated joint venture partnership(s) (2,970) (114) (2,856) NM Interest expense 140,406 70,494 69,912 99.2 Gain on sale of real estate property (94,827) (77,857) (16,970) (21.8) Gain on derivative instruments (4,723) (71) (4,652) NM Other income and expenses (2,860) (1,781) (1,079) (60.6) Total other (income) expenses 35,026 (9,329) 44,355 NM Net loss (49,663) 34,540 (84,203) NM Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 370 (221) 591 NM Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 9,314 (3,565) 12,879 NM Net loss attributable to common stockholders (39,979) 30,754 (70,733) NM Net loss per common share - basic and diluted (0.21) 0.20 (0.40) NM 

 NM = Not meaningful Rental Revenues. Rental revenues are comprised of rental income, straight-line rent, and amortization of above- and below-market lease assets and liabilities. Total rental revenues increased by approximately 80.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in non-same store revenues, which was attributable to the significant growth in our portfolio, partially offset by our disposition activity since January 2021. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store revenues. The following table presents the components of our consolidated rental revenues: 

For the Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Rental income 281,721 200,237 81,484 40.7 Straight-line rent 3,414 5,849 (2,435) (41.6) Amortization of above- and below-market intangibles 4,099 3,090 1,009 32.7 Total rental revenues 289,234 209,176 80,058 38.3 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Rental Expenses. Rental expenses include certain property operating expenses typically reimbursed by our customers, such as real estate taxes, property insurance, property management fees, repair and maintenance, and include certain non-recoverable expenses, such as consulting services and roof repairs. Total rental expenses increased by approximately 34.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to (i) an increase in non-same store expenses, which was attributable to the significant growth in our portfolio since January 1, 2021, partially offset by our disposition activity since January 1, 2021; and (ii) increased real estate tax expense across our portfolio, in aggregate. See Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations below for further details of the same store expenses. The following table presents the various components of our rental expenses: 

For the Year Ended December 31, Change (in thousands) 2022 2021 Real estate taxes 43,276 27,815 15,461 55.6 Repairs and maintenance 22,152 18,589 3,563 19.2 Utilities 10,736 7,166 3,570 49.8 Property management fees 7,052 5,062 1,990 39.3 Insurance 4,635 2,531 2,104 83.1 Other 16,102 8,610 7,492 87.0 Total rental expenses 103,953 69,773 34,180 49.0 All Remaining Income and Expenses. The net amount of the remaining (income) and expenses increased by 130.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to the following: an increase in interest expense of 69.9 million driven primarily by higher interest expense on financing obligations associated with an increase in the sale of interests related to our DST Program and higher interest expense on certain variable interest rate debt; an increase in real estate-related depreciation and amortization of 60.2 million driven by our net acquisition activity; and an increase in advisory fees and performance participation allocation of 20.7 million due to increased capital raised through our public offerings and DST Program and the continued increased performance of our portfolio . 
 Partially offset by: larger gains on our 2022 real property dispositions of 17.0 million. 
 Segment Summary for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Same Store Portfolio Results of Operations Net operating income NOI is a supplemental non-GAAP measure of our property operating results. We define NOI as operating revenues less operating expenses. While we believe our net income (loss), as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall performance, we consider NOI to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure. We believe NOI provides useful information to our investors regarding our results of operations because NOI reflects the operating performance of our properties and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of properties, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, acquisition-related expenses, impairment charges, interest expense, gains on sale of properties, other income and expense, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt and noncontrolling interests. However, NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items, which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating NOI, therefore, our investors should consider net income (loss) as the primary indicator our overall financial performance. We evaluate the performance of consolidated operating properties we own and manage using a same store analysis because the population of properties in this analysis is consistent from period to period, thereby eliminating the effects of any material changes in the composition of the aggregate portfolio on performance measures. We have defined the same store portfolio to include consolidated operating properties owned for the entirety of both the current and prior reporting periods for which the operations had been stabilized. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Unconsolidated properties are excluded from the same store portfolio because we account for our interest in our joint venture partnership using the equity method of accounting; therefore, our proportionate share of income and loss is recognized in income (loss) of our unconsolidated joint venture partnership on the consolidated statements of operations. Other operating properties not meeting the same store criteria are reflected in the non-same store portfolio. Our same store analysis may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies and should not be considered to be more relevant or accurate in evaluating our operating performance than current GAAP methodology. The same store operating portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 presented below includes 44 properties totaling 9.6 million square feet owned as of January 1, 2021, which represented 51.7 of total rentable square feet as of December 31, 2022. The following table reconciles GAAP net income (loss) to same store portfolio NOI for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders (39,979) 30,754 Debt-related income (9,989) (9,174) Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 134,617 74,415 General and administrative expenses 10,570 8,797 Advisory fees 33,747 21,433 Performance participation allocation 23,747 15,327 Acquisition costs and reimbursements 5,427 2,636 Impairment of real estate property 758 Credit loss expense 1,799 Equity in income from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships (2,970) (114) Interest expense 140,406 70,494 Gain on sale of real estate property (94,827) (77,857) Gain on derivative instruments (4,723) (71) Other income (2,860) (1,781) Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests (370) 221 Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests (9,314) 3,565 Net operating income 185,281 139,403 Less: Non-same store NOI 75,251 28,521 Same store NOI 110,030 110,882 Our markets are aggregated into four reportable segments: office, retail, residential and industrial. Our segments are based on our internal reporting of operating results used to assess performance based on the type of our properties. These segments are comprised of the markets by which management and its operating teams conduct and monitor business. See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our segments. Management considers rental revenues and NOI aggregated by segment to be an appropriate way to analyze performance. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 The following table includes a breakout of results for our same store portfolio by segment for rental revenues, rental expenses and NOI for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, Change in thousands, except per square foot data) 2022 2021 Rental revenues: Office 49,891 51,993 (2,102) (4.0) Retail 54,082 52,204 1,878 3.6 Residential 32,433 28,576 3,857 13.5 Industrial 33,978 33,499 479 1.4 Total same store rental revenues 170,384 166,272 4,112 2.5 Non-same store properties 118,850 42,904 75,946 NM Total rental revenues 289,234 209,176 80,058 38.3 Rental expenses: Office (23,781) (21,516) (2,265) (10.5) Retail (14,606) (13,477) (1,129) (8.4) Residential (13,624) (12,656) (968) (7.6) Industrial (8,343) (7,741) (602) (7.8) Total same store rental expenses (60,354) (55,390) (4,964) (9.0) Non-same store properties (43,599) (14,383) (29,216) NM Total rental expenses (103,953) (69,773) (34,180) (49.0) NOI: Office 26,110 30,477 (4,367) (14.3) Retail 39,476 38,727 749 1.9 Residential 18,809 15,920 2,889 18.1 Industrial 25,635 25,758 (123) (0.5) Total same store NOI 110,030 110,882 (852) (0.8) Non-same store properties 75,251 28,521 46,730 NM Total NOI 185,281 139,403 45,878 32.9 Same store average percentage leased: Office 75.8 81.8 Retail 95.1 94.0 Residential 94.6 95.0 Industrial 98.3 98.2 Same store average annualized base rent per square foot: Office 36.11 34.26 Retail 20.89 19.92 Residential 27.18 24.63 Industrial 5.53 5.14 Office Segment. Our office segment same store NOI decreased by approximately 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to reduced occupancy and increased non-recoverable operating expenses at certain of our office properties and reduced termination fee revenue at our Bala Pointe property in 2022. Retail Segment. Our retail segment same store NOI increased by approximately 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to increased occupancy and percentage rent at certain of our retail properties during 2022. Residential Segment. Our residential segment same store NOI increased by approximately 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 primarily due to increased market rents and reduced rent concessions at certain of our residential properties during 2022. Industrial Segment. Our industrial segment same store NOI stayed consistent for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a comparison of our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. ADDITIONAL MEASURES OF PERFORMANCE Funds From Operations FFO and Adjusted Funds From Operations AFFO We believe that FFO and AFFO, in addition to net income (loss) and cash flows from operating activities as defined by GAAP, are useful supplemental performance measures that our management uses to evaluate our consolidated operating performance. However, these supplemental, non-GAAP measures should not be considered as alternatives to net income (loss) or to cash flows from operating activities as indications of our performance and are not intended to be used as liquidity measures indicative of cash flow available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. No single measure can provide users of financial information with sufficient information and only our disclosures read as a whole can be relied upon to adequately portray our financial position, liquidity, and results of operations. In addition, other REITs may define FFO, AFFO, and similar measures differently and choose to treat certain accounting line items in a manner different from us due to specific differences in investment and operating strategy or for other reasons. FFO. As defined by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), FFO is a non-GAAP measure that excludes certain items such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization. We believe FFO is a meaningful supplemental measure of our operating performance that is useful to investors because depreciation and amortization in accordance with GAAP implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. By excluding gains or losses on the sale of assets, we believe FFO provides a helpful additional measure of our consolidated operating performance on a comparative basis. We use FFO as an indication of our consolidated operating performance and as a guide to making decisions about future investments. AFFO. AFFO further adjusts FFO to reflect the performance of our portfolio by adjusting for items we believe are not directly attributable to our operations. Our adjustments to FFO to arrive at AFFO include removing the impact of (i) our performance participation allocation, (ii) unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of financial instruments, and (iii) financing obligation liability appreciation (depreciation) . Although some REITs may present certain performance measures differently, we believe FFO and AFFO generally facilitate a comparison to other REITs that have similar operating characteristics to us. We believe investors are best served if the information that is made available to them allows them to align their analyses and evaluation with the same performance metrics used by management in planning and executing our business strategy. Neither the SEC, NAREIT, nor any regulatory body has passed judgment on the acceptability of the adjustments used to calculate FFO or AFFO. In the future, the SEC, NAREIT, or a regulatory body may decide to standardize the allowable adjustments across the non-traded REIT industry at which point we may adjust our calculations and characterizations of FFO and AFFO. 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 The following unaudited table presents a reconciliation of GAAP net income (loss) to NAREIT FFO and AFFO: 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 GAAP net (loss) income (49,663) 34,540 (16,059) Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 233,304 174,330 154,052 GAAP net (loss) income per common share diluted (0.21) 0.20 (0.10) Adjustments to arrive at FFO: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 134,617 74,415 62,923 Impairment of real estate property 758 Gain on sale of real estate property (94,827) (77,857) (13,335) Our share of adjustments from joint venture partnerships 3,434 NAREIT FFO (6,439) 31,856 33,529 NAREIT FFO per common share diluted (0.03) 0.18 0.22 Adjustments to arrive at AFFO: Performance participation allocation 23,747 15,327 4,608 Unrealized (gain) loss on financial instruments (1) (2,252) (71) 13 Financing obligation liability appreciation 31,737 5,822 3,936 Our share of adjustments from joint venture partnerships (1,612) AFFO 45,181 52,934 42,086 

 (1) Unrealized (gain) loss from changes in fair value of financial instruments primarily relates to mark-to-market changes on our derivatives not designated as cash flow hedges and our debt-related investments. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Liquidity Our primary sources of capital for meeting our cash requirements include debt financings, cash generated from operating activities, net proceeds from our public and private offerings, and asset sales. Our principal uses of funds are distributions to our stockholders, payments under our debt obligations and payments pursuant to the master lease agreements related to properties in our DST Program, redemption payments, acquisition of properties and other investments, and capital expenditures. Over time, we intend to fund a majority of our cash needs, including the repayment of debt and capital expenditures, from operating cash flows and refinancings. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.4 million of borrowings, including scheduled amortization payments, and 51.6 million of future minimum lease payments related to the properties in our DST Program coming due in the next 12 months. We expect to be able to repay our principal and interest obligations over the next 12 months and beyond through operating cash flows, refinancings, borrowings under our line of credit, proceeds from capital raise and/or disposition proceeds. Additionally, given the increase in market volatility, increased interest rates, high inflation and the potential recessionary environment, we may experience a decreased pace of net proceeds raised from our public offering, reducing our ability to purchase assets, which may similarly delay the returns generated from our investments and affect our NAV. Our Advisor, subject to the oversight of our board of directors and, under certain circumstances, the investment committee or other committees established by our board of directors, will evaluate potential acquisitions or dispositions and will engage in negotiations with buyers, sellers and lenders on our behalf. Pending investment in property, debt, or other investments, we may decide to temporarily invest any unused proceeds from our public offerings in certain investments that are expected to yield lower returns than those earned on real estate assets. These lower returns may affect our NAV and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Potential future sources of capital include proceeds from secured or unsecured financings from banks or other lenders, proceeds from our public and private offerings, proceeds from the sale of assets, and undistributed funds from operations. As of December 31, 2022, our financial position was strong with 31.8 leverage , calculated as outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures) . In addition, our consolidated portfolio was 95.5 occupied (95.9 leased) as of December 31, 2022 and is diversified across 90 properties totaling 18.5 million square feet across 33 geographic markets. Our properties contain a diverse roster of 400 commercial customers, large and small, and has an allocation based on fair value of real 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 properties as determined by our NAV calculation of 36.3 residential, 34.5 industrial, 16.0 retail, which is primarily grocery-anchored, and 13.2 office. We believe that our cash on-hand, anticipated net offering proceeds, proceeds from our line of credit, and other financing and disposition activities should be sufficient to meet our anticipated future acquisition, operating, debt service, distribution and redemption requirements. Cash Flows. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the following periods: 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Total cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 62,528 49,390 13,138 Investing activities (1,184,914) (706,708) (478,206) Financing activities 1,125,220 649,936 475,284 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 2,834 (7,382) 10,216 2022 Cash Flows Compared to 2021 Cash Flows Net cash provided by operating activities increased by approximately 13.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to growth in our property operations as a result of our acquisition activity over the last year. Net cash used in investing activities increased by approximately 478.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to (i) an increase in real property acquisition activity of 414.3 million; and (ii) an increase in investment activity related to our debt-related investments of 100.1 million. These drivers were partially offset by an increase in net disposition proceeds of 51.0 million. Net cash provided by financing activities increased by approximately 475.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the same period in 2021, primarily due to an increase in net offering activity from our DST Program and public offering of 519.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in borrowing activity of 32.6 million. 2021 Cash Flows Compared to 2020 Cash Flows See Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a comparison of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Capital Resources and Uses of Liquidity In addition to our cash and cash equivalents balances available, our capital resources and uses of liquidity are as follows: Line of Credit and Term Loans. As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate of 1.7 billion of commitments under our unsecured credit agreement, including 900.0 million under our line of credit and 800.0 million under our two term loans. As of that date, we had: (i) 235.0 million outstanding under our line of credit; and (ii) 800.0 million outstanding under our term loans. The weighted-average effective interest rate across all of our unsecured borrowings is 4.57 , which includes the effect of the interest rate swap agreements related to 650.0 million in borrowings under our term loans. As of December 31, 2022, the unused and available portions under our line of credit were 665.0 million and 623.7 million, respectively. Our 900.0 million line of credit matures in November 2025, and may be extended pursuant to two six-month extension options, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of extension fees. One 400.0 million term loan matures in November 2026, with no extension option available. Our other 400.0 million term loan matures in January 2027, with no extension option available. Our line of credit borrowings are available for general corporate purposes, including but not limited to the refinancing of other debt, payment of redemptions, acquisition and operation of permitted investments. Refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding our line of credit and term loans. 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA that regulates LIBOR announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. Any changes adopted by the FCA or other governing bodies in the method used for determining LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR. If that were to occur, our interest payments could change. In addition, uncertainty about the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than if LIBOR were to remain available in its current form. LIBOR is expected to be phased out or modified by June 2023 . As of December 31, 2022, certain of our mortgage notes have an initial or extended maturity dates beyond 2023 with exposure to LIBOR. The agreements governing these loans provide procedures for determining a replacement or alternative base rate in the event that LIBOR is discontinued. However, there can be no assurances as to whether such replacement or alternative base rate will be more or less favorable than LIBOR. We intend to monitor the developments with respect to the phasing out of LIBOR after 2023 and work with our lenders to seek to ensure any transition away from LIBOR will have minimal impact on our financial condition, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR . Mortgage Notes. As of December 31, 2022, we had property-level borrowings of approximately 587.9 million outstanding with a weighted-average remaining term of approximately 4.3 years. These borrowings are secured by mortgages or deeds of trust and related assignments and security interests in the collateralized properties, and had a weighted-average interest rate of 3.85 . Refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for additional information regarding the mortgage notes. Debt Covenants. Our line of credit, term loan and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, our line of credit and term loan agreements contain certain corporate level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio, and tangible net worth thresholds. These covenants may limit our ability to incur additional debt, or to pay distributions. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. Leverage. We use financial leverage to provide additional funds to support our investment activities. We may finance a portion of the purchase price of any real estate asset that we acquire with borrowings on a short or long-term basis from banks, life insurance companies and other lenders. We calculate our leverage for reporting purposes as the outstanding principal balance of our borrowings less cash and cash equivalents divided by the fair value of our real property, net investments in our unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities and debt-related investments not associated with the DST Program (determined in accordance with our valuation procedures). We had leverage of 31.8 as of December 31, 2022. Our current target leverage ratio is between 40-60 . Although we will generally work to maintain our targeted leverage ratio, there are no assurances that we will maintain the targeted range disclosed above or achieve any other leverage ratio that we may target in the future. Due to the increase in interest rates in 2022, increased market volatility, and the potential of global recession in the near-term, the cost of financing or refinancing our assets may affect returns generated by our investments. Additionally, these factors may cause our borrowing capacity to be reduced, which could similarly delay or reduce benefits to our stockholders. Future Minimum Lease Payments Related to the DST Program. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.0 billion of future minimum lease payments related to the DST Program. The underlying interests of each property that is sold to investors pursuant to the DST Program are leased back by an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership on a long-term basis of up to 29 years. Offering Proceeds. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of aggregate gross proceeds raised from our public offerings (including shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan) was 388.9 million 364.8 million net of direct selling costs). Distributions. To obtain the favorable tax treatment accorded to REITs, we normally will be required each year to distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our real estate investment trust taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for distributions paid and by excluding net capital gains. The payment of distributions is determined by our board of directors and may be adjusted at its discretion at any time. Distribution levels are set by our board of directors at a level it believes to be appropriate and sustainable based upon a review of a variety of factors including the current and anticipated market conditions, current and anticipated future performance and make-up of our investments, our overall financial projections and expected future cash needs. We intend to continue to make distributions on a monthly basis. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 The following table outlines sources used, as determined on a GAAP basis, to pay total gross distributions (which are paid in cash or reinvested in shares of our common stock through our distribution reinvestment plan) for the periods indicated below: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 in thousands) Amount Percentage Amount Percentage Distributions Paid in cash (1) 57,551 65.8 41,727 63.9 Reinvested in shares 29,893 34.2 23,595 36.1 Total (2) 87,444 100.0 65,322 100.0 Sources of Distributions Cash flows from operating activities 57,551 65.8 41,727 63.9 DRIP (3) 29,893 34.2 23,595 36.1 Total (2) 87,444 100.0 65,322 100.0 

 (1) Includes other cash distributions consisting of: (i) distributions paid to noncontrolling interest holders; and (ii) ongoing distribution fees paid to the Dealer Manager with respect to Class T, Class S and Class D shares and OP Units. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further detail regarding the ongoing distribution fees. (2) Includes distributions paid to holders of OP Units for redeemable noncontrolling interests. (3) Stockholders may elect to have their distributions reinvested in shares of our common stock through our distribution reinvestment plan. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our FFO was (6.4) million, or (7.3) of our total distributions, and 31.9 million, or 48.8 of our total distributions, respectively. FFO is a non-GAAP operating metric and should not be used as a liquidity measure. However, management believes the relationship between FFO and distributions may be meaningful for investors to better understand the sustainability of our operating performance compared to distributions made. Refer to Additional Measures of Performance above for the definition of FFO, as well as a detailed reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to FFO. Redemptions. Below is a summary of redemptions and repurchases pursuant to our share redemption program for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Our board of directors may modify or suspend our current share redemption programs if it deems such action to be in the best interest of our stockholders. Refer to Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchasers of Equity Securities Share Redemption Program for detail regarding our share redemption program. 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except for per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Number of shares redeemed or repurchased 8,466 8,784 14,071 Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed or repurchased 73,378 67,234 105,588 Average redemption or repurchase price per share 8.67 7.65 7.50 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received and redeemed 100 of eligible redemption requests for an aggregate amount of approximately 73.4 million and 67.2 million, respectively, which we redeemed using cash flows from operating activities in excess of our distributions paid in cash, cash on hand, proceeds from our public offerings, proceeds from the disposition of properties, and borrowings under our revolving line of credit. We generally repay funds borrowed from our revolving line of credit from a variety of sources including: cash flows from operating activities in excess of our distributions; proceeds from our public offerings; proceeds from the disposition of properties; and other longer-term borrowings. In addition, refer to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for detail regarding our redemption activity relating to OP Units. We experienced aggregate positive net inflows during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022, from the proceeds of our capital raising efforts, including from the DST Program. When measuring capital inflows for these purposes (and aggregating them for quarter-to-date purposes), proceeds from new subscriptions in a month are included on the first day of the next month because that is the first day on which such shareholders have rights in the Company. New subscriptions for interests in our DST Program are included in the month in which they close. When measuring monthly capital outflows for these purposes (and aggregating them for quarter-to-date purposes), both share and OP unit redemption requests received in a month are included on the last day of such 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 month because that is the last day the shareholders or unitholders, respectively, have rights in the Company. We record these redemptions in our financial statements as having occurred on the first day of the next month following receipt of the redemption request because shares redeemed in a given month are considered outstanding through the last day of the month. Although our quarterly aggregate net flows may be positive, any given month or component may be negative . SUBSEQUENT EVENTS See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for information regarding subsequent events. INFLATION Increases in the costs of owning and operating our properties due to inflation could impact our results of operations and financial condition to the extent such increases are not paid or reimbursed by our customers. Substantially all of our commercial leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense reimbursement escalations over a base amount. In addition, our leases provide for fixed base rent increases or indexed increases. As a result, inflationary increases in costs may be offset in part or in full by the contractual rent increases and operating expense reimbursement provisions or escalations. Our residential leases typically have initial terms of 12 months or less, which generally enables us to compensate for inflationary effects by adjusting rental rates on our residential leases to the extent the market will bear such adjustment. In the United States, inflation is at a 40-year high, and its impact on the U.S. economy and the impact of any measures that may be taken by government officials to curb inflation remain uncertain. Periods of excessive or prolonged inflation may negatively impact our customers businesses, resulting in increased vacancy, concessions or bad debt expense, which may adversely and materially affect our results of operations, financial condition, NAV and cash flows. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that require management to make challenging, subjective, or complex judgments, often because they must estimate the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Critical accounting estimates involve judgments and uncertainties that are sufficiently sensitive and may result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions and can have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Investment in Real Estate Properties We first determine whether an acquisition constitutes a business or asset acquisition. Upon determination of an asset acquisition, the purchase price of a property is allocated to land, building and improvements, and intangible lease assets and liabilities. Fair value determinations are based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates, as well as certain available market information. The fair value of land, building and improvements considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. The fair value of intangible lease assets is based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each lease. Factors considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, current market conditions and market rates, the customer s credit quality and costs to execute similar leases. The fair value of above- and below-market leases is calculated as the present value of the difference between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and our estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, using a discount rate that reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired and measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed-rate renewal options for below market leases. In estimating carrying costs, we include estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider tenant improvements, leasing commissions and legal and other related expenses. Impairment of Real Estate Properties We review our investment in real estate properties individually whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recorded for the difference between estimated fair value of the real estate property and the carrying amount when the estimated future cash flows and the estimated liquidation value of the real estate property are less than the real estate property carrying amount. Our estimates of future cash flows and liquidation values require us to make assumptions that are subject to economic and market uncertainties including, among others, demand for space, competition for customers, changes in market rental rates, costs to operate each property, and expected ownership periods that can be difficult to predict. 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Interest Rate Risk We have been and may continue to be exposed to the impact of interest rate changes. Our interest rate risk management objectives are to limit the impact of interest rate changes on earnings and cash flows, and optimize overall borrowing costs. To achieve these objectives, we often plan to borrow on a fixed interest rate basis for longer-term debt and utilize interest rate swap and cap agreements on certain variable interest rate debt in order to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our results of operations. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated debt outstanding consisted of borrowings under our line of credit, term loans and mortgage notes. Fixed Interest Rate Debt. As of December 31, 2022, our fixed interest rate debt consisted of 380.3 million under our mortgage notes and 650.0 million of borrowings under our term loans that were effectively fixed through the use of interest rate swaps. In total, our fixed interest rate debt represented 63.5 of our total consolidated debt as of December 31, 2022. Interest rate fluctuations will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows on our fixed interest rate debt unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes could affect the fair value of our fixed interest rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value and the carrying value of our consolidated fixed interest rate debt, excluding the values of any associated hedges, was 989.6 million and 1.0 billion, respectively. The fair value estimate of this debt was estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing rates we would expect to pay for debt of a similar type and remaining maturity if the loans were originated on December 31, 2022. Given we generally expect to hold our fixed interest rate debt instruments to maturity or when they otherwise open up for prepayment at par, and the amounts due under such debt instruments should be limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest at such time, we do not expect that the resulting change in fair value of our fixed interest rate debt instruments due to market fluctuations in interest rates, would have a significant impact on our operating cash flows. Variable Interest Rate Debt. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated variable interest rate debt consisted of 235.0 million of borrowings under our line of credit, 150.0 million of borrowings under our term loans, and 207.6 million under our mortgage notes, which represented 36.5 of our total consolidated debt. Interest rate changes on the variable portion of our consolidated variable-rate debt could impact our future earnings and cash flows, but would not necessarily affect the fair value of such debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on 592.6 million of consolidated borrowings; however, 207.6 million of these borrowings are capped through the use of two interest rate cap agreements. A hypothetical 25 basis points increase in the all-in rate on the outstanding balance of our consolidated variable interest rate debt as of December 31, 2022, would increase our annual interest expense by approximately 1.0 million, including the effects of our interest rate cap agreements. Derivative Instruments. As of December 31, 2022, we had 14 outstanding and effective derivative instruments with a total notional amount of 857.6 million. These derivative instruments were comprised of interest rate swaps and interest rate caps that were designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for further detail on our derivative instruments. We are exposed to credit risk of the counterparty to our interest rate cap and swap agreements in the event of non-performance under the terms of the agreements. If we were not able to replace these caps or swaps in the event of non-performance by the counterparty, we would be subject to variability of the interest rate on the amount outstanding under our debt that is fixed or capped through the use of the swaps or caps, respectively. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc.: Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule III (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Evaluation of the estimated fair value of certain acquired tangible assets As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company acquired land of 154.4 million and building and improvements of 1.0 billion during 2022 that were accounted for as asset acquisitions. Upon an asset acquisition, the purchase price is allocated to land, building and improvements, and intangible lease assets and liabilities based on their relative fair value. We identified the evaluation of the estimated fair value of certain acquired tangible assets in asset acquisitions as a critical audit matter. The tangible assets included land and building and improvements. Specifically, subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the assumptions used in the Company s determination of the estimated fair values of these assets, which included comparable land sales and the estimated replacement cost of building and improvements. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the Company s estimated fair value of certain acquired tangible assets by independently developing ranges of comparable land sales and estimated replacement costs of building and improvements and comparing those ranges to the amounts determined by management. Assessment of the expected hold periods for investments in real estate properties As described in Note 3, the Company had 3.6 billion of net investment in real estate properties as of December 31, 2022. The Company evaluates properties for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, including shortening the expected hold periods of such properties, indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We identified the assessment of the expected hold periods for investments in real estate properties as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required in assessing the events or changes in circumstances used by the Company to evaluate the expected hold periods for investments in real estate assets. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the Company s hold periods by inquiring of management, considering the current economic environment, reading minutes of the meetings of the Company s Board of Directors, and analyzing documents prepared by the Company regarding proposed real estate transactions and potential triggering events. We inquired of management and inspected documentation from the Company regarding the status and evaluation of any potential disposal of properties, which we corroborated with others in the organization who are responsible for, and have authority over, disposition activities. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. Denver, Colorado March 20, 2023 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Net investment in real estate properties Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships Debt-related investments, net Investment in available-for-sale securities, at fair value Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash DST Program Loans Other assets Assets held for sale Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Debt, net Intangible lease liabilities, net Financing obligations, net Other liabilities Liabilities related to assets held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Redeemable noncontrolling interest Equity Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized, issued and outstanding Class T common stock, par value shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class S common stock, par value shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class D common stock, par value shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class I common stock, par value shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Class E common stock, par value shares authorized, shares and shares issued and outstanding , respectively Additional paid-in capital Distributions in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental revenues Debt-related income Total revenues Operating expenses: Rental expenses Real estate-related depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Advisory fees Performance participation allocation Acquisition costs and reimbursements Litigation expense Impairment of real estate property Credit loss expense Total operating expenses Other expenses (income): Equity in income from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Interest expense Gain on sale of real estate property ) ) ) (Gain) loss on derivative instruments ) ) Other income ) ) ) Total other expenses (income) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net loss (income) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders per common share basic and diluted See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities ) Change from activities related to available-for-sale securities Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Stockholders Equity Accumulated Additional Distributions Other Common Stock Paid-in in Excess of Comprehensive Noncontrolling Total (in thousands) Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income (Loss) Interests Equity Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Change from cash flow hedging activities (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Distributions declared on common stock and noncontrolling interests (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) Change from cash flow hedging activities (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Contributions of noncontrolling interests Distributions declared on common stock and noncontrolling interests (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities (excluding attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) Issuance of common stock Share-based compensation Upfront offering costs, including selling commissions, dealer manager fees, and offering costs ) ) Trailing distribution fees ) ) ) Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests Other noncontrolling interests net distributions ) ) Distributions declared on common stock and noncontrolling interests (excludes attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest) ) ) ) Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) Redemptions of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income (loss) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Real estate-related depreciation and amortization Straight-line rent and amortization of above- and below-market leases ) ) ) Gain on sale of real estate property ) ) ) Performance participation allocation Equity in income of unconsolidated joint venture partnership ) ) Impairment of real estate property Amortization of deferred financing costs Financing obligation liability appreciation Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Real estate acquisitions ) ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of real estate property Investments in debt-related investments ) ) ) Principal collections on debt-related investments Investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Investment in available-for-sale securities ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from mortgage notes Repayments of mortgage notes ) ) ) Net (repayments of) proceeds from line of credit ) Proceeds from term loan Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) Distributions paid to common stockholders, redeemable noncontrolling interest holders and noncontrolling interest holders ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from financing obligations, net Offering costs for issuance of common stock and private placements ) ) ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Redemption of redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Deferred financing costs paid ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS properties. We operate reportable segments: retail, office, residential, and industrial. As used herein, the term commercial refers to our office, retail and industrial properties or customers, as applicable. See Note 17 for information regarding the financial results by segment. We believe we have operated in such a manner as to qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and we intend to continue to operate in accordance with the requirements for qualification as a REIT. We utilize an Umbrella Partnership Real Estate Investment Trust UPREIT organizational structure to hold all or substantially all of our assets through an operating partnership, AREIT Operating Partnership LP (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner and a limited partner. We are currently offering shares pursuant to a public offering and intend to operate as a perpetual-life REIT, which means that we intend to offer shares continuously through our ongoing primary offerings and our distribution reinvestment plan. See Note 10 for detail regarding our public offerings. 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 million, million and million, respectively, related to write-offs of unamortized intangible lease assets and liabilities due to early lease terminations. Land, building, building improvements, tenant improvements, lease commissions, and intangible lease assets and liabilities, which are collectively referred to as real estate assets, are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Costs associated with the development and improvement of our real estate assets are capitalized as incurred. These costs include capitalized interest, insurance, real estate taxes and certain general and administrative expenses if such costs are incremental and identifiable to a specific activity to prepare the real estate asset for its intended use. Costs incurred in making repairs and maintaining real estate assets are expensed as incurred. - Tenant improvements Lesser of useful life or lease term Lease commissions Over lease term Intangible in-place lease assets Over lease term Above-market lease assets Over lease term Below-market lease liabilities Over lease term, including below-market fixed-rate renewal options Certain of our investments in real estate are subject to ground leases, for which a lease liability and corresponding right of use asset are recognized. We calculate the amount of the lease liability and right of use asset by taking the present value of the remaining lease payments and adjusting the right of use asset for any existing straight-line ground rent liability and acquired ground lease intangibles. An estimated incremental borrowing rate of a loan with a similar term as the ground lease is used as the discount rate. The lease liability is included as a component of other liabilities, and the related right of use asset is recorded as a component of net investments in real estate properties on our consolidated balance sheets. The amortization of the below-market ground lease is recorded as an adjustment to real estate-related depreciation and amortization on our consolidated statements of operations. Real estate assets that are determined to be held and used will be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, and we will evaluate the recoverability of such real estate assets based on estimated future cash flows and the estimated liquidation value of such real estate assets, and provide for impairment if such undiscounted cash flows are insufficient to recover the carrying amount of the real estate asset. If impaired, the real estate asset will be written down to its estimated fair value. There were impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. Refer to Note 3 for detail regarding the non-cash impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2021. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 impairment losses were recorded related to our investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We did not have any investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships during the year ended December 31, 2020. million credit loss reserve related to senior loan debt-related investment. Credit loss reserves were immaterial as of December 31, 2021. Debt-related investments are placed on non-accrual status at the earlier of when principal or interest payments are 90 days past due or when management has determined there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is reversed against interest income in the period the investment is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual investments may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability of the investment based on the facts and circumstances regarding the payment received. Non-accrual investments are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. Mezzanine loans Total debt-related investments (2) As of December 31, 2021 Senior loans Total debt-related investments 

 (1) The difference between the carrying amount and the outstanding principal amount of the debt-related investments consists of unamortized purchase discount, deferred financing costs, loan origination costs, and any recorded credit loss reserves, if applicable. 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, related to senior loan debt-related investment that was in default and on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. We recorded an impairment loss of million related to this senior loan during the year ended December 31, 2022 and included the impairment loss in credit loss expense on the consolidated statements of operations. This senior loan was approved for sale during the fourth quarter of 2022 and therefore the carrying amount has been reduced to its fair value of as it is held for sale as of December 31, 2022. Weighted-average interest rate and weighted-average remaining life excludes this senior loan from its calculations. 
 credit loss recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, and we did t have any available-for-sale debt securities during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Available-for-sale debt securities will be on non-accrual status at the earlier of (i) principal or interest payments becoming 90 days past due or (ii) management s determination that there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected in full. Accrued and unpaid interest is reversed against interest income in the period the debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual securities may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability of the debt security based on the facts and circumstances regarding the payment received. Non-accrual debt securities are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included million, million and million, respectively, of amortization of debt issuance costs. Accumulated amortization of financing costs associated with financing obligations was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 included million, million and million, respectively, of amortization of financing costs associated with financing obligations. 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in our other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. In connection with property acquisitions, we may acquire leases with rental rates above or below estimated market rental rates. Above-market lease assets are amortized as a reduction to rental revenue over the remaining lease term, and below-market lease liabilities are amortized as an increase to rental revenue over the remaining lease term, plus any applicable fixed-rate renewal option periods. We expense any unamortized intangible lease asset or record an adjustment to rental revenue for any unamortized above-market lease asset or below-market lease liability by reassessing the estimated remaining useful life of such intangible lease asset or liability when it becomes probable a customer will terminate a lease before the stated lease expiration date. Upon disposition of a real estate asset, we will evaluate the transaction to determine if control of the asset, as well as other specified criteria, has been transferred to the buyer to determine proper timing of recognizing gains or losses. Debt-related income is accrued based on the outstanding principal amount and the contractual terms of each debt-related investment or debt security. For debt-related investments, the origination fees, contractual exit fees and direct loan origination costs are also recognized in interest income over the initial loan term as a yield adjustment using the effective interest method. For available-for-sale debt securities, premiums or discounts are amortized or accreted into interest income as a yield adjustment using the effective interest method. 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Buildings and improvements Intangible lease assets Right of use asset Investment in real estate properties Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net investment in real estate properties 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 of the following properties through asset acquisitions, except as noted below: 

in thousands) Property Type Acquisition Date Total Purchase Price (1) 2022 Acquisitions: General Washington IC Industrial 1/7/2022 Western Foods Center Industrial 1/14/2022 Orlando I II LC Industrial 2/17/2022 Orlando III IV LC Industrial 2/17/2022 Orlando V LC Industrial 2/17/2022 Orlando VI LC Industrial 2/17/2022 Orlando VII LC Industrial 2/17/2022 1403 Gillingham Lane Industrial 6/10/2022 Industrial Drive IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Glen Afton IC Industrial 6/17/2022 East 56th Ave IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Brockton IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Pine Vista IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Tri-County Parkway IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Miami NW 114th IC Industrial 6/17/2022 North Harney IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Wes Warren Drive IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Enterprise Way IC Industrial 6/17/2022 New Albany IC Industrial 6/17/2022 Maplewood Drive IC Industrial 6/17/2022 1801 N. 5th Street Industrial 6/24/2022 Skye 750 Residential 1/5/2022 Arabelle City Center Residential 4/12/2022 Dallas Cityline Residential 4/13/2022 Dallas Wycliff Residential 4/13/2022 Dallas Maple District Residential 4/13/2022 San Vance Residential 4/13/2022 San Stone Oak Residential 4/13/2022 350 Carter Road Office 4/27/2022 107 Morgan Lane Office 10/28/2022 Total 2022 acquisitions 2021 Acquisitions: Radar Distribution Center Industrial 3/31/2021 Intermountain Space Center Industrial 6/30/2021 Airway Industrial Park Industrial 7/9/2021 Greenwood Business Center Industrial 8/2/2021 25 Linden Industrial Center Industrial 8/31/2021 Little Orchard Business Park Industrial 9/8/2021 Tustin Business Center Industrial 9/22/2021 Campus Drive IC Industrial 10/7/2021 Long Island Logistics Center Industrial 12/9/2021 Phoenix IC Industrial 12/13/2021 Tempe IC Industrial 12/13/2021 Las Vegas IC Industrial 12/13/2021 Barrow Crossing Retail 6/22/2021 oLiv Tucson (2) Residential 10/20/2021 Arabelle Clearwater Residential 11/30/2021 Arabelle Riverwalk (3) Residential 12/28/2021 Total 2021 acquisitions 

 (1) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 interest in this property. As part of the transaction, we assumed a ground lease with remaining and extension options, which resulted in a million right of use asset and a million lease liability associated with the ground lease upon completion of the transaction. (3) Includes debt assumed at fair value as of the acquisition date of million, with a principal amount of million. Building and improvements Intangible lease assets Above-market lease assets Right of use asset (1) Lease liability (1) ) Below-market lease liabilities ) ) Total purchase price (2) 

 (1) Right of use asset and lease liability are related to the ground lease entered into as part of the oLiv Tucson transaction. (2) Total purchase price is equal to the total consideration paid plus any debt assumed at fair value. 
 The weighted-average amortization period for the intangible lease assets and liabilities acquired in connection with our acquisitions during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as of the respective date of each acquisition, were years and years, respectively. Dispositions During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold retail properties, office property, and a land parcel for net proceeds of approximately million. We recorded a net gain on sale of approximately million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we sold retail properties, industrial property and office properties for net proceeds of approximately million. We recorded a net gain on sale of approximately million. Intangible Lease Assets and Liabilities ) ) Above-market lease assets (1) ) ) Below-market lease liabilities ) ) ) ) 

 (1) Included in net investment in real estate properties on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 ) Year 2 ) Year 3 ) Year 4 ) Year 5 ) Thereafter ) Total ) Rental Revenue Adjustments and Depreciation and Amortization Expense Above-market lease amortization ) ) ) Below-market lease amortization Real estate-related depreciation and amortization: Depreciation expense Intangible lease asset amortization Future Minimum Rentals Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Thereafter Total Leases for our residential customers are generally 12 months or less and are therefore excluded from the table above. Real Estate Property Impairment There were impairment charges recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded non-cash impairment charges of million related to a retail property located in the Greater Boston market, which was disposed of in March 2021. Prior to the disposition, we reevaluated the fair value of 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 retail property (Bandera Road) and office property (1 st Avenue) that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. Both properties were sold in the first quarter of 2022. Other assets Assets held for sale Accounts payable and accrued expenses Intangible lease liabilities, net Other liabilities Liabilities related to assets held for sale Net Lease JV I Net Lease Net Lease JV II Net Lease Net Lease JV III Net Lease N/A Total unconsolidated joint venture partnerships 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 of our mortgage notes is currently partial recourse to us, for which we provide million in limited guaranties until we meet certain lender-specified thresholds at the collateralized property. Other than this limited guarantee, the assets and credit of each of our consolidated properties pledged as collateral for our mortgage notes are not available to satisfy our debt and obligations, unless we first satisfy the mortgages note payable on the respective underlying properties. November 2025 Term loan (2) November 2026 Term loan (3) January 2027 Fixed-rate mortgage notes December 2025 - May 2031 Floating-rate mortgage notes (4) October 2024 - October 2026 Total principal amount / weighted-average (5) Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Add: unamortized mark-to-market adjustment on assumed debt Total debt, net Gross book value of properties encumbered by debt 

 (1) The effective interest rate is calculated based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus an basis point adjustment Term SOFR ), plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the unused and available portions under the line of credit were approximately million and million, respectively. The line of credit is available for general business purposes including, but not limited to, refinancing of existing indebtedness and financing the acquisition of permitted investments, including commercial properties. (2) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Term SOFR, plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Total commitments for this term loan are million. The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements relating to approximately million in borrowings under this term loan. (3) The effective interest rate is calculated based on Term SOFR, plus a margin ranging from to , depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. Total commitments for this term loan are million. The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate swap agreements relating to approximately million in borrowings under this term loan. (4) The effective interest rate is calculated based on the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus a margin. As of December 31, 2022, our floating-rate mortgage notes were subject to interest rate spreads ranging from to . The weighted-average interest rate is the all-in interest rate, including the effects of interest rate cap agreements which capped the effective interest rates of our two floating-rate mortgage notes at and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022. (5) The weighted-average remaining term of our consolidated borrowings was approximately years as of December 31, 2022, excluding the impact of certain extension options. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the amount of interest incurred related to our consolidated indebtedness was million, million and million, respectively. See Note 7 for the amount of interest incurred related to the DST Program (as defined below). 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total principal payments 

 (1) The term of the line of credit may be extended pursuant to extension options, subject to certain conditions. In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority FCA that regulates LIBOR announced it intends to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. As a result, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York organized the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC ), which identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR in derivatives and other financial contracts. Any changes adopted by the FCA or other governing bodies in the method used for determining LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR. If that were to occur, our interest payments could change. In addition, uncertainty about the extent and manner of future changes may result in interest rates and/or payments that are higher or lower than if LIBOR were to remain available in its current form. LIBOR is expected to be phased out or modified by June 2023. As of December 31, 2022, certain of our mortgage notes have initial or extended maturity dates beyond 2023 with exposure to LIBOR. The agreements governing these loans provide procedures for determining a replacement or alternative base rate in the event that LIBOR is discontinued. However, there can be no assurances as to whether such replacement or alternative base rate will be more or less favorable than LIBOR. We intend to monitor the developments with respect to the phasing out of LIBOR after 2023 and work with our lenders to seek to ensure any transition away from LIBOR will have minimal impact on our financial condition, but can provide no assurances regarding the impact of the discontinuation of LIBOR. Debt Covenants Our line of credit, term loans and mortgage note agreements contain various property-level covenants, including customary affirmative and negative covenants. In addition, the line of credit and term loan agreements contain certain corporate-level financial covenants, including leverage ratio, fixed charge coverage ratio, and tangible net worth thresholds. We were in compliance with our debt covenants as of December 31, 2022. Derivative Instruments To manage interest rate risk for certain of our variable-rate debt, we use interest rate derivative instruments as part of our risk management strategy. These derivatives are designed to mitigate the risk of future interest rate increases by either providing a fixed interest rate or capping the variable interest rate for a limited, pre-determined period of time. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty in exchange for us making fixed-rate payments over the life of the interest rate swap agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate caps involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty at the end of each period in which the interest rate exceeds the agreed fixed price. Interest rate caps are not designated as hedges. Certain of our variable-rate borrowings are not hedged, and therefore, to an extent, we have ongoing exposure to interest rate movements. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges, the gain or loss is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI on the consolidated balance sheets and is reclassified into earnings as interest expense for the same period that the hedged transaction affects earnings, which is when the interest expense is recognized on the related debt. During the next 12 months, we estimate that approximately million will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense related to active effective hedges of existing floating-rate debt. Our interest rate cap derivative instruments are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in fair value must be recognized through income. As a result, in periods with high interest rate volatility, we may experience significant fluctuations in our net income (loss). 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Interest rate caps Total derivative instruments As of December 31, 2021 Interest rate swaps Interest rate caps Total derivative instruments ) Amount reclassified from AOCI into interest expense Total interest expense presented in the consolidated statements of operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded Derivative instruments not designated as cash flow hedges: Gain (loss) on derivative instruments presented in the consolidated statements of operations ) 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively, of outstanding DST Program Loans that we have made to partially finance the sale of DST Interests. We include our investments in DST Program Loans separately on our consolidated balance sheets in the DST Program Loans line item and we include income earned from DST Program Loans in other income on our consolidated statements of operations. DST Interests financed by DST Program Loans Income earned from DST Program Loans (1) Financing obligation liability appreciation (2) Rent obligation incurred under master lease agreements (2) 

 (1) Included in other income and expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. (2) Included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, million OP Units, million OP Units and million OP units, respectively, were issued in exchange for DST Interests for a net investment of million, million and million, respectively, in accordance with our UPREIT structure. Refer to Note 13 for detail relating to the fees paid to the Advisor and its affiliates for raising capital through the DST Program. 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Available-for-sale securities Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Derivative instruments Total liabilities measured at fair value As of December 31, 2021 Assets: Derivative instruments Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Derivative instruments Total liabilities measured at fair value The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instrument: Derivative Instruments. The derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and interest rate caps whose fair value is estimated using market-standard valuation models. Such models involve using market-based observable inputs, including interest rate curves. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our nonperformance risk and respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements, which we have concluded are not material to the valuation. Due to these derivative instruments being unique and not actively traded, the fair value is classified as Level 2. See Note 6 above for further discussion of our derivative instruments. Available-for-Sale Debt Securities. The available-for-sale debt securities are debt securities collateralized by mortgages on commercial real estate properties whose fair value is estimated using third-party broker quotes, which provide valuation estimates based upon contractual cash flows, observable inputs comprising credit spreads and market liquidity. We incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both our nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements, which we have concluded are not material to the valuation. Due to the available-for-sale debt securities being unique and not actively traded, the fair value is classified as Level 2. Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, tenant receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and distributions payable approximate their carrying values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The table below includes fair values for certain of our financial instruments for which it is practicable to estimate fair value. DST Program Loans Liabilities: Line of credit Term loans Mortgage notes 

 (1) The carrying value reflects the principal amount outstanding. 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 impact related to uncertain tax positions from our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We had a net deferred tax asset of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is offset by a full valuation allowance. The U.S. is the major tax jurisdiction for us and the earliest tax year subject to examination by the taxing authority is 2019. Distributions Distributions to stockholders are characterized for U.S. federal income tax purposes as: (i) ordinary income; (ii) non-taxable return of capital; or (iii) long-term capital gain. Distributions that exceed our current and accumulated tax earnings and profits constitute a return of capital and reduce the stockholders basis in the common shares. To the extent that a distribution exceeds both current and accumulated earnings and profits and the stockholders basis in the common shares, the distributions will generally be treated as a gain from the sale or exchange of such stockholders common shares. Under the new tax laws effective January 1, 2018, all distributions (other than distributions designated as capital gain distributions and distributions traceable to distributions from a taxable REIT subsidiary) which are received by a pass-through entity or an individual, are eligible for a 20 deduction from gross income. This eligibility for a 20 deduction will expire as of 2025. At the beginning of each year, we notify our stockholders of the taxability of the distributions paid during the preceding year. In any given year, the overall taxability of distributions could be higher or lower than the preceding year. Non-taxable return of capital Capital gain Total distributions The decline in taxable income compared to 2021 is almost entirely due to (i) the increase in the performance participation allocation and (ii) our Advisor s election to receive the 2022 performance fee in cash instead of OP Units. billion in Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I shares of common stock, consisting of up to billion offered in our primary offering and up to billion offered under our distribution reinvestment plan. We may reallocate amounts between the primary offering and distribution reinvestment plan. As of December 31, 2022, billion remained unsold under this registration statement. A public offering of Class E shares under our distribution reinvestment plan. As of December 31, 2022, million remained unsold under this registration statement. 
 
 114 

Table of Contents 
 million from the sale of approximately million shares of our common stock in our ongoing public offerings, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan of approximately million. Common Stock Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) Balance as of December 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock: Primary shares Distribution reinvestment plan Share-based compensation Redemptions of common stock ) ) ) ) ) ) Conversions ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 115 

Table of Contents 
 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total 2021 March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Total 

 (1) Amount reflects the total gross quarterly distribution rate authorized by our board of directors per Class T share, per Class S share, per Class D share, per Class I share, and per Class E share of common stock. Distributions were declared and paid as of monthly record dates. These monthly distributions have been aggregated and presented on a quarterly basis. The distributions on Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares of common stock are reduced by the respective distribution fees that are payable with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares. (2) Consists of distribution fees paid to Ares Wealth Management Solutions, LLC (the Dealer Manager with respect to OP Units and distributions paid to holders of OP Units and other noncontrolling interest holders. (3) Distribution fees are paid monthly to the Dealer Manager, with respect to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares issued in the primary portion of our public offerings only. All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. (4) Gross distributions are total distributions before the deduction of any distribution fees relating to Class T shares, Class S shares and Class D shares issued in the primary portion of our public offerings. 
 Redemptions and Repurchases Aggregate dollar amount of shares redeemed or repurchased Average redemption or repurchase price per share 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Settlement of prior year performance participation allocation (1) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Redemptions to redeemable noncontrolling interests (2) ) Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Change from securities and cash flow hedging activities attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests Redemption value allocation adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests (3) Ending balance 

 (1) The 2021 performance participation allocation in the amount of million became payable on December 31, 2021, and was issued as million Class I OP Units in January 2022. At the direction of the Advisor and in light of our Former Sponsor having been the holder of a separate series of partnership interests in the Operating Partnership with special distribution rights (the Special Units for the first six months of 2021, the holder of the Special Units designated of these Class I OP Units to an entity owned indirectly by our Chairman at the time, Mr. Mulvihill, and of these Class I OP Units to an entity owned indirectly by a member of our Former Sponsor. The holder of the Special Units transferred Class I OP Units to the Advisor thereafter. The 2020 performance participation allocation in the amount of million became payable to the Former Sponsor, as the former holder of the Special Units, on December 31, 2020. At the Former Advisor s election, it was paid in the form of Class I OP Units valued at million (based on the NAV per unit as of December 31, 2020), which were issued to the Former Sponsor in January 2021 and subsequently transferred to its members or their affiliates. (2) At the request of the Advisor, the Operating Partnership redeemed all Class I OP Units issued to the Advisor in January 2022 for million. (3) Represents the adjustment recorded in order to mark to the redemption value, which is equivalent to fair value, at the end of the measurement period. and , respectively, of limited partnership interests (excludes interests held by redeemable noncontrolling interest holders). OP Units held by third-party investors are made up of Class E, Class T, Class S, and Class I OP Units. Issuance of units Redemption of units ) ) ) Balance at end of period Subject to certain restrictions and limitations, the holders of OP Units may redeem all or a portion of their OP Units for either: shares of the equivalent class of common stock, cash or a combination of both. If we elect to redeem OP Units for shares of our common stock, we will generally deliver share of our common stock for each such OP Unit redeemed (subject to any redemption fees 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million, respectively. The estimated maximum redemption value (unaudited) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. periods. The Dealer Manager, which is also a related party, provides dealer manager services in connection with our public offerings pursuant to the terms of the fourth amended and restated dealer manager agreement, effective December 1, 2021 (the Dealer Manager Agreement by and among us, the Advisor and the Dealer Manager. On July 1, 2021, Ares closed on the acquisition of Black Creek Group s U.S. real estate investment advisory and distribution business, including our Former Advisor (the Transaction ). On the same date, our Former Advisor assigned the advisory agreement to our New Advisor. Ares did not acquire the Former Sponsor, and we now consider the Ares real estate group to be our sponsor. Prior to the Transaction, the Former Sponsor, which owned the Former Advisor, was directly or indirectly majority owned by the estate of John A. Blumberg, James R. Mulvihill and Evan H. Zucker and/or their affiliates. The Dealer Manager was also directly or indirectly majority owned, controlled and/or managed by the estate of Mr. Blumberg, Mr. Mulvihill and/or Mr. Zucker and/or their affiliates. Presently, following the Transaction, the Advisor and the Dealer Manager are directly or indirectly majority owned, controlled and/or managed by Ares. The Advisor, the Sponsor and the Dealer Manager receive compensation from us in the form of fees and expense reimbursements for certain services relating to our public offerings and for the investment and management of our assets and our other activities and operations. Advisory Agreement, Dealer Manager Agreement and Operating Partnership Agreement The following is a description of the fees and expense reimbursements payable to the Advisor and the Dealer Manager. This summary does not purport to be a complete summary of the Advisory Agreement; the Dealer Manager Agreement; and the Partnership Agreement, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such agreements, which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Selling Commissions, Dealer Manager Fees and Distribution Fees. We pay the Dealer Manager upfront selling commissions with respect to Class T and Class S shares sold in the primary offering and dealer manager fees with respect to Class T shares sold in the primary offering. The upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees are calculated as a percentage of the transaction price (generally equal to the most recent monthly NAV per share) at the time of purchase of such shares. All or a portion of the upfront selling commissions and dealer manager fees will be retained by, or reallowed to, participating broker dealers. In addition, the Dealer Manager is entitled to receive ongoing distribution fees based on the NAV of all outstanding Class T, Class S and Class D shares, including shares issued under our distribution reinvestment plan. The distribution fees will be payable monthly in arrears and will be paid on a continuous basis from year to year. The Dealer Manager will reallow all or a portion of the distribution fees to participating broker dealers and broker dealers servicing accounts of investors who own Class T, Class S, and/or Class D shares. up to Dealer manager fees (as of transaction price) Distribution fees (as of NAV per annum) We will cease paying the distribution fees with respect to individual Class T, Class S and Class D shares when they are no longer outstanding, including as a result of a conversion to Class I shares. Each Class T, Class S or Class D share held within a stockholder s account shall automatically and without any action on the part of the holder thereof convert into a number of Class I shares at the applicable conversion rate on the earliest of: (i) a listing of any shares of our common stock on a national securities exchange; (ii) our merger or consolidation with or into another entity, or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets; and (iii) the end of the month in which the Dealer Manager, in conjunction with our transfer agent, determines that the total upfront selling commissions, upfront dealer manager fees and ongoing distribution fees paid with respect to all shares of such class held by such 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 (or a lower limit set forth in any applicable agreement between the Dealer Manager and a participating broker dealer, provided that the Dealer Manager advises our transfer agent of the lower limit in writing) of the aggregate purchase price of all shares of such class held by such stockholder within such account and purchased in a primary offering. Additional Underwriting Compensation and Primary Dealer Fee. We pay directly, or reimburse the Advisor and the Dealer Manager if they pay on our behalf, certain additional items of underwriting compensation, including legal fees of the Dealer Manager, costs reimbursement for registered representatives of participating broker-dealers to attend educational conferences sponsored by us or the Dealer Manager, attendance fees for registered persons associated with the Dealer Manager to attend seminars conducted by participating broker-dealers, and promotional items. In addition to this additional underwriting compensation, the Advisor may also pay the Dealer Manager additional amounts to fund certain of the Dealer Manager s costs and expenses related to the distribution of our public offering, which will not be reimbursed by us. Also, the Dealer Manager may pay supplemental fees or commissions to participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers with respect to Class I shares sold in the primary offering, which will not be reimbursed by us. Through June 30, 2017, we paid to the Dealer Manager primary dealer fees in the amount of of the gross proceeds raised from certain sales of Class I shares in the primary offering. We currently do not intend to pay additional primary dealer fees in our public offerings. Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement. We pay directly or reimburse the Advisor and the Dealer Manager if they pay on our behalf, any issuer organization and offering expenses (meaning organization and offering expenses other than underwriting compensation) as and when incurred. After the termination of the primary offering and again after termination of the offering under our distribution reinvestment plan, the Advisor has agreed to reimburse us to the extent that total cumulative organization and offering expenses (including underwriting compensation) that we incur exceed of our gross proceeds from the applicable offering. Advisory Fee and Operating Expense Reimbursement. The advisory fee consists of a fixed component and a performance participation allocation. The fixed component of the advisory fee includes a fee that will be paid monthly to the Advisor for asset management services provided to on our behalf. of consideration received by us or our affiliates for selling interests in DST Properties (as defined in Note 7 to third-party investors, net of up-front fees and expense reimbursements payable out of gross sale proceeds from the sale of such interests The performance participation allocation is a performance-based amount that will be paid to the Advisor. This amount is calculated on the basis of the overall investment return provided to holders of Fund Interests (i.e., our outstanding shares and OP Units held by third-party investors) in any calendar year such that the Advisor will receive the lesser of (1) of (a) the annual total return amount less (b) any loss carryforward, and (2) the amount equal to (x) the annual total return amount, less (y) any loss carryforward, less (z) the amount needed to achieve an annual total return amount equal to of the NAV per Fund Interest at the beginning of such year (the Hurdle Amount ). The foregoing calculations are calculated on a per Fund Interest basis and multiplied by the weighted-average Fund Interests outstanding during the year. In no event will the performance participation allocation be less than zero. Accordingly, if the annual total return amount exceeds the Hurdle Amount plus the amount of any loss carryforward, then the Advisor will earn a performance participation allocation equal to of such excess, but limited to of the annual total return amount that is in excess of the loss carryforward. The annual total return amount referred to above means all distributions paid or accrued per Fund Interest plus any change in NAV per Fund Interest since the end of the prior calendar year, adjusted to exclude the negative impact on annual total return resulting from our payment or obligation to pay, or distribute, as applicable, the performance participation allocation as well as ongoing distribution fees (i.e., our ongoing class-specific fees). The loss carryforward referred to above will track any negative annual total return amounts from prior years and offset the positive annual total return amount for purposes of the calculation of the performance participation allocation. The loss carryforward is as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Advisor will provide us with a waiver of a portion of its fees generally equal to the amount of the performance participation allocation that would have been payable with respect to the Class E shares and the Series 1 Class E OP Units held by third parties until the NAV of such shares or units exceeds a share or unit, the benefit of which will be shared among all holders of Fund Interests. As of December 31, 2022, all of the Class E OP Units issued and outstanding to third-party investors are Series 1 Class E OP Units. Refer to Note 12 for detail regarding the Class E OP Units. 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 in consideration, partnership units in the Operating Partnership constituting a separate series of partnership interests with special distribution rights, or the Special Units. On July 1, 2021, these Special Units were transferred from BCDPAG to our New Advisor. Subsequently, these Special Units were transferred from our New Advisor to an affiliate of the New Advisor. These agreements were amended, and the Special Units were issued, so that, at the election of the holder, the performance participation allocation previously payable to the Advisor may be paid instead to the holder of the Special Units as a performance participation allocation with respect to the Special Units. If the holder does not elect on or before the first day of a calendar year to have the performance participation allocation paid as a fee to the Advisor, then it will be paid as a distribution on the performance participation interest to the holder of the Special Units. In such case, the performance participation allocation will be payable in cash or Class I OP Units, at the election of the holder. If the holder elects to receive such distributions in Class I OP Units, the number of Class I OP Units to be issued to the holder will be determined by dividing an amount equal to the value of the performance participation allocation by the net asset value per Class I OP Unit as of the date of the distribution. The holder of the Special Units may request the Operating Partnership to repurchase such OP Units from the holder at a later date. Any such repurchase requests will normally not be subject to any holding period, early redemption deduction, volume limitations or other restrictions that apply to other holders of OP Units under the limited partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership or to our stockholders under our share redemption program. However, certain restrictions on redemption may apply if certain liquidity requirements are not met. In addition, in the event the Operating Partnership commences a liquidation of its assets during any calendar year, the holder of the Special Units will be distributed the performance participation allocation as its liquidation distribution, or the Advisor will receive payment of the performance participation allocation, as applicable, prior to the distribution of the remaining liquidation proceeds to the holders of OP Units. The Special Units do not receive Operating Partnership distributions or allocations except as described above. Holders of Special Units do not share in distributions paid to holders of common OP Units and are not allocated income or losses of the Operating Partnership except to the extent of taxable income allocated to them in their capacity as holders of the Special Units. Subject to certain limitations, we reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for all of the costs they incur in connection with the services they provide to us under the Advisory Agreement, including, without limitation, our allocable share of the Advisor s overhead, which includes but is not limited to the Advisor s rent paid to both third parties and affiliates of the Advisor, utilities and personnel costs; provided, that we will not reimburse the Advisor or its affiliates for services for which the Advisor or its affiliates are entitled to compensation in the form of a separate fee, and commencing as of September 1, 2017, we will not reimburse the Advisor for compensation it pays to our named executive officers, unless the named executive officer is providing stockholder services . Acquisition Expense Reimbursements. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, subject to certain limitations, we agreed to reimburse the Advisor for all acquisition expenses incurred on our behalf in connection with the selection and acquisition of properties, real estate-related assets, and other investments, whether or not such investments are acquired. As these expense reimbursements were not directly attributable to a specified property, they were expensed as incurred on the consolidated statements of operations. Fees from Other Services. We retain certain of the Advisor s affiliates, from time to time, for services relating to our investments or our operations, which may include property management services, leasing services, corporate services, statutory services, transaction support services, construction and development management, and loan management and servicing, and within one or more such categories, providing services in respect of asset and/or investment administration, accounting, technology, tax preparation, finance, treasury, operational coordination, risk management, insurance placement, human resources, legal and compliance, valuation and reporting-related services, as well as services related to mortgage servicing, group purchasing, healthcare, consulting/brokerage, capital markets/credit origination, property, title and/or other types of insurance, management consulting and other similar operational matters. Any fees paid to the Advisor s affiliates for any such services will not reduce the advisory fees. Per the terms of the agreement, any such arrangements will be at market rates or a reimbursement of costs incurred by the affiliate in providing the services. Property-Level Accounting Services. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement effective as of May 1, 2022, we have agreed to pay the Advisor a property accounting fee in connection with providing services related to accounting for real property operations, including the maintenance of the real property s books and records in accordance with GAAP and our policies, procedures, and internal controls, in a timely manner, and the processing of real property-related cash receipts and disbursements. The property accounting fee is equal 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 billion of interests. The Advisor, Dealer Manager and certain of their affiliates receive fees and reimbursements in connection with their roles in the DST Program, which costs are substantially funded by the private investors in that program, through fees and expenses paid by the investors at the time of investment, or deductions from distributions paid to such investors. ADREX will pay certain up-front fees and reimburse certain related expenses to the Dealer Manager with respect to capital raised through the DST Program. ADREX is obligated to pay the Dealer Manager a dealer manager fee of up to of gross equity proceeds raised and a commission of up to of gross equity proceeds raised through the private placements. In addition, with respect to certain classes of interests (or the corresponding classes of OP Units or shares for which they may be exchanged in certain circumstances) we, the Operating Partnership or ADREX will pay the Dealer Manager ongoing fees in amounts up to of the equity investment or net asset value thereof per year for Class T, Class S, and Class D OP Units. The Dealer Manager may re-allow such commissions, ongoing fees and a portion of such dealer manager fees to participating broker dealers. In addition, pursuant to the dealer manager agreement for the DST Program, we, or our subsidiaries, are obligated to reimburse the Dealer Manager for (a) customary travel, lodging, meals and reasonable entertainment expenses incurred in connection with the private placements; (b) costs and expenses of conducting educational conferences and seminars, attending broker-dealer sponsored conferences, or educational conferences sponsored by ADREX; (c) customary promotional items; and (d) legal fees of the Dealer Manager. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, DST Properties are included when calculating the fixed advisory fee and the performance participation allocation due to the Advisor. Furthermore, because the Advisor funds certain Dealer Manager personnel costs that are not reimbursed under the DST Program dealer manager agreement, we have also agreed to pay the Advisor a fee equal to the fee paid by DST Program investors for these costs, which is up to of the total equity amount paid for the interests. DST Manager Fees. ADREX Manager LLC (formerly known as BC Exchange Manager LLC, the DST Manager ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, acts, directly or through a wholly-owned subsidiary, as the manager of each Delaware statutory trust holding a DST Property, but has assigned all of its rights and obligations as manager (including fees and reimbursements received) to BC Exchange Advisor LLC DST Advisor ), an affiliate of the Advisor. While the intention is to sell of the interests to third parties, ADREX may hold an interest for a period of time and therefore could be subject to the following description of fees and reimbursements paid to the DST Manager. The DST Manager will have primary responsibility for performing administrative actions in connection with the trust and any DST Property and has the sole power to determine when it is appropriate for a trust to sell a DST Property. For its services, DST Advisor will receive, through the DST Manager, (i) a management fee equal to a stated percentage (e.g., of the gross rents payable to the trust, with such amount to be set on a deal-by-deal basis, (ii) a loan fee of up to for any financing provided by us in connection with the DST Program (in which case a subsidiary of ours would provide the debt financing and earn interest thereon, as discussed further below), (iii) reimbursement of certain expenses associated with the establishment, maintenance and operation of the trust and DST Properties and the sale of any DST Property to a third party, and (iv) up to of the gross equity proceeds as compensation for developing and maintaining the DST Program technology and intellectual property. Furthermore, to the extent that the Operating Partnership exercises its fair market value purchase option to acquire the interests from the investors at a later time in exchange for OP Units, and such investors subsequently submit such OP Units for redemption pursuant to the terms of the Operating Partnership, a redemption fee of up to of the amount otherwise payable to a limited partner upon redemption will be paid to DST Manager (or such other amount as may be set forth in the applicable DST Program offering documents). In connection with the DST Program, ADREX maintains a loan program and may, upon request, provide DST Program Loans to certain purchasers of the interests in the Delaware statutory trusts to finance a portion of the purchase price payable upon their acquisition of such DST Interests (the Purchase Price ). The DST Program Loans are made by a subsidiary of ours (the DST 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 of the Purchase Price paid by such purchaser for its DST Interest in the Trust, excluding the amount of the Origination Fee, as hereinafter defined. Each purchaser that elects to obtain a DST Program Loan, will pay an origination fee to the DST Manager equal to up to of the original principal amount of its DST Program Loan (the Origination Fee upon origination of such DST Program Loan, which Origination Fee will be assigned by the DST Manager to an affiliate of the Advisor. The purchaser will be required to represent, among other things, that no portion of the Purchase Price for its DST Interest and no fee paid in connection with the acquisition of its DST Interest (including, without limitation, the Origination Fee) has been or will be funded with any nonrecourse indebtedness other than the DST Program Loan. Summary of Fees and Expenses Ongoing distribution fees (1)(2) Advisory fees fixed component Performance participation allocation (3) Other expense reimbursements Advisor (4)(5) Other expense reimbursements Dealer Manager Property accounting fee (6) DST Program selling commissions, dealer manager and distribution fees (1) Other DST Program related costs Advisor (5) Total 

 (1) All or a portion of these amounts will be retained by, or reallowed (paid) to, participating broker-dealers and servicing broker-dealers. (2) The distribution fees are payable monthly in arrears. Additionally, we accrue for future estimated amounts payable related to ongoing distribution fees. The future estimated amounts payable of approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. (3) The allocation of the performance participation interest is ultimately determined at the end of each calendar year and will be paid in Class I OP Units or cash, at the election of the Advisor. As the performance hurdle was achieved as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of performance participation allocation expense in our consolidated statements of operations. (4) Other expense reimbursements include certain expenses incurred for organization and offering, acquisition and general administrative services provided to us under the advisory agreement, including, but not limited to, certain expenses described below after footnote 6, allocated rent paid to both third parties and affiliates of our Advisor, equipment, utilities, insurance, travel and entertainment. (5) Includes costs reimbursed to the Advisor related to the DST Program. (6) The cost of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, is generally borne by the tenant or tenants at each real property, either via a direct reimbursement to us or, in the case of tenants subject to a gross lease, as part of the lease cost. In certain circumstances, we may pay for a portion of the property management fee, including the property accounting fee, without reimbursement from the tenant or tenants at a real property. 
 
 122 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of the expense reimbursements described in the table above include a portion of the compensation expenses of officers and employees of the Advisor or its affiliates related to activities for which the Advisor did not otherwise receive a separate fee. Amounts incurred related to these compensation expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were approximately million, . million and million, respectively. No reimbursement is made for compensation of our named executive officers unless the named executive officer is providing stockholder services, as outlined in the Advisory Agreement. Transactions with Affiliates We initially contributed into the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units, representing the sole general partner interest in the Operating Partnership. Subsequently, we contributed of the gross proceeds received from our public offerings of common stock to the Operating Partnership in exchange for OP Units representing our interest as a limited partner of the Operating Partnership. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we held a and , respectively, limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership. The remaining limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership are held by third-party investors, which are classified as noncontrolling interests on the consolidated balance sheets. See Note 12 for detail regarding our noncontrolling interests. ) Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders diluted ) ) Weighted-average shares outstanding basic Incremental weighted-average shares effect of conversion of noncontrolling interests Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Interest paid related to DST Program Distributions reinvested in common stock Change in accrued future ongoing distribution fees Increase in DST Program Loans receivable through DST Program capital raising Redeemable noncontrolling interest issued as settlement of performance participation allocation Mortgage notes assumed on real estate acquisitions at fair value Issuances of OP Units for DST Interests 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted Cash Restricted cash consists of lender and property-related escrow accounts. Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 reportable segments are office, retail, residential and industrial. Factors used to determine our reportable segments include the physical and economic characteristics of our properties and the related operating activities. Our chief operating decision makers rely on net operating income, among other factors, to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing segment performance. Net operating income is the key performance metric that captures the unique operating characteristics of each segment. Net investment in real estate properties, restricted cash, tenant receivables, straight-line rent receivables, and other assets directly assignable to a property are allocated to the segment groupings. Corporate items that are not directly assignable to a property, such as investments in unconsolidated joint venture partnerships, investments in real estate-related securities, debt-related investments and DST Program Loans, are not allocated to segment groupings, but are reflected as reconciling items. Retail properties Residential properties Industrial properties Corporate Total assets 

 (1) As of December 31, 2021, amounts held for sale are included in the corporate grouping. Refer to Note 4 for further detail. ) Debt-related income ) ) ) Real estate-related depreciation and amortization General and administrative expenses Advisory fees Performance participation allocation Acquisition costs and reimbursements Litigation expense Impairment of real estate property Credit loss expense Equity in income from unconsolidated joint venture partnerships ) ) Interest expense Gain on sale of real estate property ) ) ) (Gain) loss on derivative instruments ) ) Other income ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net operating income 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 2021 Rental revenues Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization 2020 Rental revenues Rental expenses ) ) ) ) ) Net operating income Real estate-related depreciation and amortization We consider net operating income to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure and believe net operating income provides useful information to our investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because net operating income reflects the operating performance of our properties and excludes certain items that are not considered to be controllable in connection with the management of the properties, such as real estate-related depreciation and amortization, general and administrative expenses, advisory fees, impairment charges, interest expense, gains on sale of properties, other income and expense, gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt and noncontrolling interests. However, net operating income should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes such items, which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our net operating income may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating net operating income. Therefore, we believe net income, as defined by GAAP, to be the most appropriate measure to evaluate our overall financial performance. 1 retail property for a contractual sale price of million. Our accounting basis (net of accumulated depreciation and amortization) for this real estate property as of the closing date was approximately million. 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the direction of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based upon criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, require an issuer to disclose in its annual and quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions relating to Iran. We are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by United States economic sanctions during the quarterly period covered by the report. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Neither we nor any of our controlled affiliates or subsidiaries knowingly engaged in any of the specified activities relating to Iran or otherwise engaged in any activities associated with Iran during the reporting period. However, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any person or entity that is under common control with us as well as any entity that controls us or is controlled by us. The description that follows has been provided to us by Ares. On January 31, 2019, funds and accounts managed by Ares European direct lending strategy (together, the Ares funds collectively acquired a 32 equity stake in Daisy Group Limited Daisy ). Daisy is a provider of communication services to businesses based in the United Kingdom. The Ares funds do not hold a majority equity interest in Daisy and do not have the right to appoint a majority of directors to Daisy s board of directors. Subsequent to completion of the Ares funds investment in Daisy, in connection with Ares routine quarterly survey of its investment funds portfolio companies, Daisy informed the Ares funds that it has a customer contract with Melli Bank Plc. Melli Bank Plc has been designated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the U.S. Department of Treasury pursuant to Executive Order 13224. Daisy generated a total of 41,546 in annual revenues in 2021 (less than 0.01 of Daisy s annual revenues) from its dealings with Melli Bank 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Plc and de minimis net profits. Daisy entered into the customer contract with Melli Bank Plc prior to the Ares funds investment in Daisy. Daisy terminated its contract with Melli Bank Plc on February 26, 2022. Following termination of the contract, Daisy has not engaged and does not intend to engage in any further dealings or transactions with Melli Bank Plc. Distribution Reinvestment Plan Suitability Requirement Pursuant to the terms of our distribution reinvestment plan DRP ), participants in the DRP must promptly notify us if at any time they fail to meet the current suitability requirements for making an investment in us. The current suitability standards require that Class E stockholders participating in the DRP other than investors in Arizona, California, Ohio and Oregon have either: a net worth (exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles) of 150,000 or more; or a net worth (exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles) of at least 45,000 and had during the last tax year, or estimate that such investor will have during the current tax year, a minimum of 45,000 annual gross income. 
 The current suitability standards require that Class E stockholders participating in the DRP in Arizona, California, Ohio and Oregon have either: a net worth (exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles) of 250,000 or more; or a net worth (exclusive of home, home furnishings and automobiles) of at least 70,000 and had during the last tax year, or estimate that such investor will have during the current tax year, a minimum of 70,000 annual gross income. 
 In addition, Class E stockholders participating in the DRP in Ohio and Oregon must have a net worth of at least 10 times their investment in us and any of our affiliates. The current suitability standards for Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I stockholders participating in the DRP are listed in the section entitled Suitability Standards in our current Class T, Class S, Class D and Class I public offering prospectus on file at www.sec.gov and on our website at areswmsresources.com/investment-solutions/AREIT . Stockholders can notify us of any changes to their ability to meet the suitability requirements or change their DRP election by contacting us at Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., Investor Relations, One Tabor Center, 1200 Seventeenth Street, Suite 2900, Denver, Colorado 80202, Telephone: (303) 228-2200. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item will be included under the headings Board of Directors, Executive Officers, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance and Corporate Governance in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item will be included under the heading Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item will be included under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item will be included under the heading Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item will be included under the heading Principal Accountant Fees and Services in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) 1. Financial Statements The financial statements are included under Item 8 of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule The following financial statement schedule is included in Item 15(c): Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation. All other financial statement schedules are not required under the related instructions or because the required information has been disclosed in the consolidated financial statements and the notes related thereto. (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2012. 3.2 Articles of Amendment (name change). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012. 3.3 Articles Supplementary (Class A shares). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012. 3.4 Articles Supplementary (Class W shares). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012. 3.5 Articles Supplementary (Class I shares). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2012. 3.6 Certificate of Correction to Articles of Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 26, 2014. 3.7 Certificate of Correction to Articles of Restatement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2016. 3.8 Articles of Amendment (revised terms of share classes). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-197767) filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017. 3.9 Articles of Amendment (name change). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-197767) filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017. 3.10 Tenth Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 3, 2023 . 3.11 Articles of Amendment (name change). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. 4.1 Fifth Amended and Restated Distribution Reinvestment Plan. Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-222630) filed with the SEC on August 17, 2018. 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 4.2 Third Amended and Restated Share Redemption Program, effective as of December 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021. 4.3 Statement regarding transfer restrictions, preferences, limitations and rights of holders of shares of common stock (to appear on stock certificate or to be sent upon request and without charge to stockholders issued shares without certificates). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-197767) filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017. 4.4 Valuation Procedures. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 15, 2022 . 4.5 Multiple Class Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 12, 2019. 4.6 Description of Capital Stock. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.1 Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2022), effective as of May 1, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022 . 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers and directors. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-125338) filed with the SEC on January 13, 2006. 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2015. 10.4 Amended and Restated Secondary Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2015. 10.5 Form of Independent Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2014. 10.6 Facilitation Fee Agreement between Ares Diversified Real Estate Exchange LLC (formerly Black Creek Exchange LLC) and Ares Commercial Real Estate Management as successor in interest to Black Creek Diversified Property Advisors LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed August 17, 2018. 10.7 Side Letter between ADREX Manager LLC (formerly BC Exchange Manager LLC) and BC Exchange Advisor LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-197767) filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017. 10.8 Amendment to Agreement between ADREX Manager LLC (formerly BC Exchange Manager LLC) and BC Exchange Advisor LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2018. 10.9 Second Amendment to Agreement between ADREX Manager (formerly BC Exchange Manager LLC) and BC Exchange Advisor LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2018. 10.10 Selected Dealer Agreement with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2017. 
 131 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.11 Fourth Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, including Form of Selected Dealer Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11A (File No. 333-252212) filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022. 10.12 Third Amendment to Agreement between ADREX Manager LLC (formerly BC Exchange Manager LLC) and BC Exchange Advisor LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 6, 2019. 10.13 Form of Trust Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.14 Form of Master Lease. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.15 Form of Guaranty. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.16 First Amendment to Facilitation Fee Agreement between Ares Diversified Real Estate Exchange LLC (formerly Black Creek Exchange LLC) and Ares Commercial Real Estate Management as successor in interest to Black Creek Diversified Property Advisors LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.17 Eleventh Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of AREIT Operating Partnership LP dated as of December 1, 2021. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11A (File No. 333-252212) filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022. 10.18 Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement between Ares Diversified Real Estate Exchange LLC (formerly Black Creek Exchange LLC) and Ares Wealth Management Solutions LLC (formerly Black Creek Capital Markets, LLC). Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 10.19 Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement by and among AREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP) and Bank of America, N.A and the lenders thereto. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-11A (File No. 333-252212) filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022. 10.20 Real Estate Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated April 7, 2022, for the purchase of the Sherman Portfolio. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 48 to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-222630) filed with the SEC on April 14, 2022 . 10.21 First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2022, among AREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A . 10.22 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2022, among AREIT Operating Partnership LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A . 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 99.1 Consent of Altus Group U.S., Inc. 101 The following materials from Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 20, 2023, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss); (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

 Filed or furnished herewith. 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. ) 8/28/2006 - 1300 Connecticut Washington, DC ) 3/10/2009 - CityView Austin, TX ) 4/24/2015 - Eden Prairie Eden Prairie, MN ) 10/3/2008 - Preston Sherry Plaza Dallas, TX ) 12/16/2009 - 3 Second Street Jersey City, NJ ) 6/25/2010 - 350 Carter Road Princeton, NJ ) 4/27/2022 - 107 Morgan Lane Plainsboro, NJ ) 10/28/2022 - Total office properties ) Retail properties: Beaver Creek Apex, NC ) 5/11/2007 - Sandwich Sandwich, MA ) 8/1/2007 - Wareham Wareham, MA ) 8/1/2007 - Hyannis Hyannis, MA ) 8/1/2007 - Meriden Meriden, CT ) 8/1/2007 - Whitman 475 Bedford Street Whitman, MA ) 8/1/2007 - New Bedford New Bedford, MA ) 10/18/2007 - 270 Center Washington, DC ) 4/6/2009 - Springdale Springfield, MA ) 2/18/2011 - Saugus Saugus, MA ) 3/17/2011 - Salt Pond Narragansett, RI ) 11/4/2014 - South Cape Mashpee, MA ) 3/18/2015 - Shenandoah Davie, FL ) 8/6/2015 - Chester Springs Chester, NJ ) 10/8/2015 - Yale Village Tulsa, OK ) 12/9/2015 - Suniland Shopping Center Pinecrest, FL ) 5/27/2016 - Village at Lee Branch Birmingham, AL ) 1/29/2020 - Barrow Crossing Bethlehem, GA ) 6/22/2021 - Total retail properties ) 
 134 

Table of Contents 
 ) 7/2/2019 - Juno Winter Park Winter Park, FL ) 7/9/2019 - Perimeter Sandy Springs, GA ) 12/19/2019 - The Palms Davie, FL ) 11/3/2020 - oLiv Tucson Tucson, AZ ) 10/20/2021 - Arabelle Clearwater Clearwater, FL ) 11/30/2021 - Arabelle Riverwalk Tampa Bay, FL ) 12/28/2021 - Skye 750 King of Prussia, PA ) 1/5/2022 - Arabelle City Center Pembroke, FL ) 4/12/2022 - Dallas Cityline Richardson, TX ) 4/13/2022 - Dallas Wycliff Dallas, TX ) 4/13/2022 - Dallas Maple District Dallas, TX ) 4/13/2022 - San Vance San Antonio, TX ) 4/13/2022 - San Stone Oak San Antonio, TX ) 4/13/2022 - Total residential properties ) Industrial properties: Vasco Road Livermore, CA ) ) 7/21/2017 - Northgate North Las Vegas, NV ) 7/26/2017 - Stafford Grove Stafford, TX ) 4/9/2018 - Kaiser Business Center Folcroft, PA ) 12/10/2018 - Tri-County DC Schertz, TX ) 2/13/2019 - Florence Logistics Center Florence, KY ) 5/14/2019 - World Connect Logistics Center Indianapolis, IN ) 9/27/2019 - Tri-County DC II A Schertz, TX ) 10/1/2019 - Aurora DC Aurora, IL ) 12/13/2019 - Railhead DC Dallas/Fort Worth, TX ) 2/4/2020 - Tri-County DC II B Schertz, TX ) 2/14/2020 - Sterling IC Washington, DC ) 3/25/2020 - Clayton Commerce Center Atlanta, GA ) 6/26/2020 - Bay Area Commerce Center East Bay, CA ) 8/27/2020 - Air Tech DC Louisville, KY ) 10/16/2020 - East Columbia IC Portland, OR ) 12/2/2020 - Plainfield LC Indianapolis, IN ) 12/16/2020 - 395 LC Reno, NV ) 12/21/2020 - Radar Distribution Center Northampton, PA ) 3/31/2021 - Intermountain Space Center Salt Lake City, UT ) 6/30/2021 - Airway Industrial Park San Diego, CA ) 7/9/2021 - Greenwood Business Center Greenwood, IN ) ) 8/2/2021 - 25 Linden Industrial Center Jersey City, NJ ) 8/31/2021 - Little Orchard Business Park San Jose, CA ) 9/8/2021 - Tustin Business Center Tustin, CA ) 9/22/2021 - Campus Drive IC Burlington, NJ ) 10/7/2021 - Long Island Logistics Center Islandia, NY ) 12/9/2021 - Phoenix IC Phoenix, AZ ) 12/13/2021 - Tempe IC Tempe, AZ ) 12/13/2021 - Las Vegas IC Las Vegas, NV ) 12/13/2021 - 
 135 

Table of Contents 
 ) 1/7/2022 - Western Food Center Denver, CO ) 1/14/2022 - Orlando LC I II Orlando, FL ) 2/17/2022 - Orlando LC III IV Orlando, FL ) 2/17/2022 - Orlando LC V Orlando, FL ) 2/17/2022 - Orlando LC VI Orlando, FL ) 2/17/2022 - Orlando LC VII Orlando, FL ) 2/17/2022 - Gillingham IC Sugarland, TX ) 6/10/2022 - Industrial Drive IC Birmingham, AL ) 6/17/2022 - Maplewood Drive IC Minneapolis, MN ) 6/17/2022 - Glen Afton IC Charlotte, NC ) 6/17/2022 - East 56th Ave IC Denver, CO ) 6/17/2022 - Brockton IC Grand Rapids, MI ) 6/17/2022 - Pine Vista IC Houston, TX ) 6/17/2022 - Tri-County Parkway IC San Antonio, TX ) 6/17/2022 - Miami NW 114th IC Miami, FL ) 6/17/2022 - North Harney IC Tampa, FL ) 6/17/2022 - Wes Warren Drive IC New York, NY ) 6/17/2022 - Enterprise Way IC Oklahoma City, OK ) 6/17/2022 - New Albany IC Moorestown, NJ ) 6/17/2022 - North 5th Street CC Philadelphia, PA ) 6/24/2022 - Total industrial properties ) Grand total ) 

 (1) These properties are encumbered by mortgage notes. Amounts reflects principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for more detail regarding our borrowings. (2) Includes gross intangible lease assets. (3) As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes of investments in property was approximately billion (unaudited). (4) Amount is presented net of impairments and other write-offs of tenant-related assets that were recorded at acquisition as part of our purchase price accounting. Such write-offs are the result of lease expirations and terminations. (5) Includes intangible lease asset amortization. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 
 Acquisitions of properties Improvements Property dispositions or held for sale assets ) ) ) Impairment of real estate ) Balance at the end of period Accumulated depreciation and amortization: Balance at the beginning of period Real estate depreciation and amortization expense Above-market lease assets amortization expenses Right of use asset amortization expense Property dispositions or held for sale assets ) ) ) Balance at the end of period 
 137 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 16. SUMMARY OF FORM 10-K See the Table of Contents for a summary of information included in this Form 10-K. The information required by this Part III will be included in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and such required information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 138 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 20, 2023: ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. By: /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ LAINIE P. MINNICK Lainie P. Minnick Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey W. Taylor, Lainie P. Minnick and Joshua J. Widoff (with full power to act alone), as his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or their substitute or substitutes, lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ DAVID A. ROTH Chairman of the Board and Director March 20, 2023 David A. Roth /s/ RAJAT DHANDA Director March 20, 2023 Rajat Dhanda /s/ CHARLES B. DUKE Director March 20, 2023 Charles B. Duke /s/ JAY W. GLAUBACH Director and Partner, Co-President March 20, 2023 Jay W. Glaubach /s/ BRIAN P. MATHIS Director March 20, 2023 Brian P. Mathis /s/ DANIEL J. SULLIVAN Director March 20, 2023 Daniel J. Sullivan /s/ JOHN P. WOODBERRY Director March 20, 2023 John P. Woodberry /s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR Partner, Co-President March 20, 2023 Jeffrey W. Taylor (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ LAINIE P. MINNICK Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 20, 2023 Lainie P. Minnick (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 139 

<EX-10.21>
 2
 are-20221231xex10d21.htm
 EX-10.21

Exhibit 10.21 FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT FIRST AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of July 18, 2022 (this Amendment ), among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). WHEREAS, the Company, the Designated Borrower from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as heretofore amended, the Credit Agreement and WHEREAS, the Company has requested an increase in the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders in the form of an increase in the Dollar Tranche Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.15 of the Credit Agreement (the Accordion Exercise WHEREAS, the Company, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment. NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Modification of the Credit Agreement . On the First Amendment Effective Date, the Credit Agreement shall be amended to (a) delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth on the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Annex I hereto (the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, the Amended Credit Agreement and (b) replace Exhibit A thereto with the Exhibit A attached hereto as Annex II . 
 SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be effective as of the first date on which all of the following conditions precedent are satisfied (such date being referred to herein as the First Amendment Effective Date ): 
 2.1 Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or pdf copies or other electronic format (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in each case, subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof, and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(a) counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and Lenders constituting Required Lenders; 
 (b) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party certifying (x) that attached thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment, and that such resolutions or written consents have not been modified, rescinded or amended and are in full force and effect without amendment, modification or rescission, and (y) in the case of the Company, that the conditions specified in Section 2.2 of this Amendment have been satisfied; and 
 (c) such incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Amendment and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party. 
 2.2 On the First Amendment Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement, and (b) no Default exists or would result from the consummation of this Amendment. 
 2.3 Prior to or substantially concurrently with the First Amendment Effective Date, the Accordion Exercise shall have occurred. 
 SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . In order to induce the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery hereof) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 (a) it has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement; 

 2 

(b) the execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement by each Loan Party party thereto have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action; 
 (c) no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement; 
 (d) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on its behalf by a duly authorized officer, and this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms; 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement; and 
 (f) neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment nor the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement will (i) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of (or any requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective property is subject, the conflict or breach of which under the foregoing clauses (x) and/or (y) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) violate any Law. 
 SECTION 4. Affirmation of Guarantors . Each Guarantor hereby approves and consents to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment. Each Guarantor agrees and affirms that its guarantee of the Obligations (i) continues to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and shall apply to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and all of the other Loan Documents, as such are amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their terms and (ii) extends to all obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents. 
 SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . The Company acknowledges and agrees that its payment obligations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement include the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other documentation contemplated hereby (whether or not this Amendment becomes effective or the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated and whether or not a Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing), including, but not limited to, the reasonable 

 3 

fees, charges and disbursements of Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 6. Ratification .
 (a) Except as herein agreed, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed by the Loan Parties. Each of the Loan Parties hereby (i) confirms and agrees that the Company has no defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and (ii) reaffirms and admits the validity and enforceability of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 (b) This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly provided herein, shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may now have or have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 SECTION 7. Modifications . Neither this Amendment, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto. 
 SECTION 8. References . The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. Each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby and as the Credit Agreement may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. 
 SECTION 9. Counterparts; Execution . Section 10.17 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof. 
 SECTION 10. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 SECTION 11. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

 4 

SECTION 12. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 
 SECTION 13. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. 
 SECTION 14. Entire Agreement . THIS AMENDMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. 
 [Signatures Pages Immediately Follow] 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the date first above written. 

AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), a Delaware limited partnership By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.), a Maryland corporation, its general partner 

By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

LENDERS: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Kyle Pearson Name: Kyle Pearson Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Nora Skelton Name: Nora Skelton Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

C 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Craig V. Koshkarian Name: Craig V. Koshkarian Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

REGIONS BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ghil S. Gavin Name: Ghil S. Gavin Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Christopher D. Daniels Name: Christopher D. Daniels Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ James A Harmann Name: James A. Harmann Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Travis Myers Name: Travis Myers Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Dan Martis Name: James A. Harmann Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PINNACLE, as a Lender 

By: /s/ J. Patrick Daugherty Name: J. Patrick Daugherty Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

SYNOVUS BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Robert Haley Name: Robert Haley Title: Corporate Lending Officer 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Mitchell Vega Name: Mitchell Vega Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ZIONS BANCORPORATION, N.A. dba Vectra Bank Colorado, as a Lender 

By: /s/ H. Shaw Thomas Name: H. Shaw Thomas Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ARCLAYS 

BARCLAYS BANK PLC, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Craig Mally Name: Craig Mally Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AYMOND 

RAYMOND JAMES BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Alex Sierra Name: Alex Sierra Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Erin L. Mahon Name: Erin L. Mahon Title: Assistant Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: BANK OF AMERICA N.A., as an Administrative Agent 

By: /s/ Taelitha Bonds-Harris Name: Taelitha Bonds-Harris Title: Assistant Vice President 
 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

Each of the Guarantors hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions of the foregoing First Amendment to Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, the representations and warranties made by such Guarantor in Section 3 thereof and the affirmations made by such Guarantor under Section 4 thereof. ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.) , a Maryland corporation By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADREX 1031 LENDER CLEARWATER LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED I LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED II LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender City View LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender Clayton Commerce Center LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender Logistics Portfolio LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender Perimeter LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender Reno Logistics Center LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender Suniland LLC BCDPF 1031 Lender The Palms LLC , each a Delaware limited liability company By: ADREX 1031 Lender LLC (f/k/a BCDPF 1031 Lender LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 10 entities By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADREX 1031 CALIFORNIA LENDER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT General Washington IC LLC AREIT Gillingham Lease Management LLC AREIT SALT POND DST HOLDER LLC AREIT Transport Drive CC LLC AREIT Yale Village LLC BCD Preston Sherry DST Holder LLC BCDPF 25 Linden INDUSTRIAL CENTER LLC BCDPF Air Tech DC II LLC BCDPF Aurora DC LLC BCDPF Barrow Crossing LLC BCDPF Campus Drive IC LLC BCDPF Juno Winter Park LLC BCDPF Kaiser Business Center LLC BCDPF LONG ISLAND Logistics center llc BCDPF Springdale LLC BCDPF Sterling IC LLC BCDPF Village at Lee Branch LLC DPF Sandwich LLC TRT 1300 CONNECTICUT AVENUE OWNER LLC TRT Flying Cloud Drive LLC TRT Hyannis LLC TRT Meriden LLC TRT NORWELL LLC TRT Saugus LLC TRT Wareham LLC TRT Whitman 475 Bedford LLC, e ach a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 26 entities By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT SAN STONE OAK LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT San Stone Oak GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT STAFFORD GROVE IP DST HOLDER LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Stafford Grove IP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BALA POINTE OWNER LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: Bala Pointe GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: Div Cap Bala Pointe 1 General Partnership, a Delaware general partnership, its sole member By: DCTRT Bala Pointe GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BCDPF AIRWAY INDUSTRIAL PARK LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Airway Industrial Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer BCDPF BAY AREA COMMERCE CENTER LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Bay Area Commerce Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BCDPF LITTLE ORCHARD BUSINESS PARK LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Little Orchard Business Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer B CDPF RADAR DISTRIBUTION CENTER LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: BCDPF 250 Radar Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BCDPF Tustin Business center lp, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Tustin Business Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer DPF BEAVER CREEK LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: DPF Beaver Creek GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

TRT LENDING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: DCTRT Securities Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer ADREX Diversified II TRS LLC , each a Delaware limited liability company By: Ares Diversified Real Estate Exchange LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, its sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT 56th Ave IC LLC AREIT 350 Carter Road LLC AREIT Brockton IC LLC AREIT Enterprise Way IC LLC AREIT Glen Afton IC LLC AREIT Industrial Drive IC LLC AREIT Maplewood Drive IC LLC AREIT Miami NW 114th IC LLC AREIT New Albany IC LLC AREIT North Harney IC LLC AREIT Wes Warren IC LLC , each a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 11 entities By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT Dallas CityLine LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Dallas CityLine GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT Dallas Maple District LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Dallas Maple District GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AR EIT Dallas Wycliff LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Dallas Wycliff GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AR EIT Pine Vista IC LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Pine Vista IC GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT San Vance LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT San Vance GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT Skye 750 LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT Skye 750 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT North 5th Street CC LLC , a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT North 5th Street CC Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT Tri County Parkway IC LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Tri County Parkway IC GP LLC, limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer Pembroke Pines Owner, L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company By: Pembroke Pines Member, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: Pembroke Pines Lower REIT II-CC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: Pembroke Pines Upper REIT II-CC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Pages to First Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ANNEX I Amended Credit Agreement (see attached) 

ANNEX I TO FIRST AMENDMENT Published Deal CUSIP Number: 09186EAD8 Published USD Revolver CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 Published Multicurrency Revolver CUSIP Number: 09186EAH9 Published Term A-1 CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 Published Term A-2 CUSIP Number: 09186EAE6 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT Dated as of November 22, 2021 among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a BLACK CREEK DIVERSIFIED PROPERTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP , a Delaware limited partnership and CERTAIN OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES as the Borrowers BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer, The Other L/C Issuers Party Hereto, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Co-Syndication Agents REGIONS BANK and TRUIST BANK , as Documentation Agents The Other Lenders Party Hereto BofA SECURITIES, INC. WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC , JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, REGIONS CAPITAL MARKETS and TRUIST SECURITIES, INC. as Joint Lead Arrangers BofA SECURITIES, INC. WELLS FARGO SECURITIES, LLC , JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and CAPITAL ONE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Joint Bookrunners 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1 1.01 Defined Terms 1 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions 53 52 1.03 Accounting Terms 54 52 1.04 Rounding 55 53 1.05 Times of Day 55 53 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts 55 53 1.07 Interest Rates 55 54 1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents 55 54 1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies 56 54 1.10 Change of Currency 57 56 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 57 56 2.01 The Loans 57 56 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans 60 59 2.03 Letters of Credit 62 61 2.04 [Intentionally Omitted] 72 71 2.05 Prepayments 72 71 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments 73 72 2.07 Repayment of Loans 74 73 2.08 Interest 74 73 2.09 Fees 75 74 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate 77 76 2.11 Evidence of Debt 77 2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback 78 77 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders 80 79 2.14 Extension of Maturity Date in Respect of the Revolving Credit Facility 81 80 2.15 Increase in Total Credit Exposure 81 80 2.16 Cash Collateral 83 82 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 84 83 2.18 Addition and Removal of Unencumbered Properties 87 86 2.19 Designated Borrowers 87 86 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 89 88 3.01 Taxes 89 88 3.02 Illegality 93 92 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates 94 ; Replacement of Relevant Rates or Successor Rates 93 3.04 Increased Costs ; Additional Reserve Requirements 98 96 3.05 Compensation for Losses 100 98 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 101 98 3.07 Survival 102 99 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 102 99 4.01 Conditions of Effectiveness 102 99 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions 104 101 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 105 102 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power 105 102 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention 105 102 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents 105 103 5.04 Binding Effect 105 103 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect 105 103 5.06 Litgation 106 103 
 
 i 

5.07 No Default 106 103 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens 106 104 5.09 Environmental Compliance 106 104 5.10 Taxes 106 104 5.11 ERISA Compliance 107 104 5.12 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests 108 105 5.13 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act 108 105 5.14 Disclosure 108 105 5.15 Compliance with Laws 109 106 5.16 Taxpayer Identification Number 109 106 5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc 109 106 5.18 REIT Status 109 107 5.19 Unencumbered Properties 109 107 5.20 OFAC 111 108 5.21 Anti-Corruption 111 109 5.22 Solvency 111 109 5.23 Affected Financial Institutions 111 109 5.24 Covered Entities 112 109 5.25 Representations as to Foreign Obligors 112 109 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 112 110 6.01 Financial Statements and Other Information 113 110 6.02 Notices 114 112 6.03 Payment of Taxes 115 112 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc 115 112 6.05 Maintenance of Properties 115 113 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance 115 113 6.07 Compliance with Laws 115 113 6.08 Books and Records 116 113 6.09 Inspection Rights 116 113 6.10 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit 116 113 6.11 REIT Status 116 113 6.12 Subsidiary Guarantees 116 114 6.13 Release of Guarantors 117 114 6.14 Investor Guaranties 118 115 6.15 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions 118 115 6.16 Approvals and Authorizations 118 115 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 118 116 7.01 Liens 118 116 7.02 Investments 118 116 7.03 Fundamental Changes 119 116 7.04 Restricted Payments 119 117 7.05 Change in Nature of Business 119 117 7.06 Transactions with Affiliates 120 117 7.07 Sanctions 120 [Reserved] 117 7.08 Use of Proceeds 120 117 7.09 Financial Covenants 120 117 7.10 Exchange Property; Exchange Fee Titleholders 121 119 7.11 Changes to Advisory Agreement 122 119 7.12 Sanctions 122 119 7.13 Anti-Corruption Laws 122 119 ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 122 119 8.01 Events of Default 122 119 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default 124 121 8.03 Application of Funds 124 122 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 125 123 9.01 Appointment and Authority 125 123 

 ii 

9.02 Rights as a Lender 126 123 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions 126 123 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent 127 124 9.05 Delegation of Duties 127 125 9.06 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent 128 125 9.07 Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Other Lenders 129 126 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc 130 127 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 130 127 9.10 Lender Reply Period 131 128 9.11 C ertain ERISA M atters 131 129 9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments 132 130 9.13 Guaranty Matters 133 130 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 133 130 10.01 Amendments, Etc 133 130 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication 136 133 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement 138 135 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 139 136 10.05 Payments Set Aside 141 138 10.06 Successors and Assigns 141 138 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality 146 143 10.08 Right of Setoff 147 145 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation 148 145 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness 148 145 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties 148 146 10.12 Severability 148 146 10.13 Replacement of Lenders 149 146 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc 150 147 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial 151 149 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 151 149 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts 152 149 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act 153 150 10.19 Time of the Essence 153 151 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT 153 151 10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 154 151 10.22 Amendment and Restatement 154 151 10.23 Special Provisions regarding Permitted Tax Incentive Transactions 155 153 10.24 Judgment Currency 156 153 10.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 157 154 ARTICLE XI. CONTINUING GUARANTY 158 155 11.01 GUARANTY 158 155 11.02 Rights of Lenders 158 155 11.03 Certain Waivers 158 156 11.04 Obligations Independent 159 156 11.05 Subrogation 159 156 11.06 Termination; Reinstatement 159 157 11.07 Subordination 160 157 11.08 Stay of Acceleration 160 157 11.09 Condition of Loan Parties 160 157 11.10 Contribution 160 158 
 
 iii 

SCHEDULES 2.01A Commitments and Applicable Percentages 2.01B L/C Commitments 2.01(b) Existing Revolving Credit Loans and Existing Term Loans 2.03 Existing Letters of Credit 5.06 Litigation 5.12 Equity Interests in Subsidiary Guarantors 5.19 Unencumbered Properties 7.06 Transactions with Affiliates 10.02 Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices; Taxpayer Identification Number EXHIBITS Form of 
 A Committed Loan Notice 
 B [Reserved] 
 
 C-1 Term A-1 Note 
 C-2 Term A-2 Note 
 C-3 Revolving Credit Note 
 D Compliance Certificate 
 E-1 Assignment and Assumption E-2 Administrative Questionnaire
 
 F-1 Third Amended and Restated Guaranty 
 F-2 Third Amended and Restated Subsidiary Guaranty 
 
 G Opinion Matters 
 H U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 
 I Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement 
 J Designated Borrower Notice 
 K Notice of Additional L/C Issuer 
 L Subordination Agreement 
 
 v 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT This THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AND TERM LOAN AGREEMENT is entered into as of November 22, 2021, among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a BLACK CREEK DIVERSIFIED PROPERTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP , a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), certain Subsidiaries of the Company party hereto pursuant to Section 2.19 (each a Designated Borrower and, together with the Company, the Borrowers and each a Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and individually, a Lender ), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an L/C Issuer, and the other L/C Issuers from time to time party hereto. The Company has requested that the Lenders provide a credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and conditions set forth herein. In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below:
 Adjusted EBITDA means Consolidated EBITDA less, with respect to Properties owned by the Consolidated Group, the Capital Expenditure Reserve, and less, with respect to Properties owned by Unconsolidated Affiliates, the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the Capital Expenditure Reserve. Administrative Agent means Bank of America (through itself or through any of its designated branch offices or Affiliates) in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent. Administrative Agent s Office means, with respect to any currency, the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 with respect to such currency, or such other address or account with respect to such currency as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Company and the Lenders. Advisory Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Advisory Agreement (2021), dated as of July 1, 2021, by and among the Company, the Trust, and ARES Commercial Real Estate Management LLC, as the same may be amended, revised, supplemented or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms hereof. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit E-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution, or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person 
 1 

specified, provided, however , that in no event shall the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates be deemed for purposes hereof to be an Affiliate of the Company or any other Loan Parties. Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02 . Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. Agreed Currency means Dollars or any Alternative Currency, as applicable. Agreement means this Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. Agreement Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.24 . Alternative Currency means each of the following currencies: Euro, Sterling, Canadian dollars, together with each other currency (other than Dollars) that is approved in accordance with Section 1.09 ; provided that for each Alternative Currency, such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. Alternative Currency Daily Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Credit Extension: (a) denominated in Sterling, the rate per annum equal to SONIA determined pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SONIA Adjustment; and
 (b) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans Credit Extension denominated in such currency will bear interest at a daily rate), the daily rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 ; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any change in an Alternative Currency Daily Rate shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice.
 Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate. All Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. Alternative Currency Equivalent means, at any time, with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in the applicable Alternative Currency as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, by reference to Bloomberg (or such other publicly available service for displaying exchange rates), to be the exchange rate for the purchase of such Alternative Currency with Dollars at approximately 11:00 a.m. on the date two (2) Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made; provided , however , that if no such rate is available, the Alternative Currency Equivalent shall be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, using any reasonable method of determination that it deems appropriate in its sole discretion (and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). 
 2 

Alternative Currency Loan means an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable. Alternative Currency Sublimit means an amount equal to 300,000,000. The Alternative Currency Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility and the Aggregate Commitments. Alternative Currency Term Rate means, for any Interest Period, with respect to any Credit Extension: (a) denominated in Euros, the rate per annum equal to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) on the day that is two TARGET Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period;
 (b) denominated in Canadian dollars, the rate per annum equal to the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) (in such case, the CDOR Rate on the Rate Determination Date with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and
 
 (c) denominated in any other Alternative Currency (to the extent such Loans Credit Extension denominated in such currency will bear interest at a term rate), the term rate per annum as designated with respect to such Alternative Currency at the time such Alternative Currency is approved by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 plus the adjustment (if any) determined by the Administrative Agent and the relevant Lenders or L/C Issuers, as applicable, in each case pursuant to Section 1.09 ; provided , that, if any Alternative Currency Term Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents.
 Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the definition of Alternative Currency Term Rate. All Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans must be denominated in an Alternative Currency. Applicable Authority means (a) with respect to SOFR, the SOFR Administrator or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or the SOFR Administrator with respect to its publication of SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, (b) with respect to Term SOFR, CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity and (c) with respect to any Alternative Currency, the applicable administrator for the Relevant Rate for such Alternative Currency or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of the applicable Relevant Rate, in each case acting in such capacity . Applicable Law means, as to any Person, all applicable Laws binding upon such Person or to which such a Person is subject. 
 3 

Applicable Percentage means (a) in respect of the Term A-1 Facility, with respect to any Term A-1 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term A-1 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Term A-1 Termination Date, such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment at such time, and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Loans at such time, and (b) in respect of the Term A-2 Facility, with respect to any Term A-2 Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Term A-2 Facility represented by (i) on or prior to the Term A-2 Termination Date, such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Commitment at such time, and (ii) thereafter, the principal amount of such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Loans at such time, and (c)(i) in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility other than L/C Obligations, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Revolving Credit Facility represented by such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment at such time, (ii) in respect of matters relating to Multicurrency Tranche Commitments and Multicurrency Tranche Loans only, with respect to any Multicurrency Tranche Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Multicurrency Tranche Commitments at such time, represented by such Multicurrency Tranche Lender s Multicurrency Tranche Commitment at such time, and (iii) in respect of matters relating to Dollar Tranche Commitments (including L/C Obligations) and Dollar Tranche Loans only, with respect to any Dollar Tranche Lender at any time, the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Dollar Tranche Commitments at such time, represented by such Dollar Tranche Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment at such time; as any such Applicable Percentage for the respective Facility or Tranche may be adjusted as provided in Section 2.17 . If the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or if the Aggregate Commitments have expired, then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of the applicable Facility or Tranche shall be determined based on the Applicable Percentage of such Lender in respect of such Facility or Tranche most recently in effect, giving effect to any subsequent assignments, and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender in respect of each Facility and Tranche is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01A or in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. Applicable Rate means, in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility and each Term Facility, the applicable percentage per annum set forth below determined by reference to the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as set forth in the most recent Compliance Certificate received by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01(c) : 

Fee 

 Rate Term SOFR Loans and 

Revolving Credit Facility Term Facilities Pricing Level Consolidated Leverage Ratio Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Base Rate Loans Letter of Credit Fee Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and Base Rate Loans Rate SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans Alternative Currency Loans I 40 1.25 0.25 1.25 1.20 0.20 

 4 

II > 40 and 45 1.35 0.35 1.35 1.25 0.25 III > 45 and 50 1.45 0.45 1.45 1.35 0.35 IV > 50 and 55 1.60 0.60 1.60 1.50 0.50 V > 55 and 60 1.80 0.80 1.80 1.70 0.70 VI > 60 2.00 1.00 2.00 1.90 0.90 
 Any increase or decrease in the Applicable Rate resulting from a change in the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall become effective as of the first Business Day immediately following the date a Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(c) ; provided, however , that if a Compliance Certificate is not delivered when due in accordance with such Section, then, upon the request of the Required Lenders, Pricing Level VI shall apply as of the first Business Day after the date on which such Compliance Certificate was required to have been delivered and shall remain in effect until the date on which such Compliance Certificate is actually delivered. The Applicable Rate in effect from the Closing Date through the date of the next change in the Applicable Rate pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be determined based upon Pricing Level I. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this definition, the determination of the Applicable Rate for any period shall be subject to the provisions of Section 2.10(b) . If either the Company or the Trust has received two (2) Investment Grade Ratings, the Company shall have a one-time option to make an election to the effect that the Applicable Rate shall be the rate set forth in the tables below corresponding to the Pricing Level into which the Investment Grade Ratings then fall by sending written irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent that either the Company or the Trust has received two (2) such Investment Grade Ratings. 

Revolving Credit Facility Term Facilities Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, LIBOR Daily Pricing Level Rating Floating Rate SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans and Base Rate Loans Facility Fee Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans Base Rate Loans Letter of Credit Fee I A- / A3 0.725 0.00 0.125 0.80 0.00 II BBB+ / Baa1 0.775 0.00 0.15 0.85 0.00 

 5 

III BBB / Baa2 0.85 0.00 0.20 0.95 0.00 IV BBB- / Baa3 1.05 0.05 0.25 1.20 0.20 V BBB- / Baa3 (or unrated) 1.40 0.40 0.30 1.60 0.60 
 Initially, the Applicable Rate shall be determined based upon the debt rating specified in the certificate delivered at the time the Company elects the Ratings Based Pricing Grid. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the debt rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s or S P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Lenders shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. If at any time when the Company or Trust, as applicable, has only two (2) debt ratings, and such debt ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between such debt ratings is one ratings category (e.g., Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the higher of the debt ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such debt ratings is two ratings categories (e.g. Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch) or more, the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the ratings category one category below the higher debt rating were used. If at any time when the Company or Trust, as applicable, has three (3) debt ratings, and such debt ratings are split, then: (A) if the difference between the highest and the lowest such debt ratings is one ratings category (e.g., Baa2 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch), the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the highest of the debt ratings were used; and (B) if the difference between such debt ratings is two ratings categories (e.g., Baa1 by Moody s and BBB- by S P or Fitch) or more, the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the average of the two (2) highest debt ratings were used, provided that if such average is not a recognized rating category, then the Applicable Rate shall be the rate per annum that would be applicable if the second highest debt rating of the three were used. Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage means, with respect to any Revolving Credit Lender at any time, such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of its Dollar Tranche Commitment at such time. Applicable Time means, with respect to any Borrowings and payments in any Alternative Currency, the local time in the place of settlement for such Alternative Currency as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to be necessary for timely settlement on the relevant date in accordance with normal banking procedures in the place of payment. Applicant Borrower has the meaning specified in Section 2.19(a) . 
 6 

Appropriate Lender means, at any time, (a) with respect to either of the Term Facilities, a Lender that has a Commitment with respect to such Facility or holds a Term Loan made under such Facility at such time, (b) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, a Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment, Dollar Tranche Commitment, Multicurrency Tranche Commitments or holds or a Revolving Credit Loan, Dollar Tranche Loan or Multicurrency Tranche Loan, as the context may require, and (b) with respect to the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (i) the L/C Issuers and (ii) if any Letters of Credit have been issued pursuant to Section 2.03(a) , the Dollar Tranche Lenders. Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Arrangers means BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Capital One, National Association, Regions Capital Markets and Truist Securities, Inc., in their capacity as joint lead arrangers. Asset Under Development means any Property (a) for which the Consolidated Group is actively pursuing construction, major renovation, or expansion of such Property or (b) for which no construction has commenced but all necessary entitlements (excluding foundation, building and similar permits) have been obtained in order to allow the Consolidated Group to commence constructing improvements on such Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, tenant improvements in a previously constructed Property shall not be considered an Asset Under Development and, with respect to any existing Property, only the major renovation or expansion portion of such Property shall be considered an Asset Under Development. Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are Affiliates of one another or two or more Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor. Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b)) , and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) approved by the Administrative Agent. Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Consolidated Group for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. From and after the Closing, Audited Financial Statements shall mean the most recent Audited Financial Statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.05(a) . Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b) . Availability Period means in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (i) the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the date of termination of the Revolving Credit Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 , and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender to make Revolving Credit Loans and of the obligation of the L/C Issuers to make L/C Credit Extensions pursuant to Section 8.02 . Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then- current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period or (y) otherwise, any payment 
 7 

period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A., and its successors. Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR (as defined in clause (b) of the definition thereof) plus 1.00 and (d) 1.00 . The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greatest of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. Base Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan, a Term A-1 Loan or a Term A-2 Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. All Base Rate Loans are only available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.03(c) then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. Benchmark Replacement means: (1) For purposes of Section 3.03(c)(i) , the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) Term SOFR, or (b) Daily SOFR; 
 provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent 
 8 

determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Company and each Lender of such availability, then the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Company, amend this Agreement to provide for the availability of Dollar- denominated Loans hereunder as Term SOFR Loans in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, and such amendment shall become effective no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice; and 2) For purposes of Section 3.03(c)(ii) , the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 
 provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans , or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form 
 9 

and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May, 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (b) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 
 Board has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Change of Control in this Section 1.01 . Bookrunners means BofA Securities, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Capital One, National Association, in their capacity as joint bookrunners. Borrower and Borrowers have the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Borrower Guaranty means the Guaranty made by the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, pursuant to Article XI . Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 10.02 (c) . Borrowing means a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a Term A-1 Borrowing, or a Term A-2 Borrowing, as the context may require. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located; provided that ; : 
 (a) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Euro, any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in Euro in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, or any other dealings in Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan, means a Business Day that is also a TARGET Day;
 (b) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in Sterling, means a day other than a day banks are closed for general business in London because such day is a Saturday, Sunday or a legal holiday under the laws of the United Kingdom ; 
 (c) if such day relates to any interest rate settings as to an Alternative Currency Loan 

 10 

denominated in a currency other than Euro or Sterling, means any such day on which dealings in deposits in the relevant currency are conducted by and between banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for such currency ; and
 (d) (c) if such day relates to any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments in a currency other than Euro in respect of an Alternative Currency Loan denominated in a currency other than Euro, or any other dealings in any currency other than Euro to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any such Alternative Currency Loan (other than any interest rate settings), means any such day on which banks are open for foreign exchange business in the principal financial center of the country of such currency.
 Capital Expenditure Reserve means (i) 0.10 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for industrial Properties, (ii) 0.15 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for retail Properties, (iii) 0.25 per square foot of leasable space (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for office Properties and (iv) 200 per unit (as annualized for the applicable ownership period) for residential Properties. Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in Section 1.03(b) or in this definition of Capital Lease Obligations, in the event of an accounting change requiring certain leases to be capitalized, only those leases that would have otherwise constituted capital leases in conformity with GAAP as of December 31, 2018, shall be considered capital leases. Cash Collateralize means to pledge and deposit with or deliver to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, one or more of the L/C Issuers or the Lenders, as collateral for L/C Obligations or obligations of the Lenders to fund participations in respect of L/C Obligations, cash or deposit account balances or, if the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuer(s) benefiting from such collateral shall agree in their sole discretion, other credit support, in each case pursuant to documentation in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer(s). Cash Collateral shall have a meaning correlative to the foregoing and shall include the proceeds of such cash collateral and other credit support. Cash Collateral Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(o) . Cash Equivalents means, as of any date:securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof having maturities of not more than one year from such date; (i) mutual funds organized under the Investment Company Act rated AAm or AAm-G by S P and P-1 by Moody 
 (ii) certificates of deposit or other interest-bearing obligations of a bank or trust 

 11 

company which is a member in good standing of the Federal Reserve System having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1 by S P and not less than P-1 by Moody s (or in each case, if no bank or trust company is so rated, the highest comparable rating then given to any bank or trust company, but in such case only for funds invested overnight or over a weekend) provided that such investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date one month from the date of their purchase; 
 (iii) certificates of deposit or other interest-bearing obligations of a bank or trust company which is a member in good standing of the Federal Reserve System having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1+ by S P and not less than P-1 by Moody s and which has a long term unsecured debt rating of not less than A1 by Moody s (or in each case, if no bank or trust company is so rated, the highest comparable rating then given to any bank or trust company, but in such case only for funds invested overnight or over a weekend) provided that such investments shall mature or be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date three months from the date of their purchase; 
 
 (iv) bonds or other obligations having a short term unsecured debt rating of not less than A-1+ by S P and P-1+ by Moody s and having a long term debt rating of not less than A1 by Moody s issued by or by authority of any state of the United States, any territory or possession of the United States, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and agencies thereof, or any political subdivision of any of the foregoing;
 
 (v) repurchase agreements issued by an entity rated not less than A-1+ by S P, and not less than P-1 by Moody s which are secured by United States Government securities of the type described in clause (i) of this definition maturing on or prior to a date one month from the date the repurchase agreement is entered into;
 
 (vi) short term promissory notes rated not less than A-1+ by S P, and not less than P-1 by Moody s maturing or to be redeemable upon the option of the holders thereof on or prior to a date one month from the date of their purchase; and
 (vii) commercial paper (having original maturities of not more than 365 days) rated at least A-1+ by S P and P-1 by Moody s and issued by a foreign or domestic issuer who, at the time of the investment, has outstanding long-term unsecured debt obligations rated at least A1 by Moody s.
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the Closing Date, of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation (including without limitation Regulation D) or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or 
 12 

directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued, or implemented. Change of Control means the occurrence of any one of the following events (other than to the extent permitted under Section 7.03 ): (a) during any twelve (12) month period on or after the Closing Date, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors or Trustees of Trust (the Board (together with any new directors whose election by the Board or whose nomination for election by the shareholders of Trust was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the members of the Board then in office who either were members of the Board at the beginning of such period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved) cease for any reason (other than death or disability) to constitute a majority of the members of the Board then in office;
 
 (b) any Person or group (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), but excluding any employee benefit plan of such Person or its subsidiaries, and any Person acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan and the rules and regulations thereunder) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of a percentage (based on voting power, in the event different classes of stock shall have different voting powers) of the voting stock of Trust equal to at least thirty percent (30 );
 
 (c) Trust consolidates with, is acquired by, or merges into or with any Person (other than a consolidation or merger in which Trust is the continuing or surviving entity);
 
 (d) Trust fails to own, directly or indirectly, fifty-one percent (51 of the Ownership Interests of the Company and be the sole general partner of the Company; or 
 
 (e) the Company ceases to own, directly or indirectly, all of the Equity Interests (except directors qualifying shares) in any of the Designated Borrowers, free and clear of all Liens except Permitted Equity Encumbrances.
 Closing Date means the first date all the conditions precedent in Section 4.01 are satisfied or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 . CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Commitment means a Term A-1 Commitment, a Term A-2 Commitment or a Revolving Credit Commitment, as the context may require. Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) a Term A-1 Borrowing, (b) a Term A-2 Borrowing, (c) a Revolving Credit Borrowing, (d) a conversion of Loans from one Type to another, (e) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, or (f) a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or 

 13 

such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company. 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. Company has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SONIA any of SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, any Alternative Currency Term Rate, any Relevant Rate or any proposed Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of related thereto, including Base Rate , Daily Simple SOFR , SOFR , Term SOFR , Term SOFR Screen Rate , SONIA , and Interest Period , timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definition definitions of Business Day and U.S. Government Securities Business Day , timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s) and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice for such Agreed Currency (or, if the Administrative Agent determines that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Loan Document). Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Consolidated Debt Service means, for any period, without duplication, (a) Recurring Interest Expense for such period plus (b) the aggregate amount of scheduled principal payments attributable to Total Indebtedness (excluding optional prepayments and prepayment premiums and scheduled balloon principal payments in respect of any such Indebtedness which is not amortized through periodic installments of principal and interest over the term of such Indebtedness) required to be made during such period by any member of the Consolidated Group plus (c) a percentage of all such scheduled principal payments required to be made during such period by any Unconsolidated Affiliate on Indebtedness (excluding optional prepayments and prepayment premiums and scheduled balloon principal payments with respect to any such indebtedness which is not amortized through periodic installments of principal and interest over the term of such Indebtedness) taken into account in calculating Recurring Interest Expense, equal to the greater of (x) the percentage of the principal amount of such Indebtedness for which any member of the Consolidated Group is liable and (y) the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of such Unconsolidated Affiliate. 
 14 

Consolidated EBITDA means Consolidated Net Income plus (a) adjustments for straight line rent if not otherwise included in Consolidated Net Income plus (b) to the extent deducted from revenues in determining Consolidated Net Income, (i) interest expense, (ii) expense for taxes paid or accrued, (iii) depreciation, (iv) amortization, (v) impairment charges, (vi) amounts deducted as a result of the application of FASB ASC 805 as it pertains to above-market rents, (vii) non-cash expenses related to employee and trustee stock and stock option plans, (viii) non-recurring financing, acquisition and disposition related fees and costs, (ix) extraordinary losses incurred other than in the ordinary course of business, (x) Performance Fee expense, provided that any addback of such expense pursuant to this clause (x) will only be permitted if the Company, the Trust and the Advisor have executed a subordination agreement substantially in the form attached as Exhibit L hereto or otherwise on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (and such subordination agreement is in effect at the time of such addback) and the Performance Fee associated with such addback is not paid in contravention of the terms thereof (it being acknowledged and agreed that a subordination agreement is not required to be executed or in effect unless the Company desires to add back Performance Fee expense as provided in this clause (x) and (xi) in the Company s reasonable discretion, other non-cash charges for such period, minus (c) to the extent included in Consolidated Net Income, (i) amounts added as a result of the application of FASB ASC 805 as it pertains to below-market rents and (ii) extraordinary or non- recurring gains realized other than in the ordinary course of business. For the avoidance of doubt, Consolidated EBITDA shall not include gains and losses from asset sales. Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Fixed Charges. Consolidated Group shall mean means the Trust, the Company and all Subsidiaries which are required to be consolidated with them for financial reporting purposes under GAAP. Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share shall mean means , with respect to any Unconsolidated Affiliate, the pro rata share of the ownership interests held by the Consolidated Group, in the aggregate, in such Unconsolidated Affiliate, without duplication. Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, at any date of determination, the sum of Total Indebtedness as of such date plus the Master Lease Obligations as of such date divided by Total Asset Value as of such date, expressed as a percentage. Consolidated Net Income shall mean means , for any period, the sum, without duplication, of (i) net earnings (or loss) after taxes of the Consolidated Group (adjusted by eliminating any such earnings or loss attributable to Unconsolidated Affiliates) plus (ii) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of net earnings (or loss) of all Unconsolidated Affiliates for such period, in each case determined in accordance with GAAP provided, however , that lease payments attributable to Sale-Leaseback Master Leases which are generally excluded from consolidated net income in accordance with GAAP shall nonetheless be included as earnings for purposes of this definition). Consolidated Tangible Net Worth means, at any time, total assets (excluding accumulated depreciation and amortization and excluding intangible assets) of the Consolidated Group minus total liabilities of the Consolidated Group, calculated in accordance with GAAP. However, for the purpose of this calculation, intangible assets resulting from the application of FASB ASC 805 shall not be excluded from Consolidated Tangible Net Worth. 
 15 

Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any security issued by such Person or of any material agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Covered Entity has the meaning specified in Section 10.24(b) . Credit Extension means each of the following: (a) a Borrowing and (b) an L/C Credit Extension. Creditor Parties means, collectively, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and each co-agent or sub-agent appointed by the Administrative Agent from time to time pursuant to Section 9.05 , and the other Persons to whom the Obligations are owing. Current Appraisal has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Property Value in this Section 1.01 . Daily Simple SOFR means the rate per annum equal to SOFR determined for any day pursuant to the definition thereof plus the SOFR Adjustment. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR shall be effective from and including the date of such change without further notice. If the rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Daily SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Daily Simple SOFR. All Daily SOFR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Debt Instrument means any instrument evidencing a debt, including mortgage notes and mezzanine notes. Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. Default Rate means (a) when used with respect to Obligations other than Letter of Credit Fees, an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided, however , that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan, a LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum, and (b) when used with respect to Letter of Credit Fees, a rate equal to the Applicable Rate plus 2 per annum. Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.17(b), any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within three Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be 
 16 

funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within three Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Company, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within five Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Company, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Company that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Company), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be prima facie evidence thereof, absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.17(b) as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Company, each L/C Issuer and each other Lender promptly following such determination. Designated Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Designated Borrower Notice means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit J . Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement means the notice substantially in the form of Exhibit I . Designated Jurisdiction means any country , region or territory to the extent that such country , region or territory itself , or any Governmental Authority of any such country, region or territory, is the subject of any Sanction. Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, assignment, contribution, license, lease or other disposition (in one transaction or in a series of transactions and whether effected pursuant to a Division or otherwise) of any property by any Person (including any sale and leaseback transaction and 
 17 

any issuance of Equity Interests by a Subsidiary of such Person), including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. Dividing Person has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Division. Division means the division of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations of a Person (the Dividing Person among two or more Persons (whether pursuant to a plan of division or similar arrangement), which may or may not include the Dividing Person and pursuant to which the Dividing Person may or may not survive. Division Successor means any Person that, upon the consummation of a Division of a Dividing Person, holds all or any portion of the assets, liabilities and/or obligations previously held by such Dividing Person immediately prior to the consummation of such Division. A Dividing Person which retains any of its assets, liabilities and/or obligations after a Division shall be deemed a Division Successor upon the occurrence of such Division. Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. Dollar Equivalent means, for any amount, at the time of determination thereof, (a) if such amount is expressed in Dollars, such amount, (b) if such amount is expressed in an Alternative Currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars determined by using the rate of exchange for the purchase of Dollars with the Alternative Currency last provided (either by publication or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable) by the applicable Bloomberg source (or such other publicly available source for displaying exchange rates) on the date that is two (2) Business Days immediately preceding the date of determination (or if such service ceases to be available or ceases to provide such rate of exchange, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion) and (c) if such amount is denominated in any other currency, the equivalent of such amount in Dollars as determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, using any method of determination it deems appropriate in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer pursuant to clauses (b) or (c) above shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Dollar Tranche Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Dollar Tranche Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(c)(i) , and (b) purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Dollar Tranche Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Dollar Tranche Lender means a Revolving Credit Lender with a Dollar Tranche Commitment or an outstanding Dollar Tranche Loan. 
 18 

Dollar Tranche Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c)(i) . Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a state within the United States or the District of Columbia. Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: 
 (1) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Company to the Administrative Agent that the Company has made a determination, that Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.03(c) , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Company to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Copy shall have the meaning specified in Section 10.17 . Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) , and (v) (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) ). 
 19 

Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds means the cash proceeds held by a qualified intermediary from the sale of a Property by the Company or a Subsidiary, which cash proceeds are intended to be used by the qualified intermediary to acquire one or more replacement properties that are of like-kind to such Property in an exchange that qualifies as a tax-deferred exchange under Section 1031 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder (the Regulations ), and no portion of which cash proceeds the Company or any Subsidiary has the right to receive, pledge, borrow or otherwise obtain the benefits of until the earlier of (i) such time as provided under Regulation Section 1.1031(k)-1(g)(6) and the applicable exchange agreement or (ii) such exchange is terminated in accordance with the exchange agreement and the Regulations. Upon the cash proceeds no longer being held by the qualified intermediary pursuant to the Regulations or otherwise qualifying under the Regulations for like-kind exchange treatment, such proceeds shall cease being Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds. Terms in quotations in this definition shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Regulations. Eligible Currency means any lawful currency other than Dollars that is readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars in the international interbank market available to the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, in such market and as to which a Dollar Equivalent may be readily calculated. If, after the designation by the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, of any currency as an Alternative Currency (or if, with respect to any currency that constitutes an Alternative Currency on the Closing Date, after the Closing Date) , any change in currency controls or exchange regulations or any change in the national or international financial, political or economic conditions are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued, result in, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent (in the case of any Loans to be denominated in an Alternative Currency) or the applicable L/C Issuer(s) (in the case of any Letter of Credit to be denominated in an Alternative Currency), (a) such currency no longer being readily available, freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (b) a Dollar Equivalent is no longer readily calculable with respect to such currency, (c) providing such currency is impracticable for the Lenders or the L/C Issuers, as applicable, or (d) no longer a currency in which the Required Tranche Lenders are willing to make such Credit Extensions (each of clauses (a) , (b) , (c) , and (d) a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Company, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Alternative Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist(s). Within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loans into the Dollar Equivalent of Loans in Dollars, subject to the other terms contained herein. Environmental Laws means any and all Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws (including common law), regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of human health and safety, the environment and natural resources or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), whether based in contract, tort, implied or express warranty, strict liability, criminal or civil statute or common law, directly or indirectly relating to (a) any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into 
 20 

the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Company within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan or notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan within the meaning of Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA or the determination that any Multiemployer Plan is considered a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 304 and 305 of ERISA; or (h) the imposition of any liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Company or any ERISA Affiliate. EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. Euro and mean the single currency of the Participating Member States. Eurodollar Rate means: (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the 

 21 

Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period , for Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period; and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London time determined on such date for Dollar deposits with a term of one month commencing that day; and 
 (c) if the Eurodollar Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Eurodollar Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan, a Term A-1 Loan or a Term A-2 Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of the Eurodollar Rate. All Eurodollar Rate Loans are only available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . Exchange Act has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Change of Control in this Section 1.01 . Exchange Beneficial Interest means a beneficial interest in a Delaware statutory trust that owns an Exchange Property. Exchange Debt Investments means purchase money financing provided to an Exchange Property Investor in connection with the Exchange Program, secured by the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interest of the Exchange Property Investor. Exchange Depositor means each Subsidiary that is the depositor under a Delaware statutory trust that is part of the Exchange Program. Exchange Fee Titleholder means the entity which is the owner of a Property pursuant to an exchange that qualifies, qualified, or is intended to qualify, as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code, which Property is master leased to a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company during the period before the exchange is either completed or fails. Exchange Program means the program whereby Affiliates of the Company will cause (a)(i) the formation of a Delaware statutory trust which will receive contributions of Properties from the Company or an Affiliate of the Company or acquire Properties from third parties, in each case which Properties will become Exchange Properties upon addition to the Exchange Program, and (ii) the sale of beneficial ownership interests in such Delaware statutory trust to Exchange Property Investors or (b) the sale of tenant in common interests in Properties owned by the Company or an Affiliate of the Company to Exchange Property Investors, and in each case will master lease such Properties to an Affiliate of the Company (which master leases may be guaranteed by the Company or the Trust). 
 22 

Exchange Property means a Property owned directly or indirectly by a Delaware statutory trust or TIC Owners in connection with the Exchange Program, provided that any such Property shall constitute an Exchange Property only so long as it is master leased to an Affiliate of the Company which master lease may be guaranteed by the Company and/or the Trust. Exchange Property Investor means any owner of an Exchange Beneficial Interest or owners of tenant in common interests in Properties TIC Owners ). Exchange Property Master Lease means a Master Lease pursuant to which an Exchange Property is master leased to an Affiliate of the Company. Exchange Property Owner means the Delaware statutory trust or TIC Owners owning directly or indirectly an Exchange Property. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to any Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise or similar Taxes, and branch profits or similar Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its Lending Office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 10.13 or (ii) such Lender changes its Lending Office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 3.01(b) or (d) , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its Lending Office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure or inability to comply with Section 3.01(g) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed pursuant to FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement dated as of January 11, 2019, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders parties thereto, as amended prior to the date hereof. Existing Letters of Credit means the letters of credit listed on Schedule 2.03 . Existing Maturity Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.14(a) . Existing Revolving Credit Loans means the Loans listed on Schedule 2.01(b) under the heading Existing Revolving Credit Loans . Existing Term Loans means the Loans listed on Schedule 2.01(b) under the heading Existing Term Loans . Exiting Lender has the meaning set forth in Section 10.22 . 
 23 

Facility means the Term A-1 Facility, the Term A-2 Facility or the Revolving Credit Facility, as the context may require, and Facilities means a collective reference to the Term A- 1 Facility, the Term A-2 Facility and the Revolving Credit Facility. FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the Closing Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the implementation of the foregoing. Federal Funds Rate shall mean means , for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate; provided that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Fee Letter means collectively the (a) letter agreement, dated September 13, 2021, among the Company, the Administrative Agent and BofA Securities, Inc., as an Arranger, and (b) any letter agreements entered into among the Company and the other Arrangers with respect to arranger fees payable to such other Arrangers in connection with the arrangement of commitments under this Agreement. Federal Reserve System means the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Financeable Ground Lease means, except as otherwise approved by the Required Lenders, a ground lease that provides reasonable and customary protections for a potential leasehold mortgagee Mortgagee which include, among other things, (a) a remaining term, including any optional extension terms exercisable unilaterally by the tenant, of no less than twenty-five (25) years from the Closing Date, (b) that the ground lease will not be terminated until the Mortgagee has received notice of a default, has had a reasonable opportunity to cure or complete foreclosure, and has failed to do so, (c) provision for a new lease on the same terms to the Mortgagee as tenant if the ground lease is terminated for any reason or other protective provisions reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent, (d) non-merger of the fee and leasehold estates, (e) transferability of the tenant s interest under the ground lease without any requirement for consent of the ground lessor unless based on reasonable objective criteria as to the creditworthiness or line of business of the transferee or delivery of customary assignment and assumption agreements from the transferor and transferee, and (f) that insurance proceeds and condemnation awards (from leasehold interest) will be applied pursuant to the terms of the applicable leasehold mortgage. 
 24 

Financial Metrics has the meaning specified in Section 7.09(i). First Amendment Effective Date means July 18, 2022. First Mortgage Investments means any loan or advance from any member of the Consolidated Group to the First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor secured by any real estate owned by the First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor (or any related party) and secured by a first priority mortgage or deed of trust or similar security instrument in favor of the applicable lender. First Mortgage Investment Mortgagor means the mortgagor of the property financed by the First Mortgage Investment. Fitch means Fitch Ratings, Inc. and any successor thereto. Fixed Charges means, for any period, the sum of (i) Consolidated Debt Service and (ii) all dividends actually paid on account of preferred stock or preferred operating partnership units of the Company or any other Person in the Consolidated Group (including dividends actually paid to Unconsolidated Affiliates but excluding dividends paid to members of the Consolidated Group). FMV Option means, for each Exchange Property, the option, but not the obligation, of the Company to, directly or indirectly, purchase such Exchange Property or the Exchange Beneficial Interests relating to such Exchange Property at fair market value at any time (i) beginning on the first to occur of (A) the last day of the 24th month following the final closing of the sale of Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests, as applicable, and (B) the last day of the 48th month following the date the Exchange Property Owner enters into the Exchange Property Master Lease (such earlier date is the FMV Option Start Date and (ii) expiring on the last day of the 12th month following the FMV Option Start Date. The consideration for any such purchase shall be the issuance of units in the Company. Foreign Lender means, with respect to any Borrower (a) if such Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if such Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the Laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which such Borrower is resident for tax purposes (including such a Lender when acting in the capacity of the L/C Issuer). For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. Foreign Obligor means a Loan Party that is a Foreign Subsidiary. Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is not a Domestic Subsidiary. FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. Fronting Exposure means, at any time there is a Defaulting Lender, with respect to any L/C Issuer, such Defaulting Lender s Applicable Percentage of the outstanding L/C Obligations other than L/C Obligations as to which such Defaulting Lender s participation obligation has been reallocated to other Lenders or Cash Collateralized in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 25 

Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including the Financial Conduct Authority, the Prudential Regulation Authority and any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). Guarantee Obligation means, without duplication, any obligation of such Person guaranteeing (the guaranteeing person or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations payable or performable by another Person (including, without limitation, any bank under any letter of credit) (the primary obligor then payable or performable in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including, without limitation, any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (i) to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (ii) to advance or supply funds (1) for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or (2) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (iii) to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or (iv) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however, that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of the primary obligation relating to such Guarantee Obligation (or, if less, the maximum stated liability set forth in the instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation), provided , that in the absence of any such stated amount or stated liability, the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Company in good faith. Guarantors means, collectively, the Trust, the Company, all Subsidiary Guarantors and all Investor Guarantors and, with respect to Obligations owing by any Designated Borrower, the Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary. Guaranty means collectively the guaranty from the Trust, and any Subsidiary Guaranty, substantially in the forms of Exhibits F-1 , and F-2 , respectively, the Borrower Guaranty and any 
 26 

Investor Guaranty, each made in favor of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other similar substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. Impacted Loans has to meaning specified in Section 3.03(a) . Increase Effective Date has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.15(d) . Indebtedness of any Person at any date means, without duplication, (a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money including without limitation any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to securities, accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) all obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than current trade liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business and payable in accordance with customary practices), to the extent such obligations constitute indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, (c) any other indebtedness of such Person which is evidenced by a note, bond, debenture or similar instrument and constitutes indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, (d) all Capital Lease Obligations, (e) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of Indebtedness of another Person (excluding in any calculation of consolidated Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group Guarantee Obligations of one member of the Consolidated Group in respect of primary obligations of any other member of the Consolidated Group), (f) the face amount of all letters of credit issued for the account of such Person and, without duplication, all unreimbursed amounts drawn thereunder, but excluding the underlying obligation for which the letter of credit is being provided, if duplicative; and (g) all currently payable obligations of such Person with respect to any Swap Contracts. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor (excluding customary limited exceptions for certain acts or types of liability such as environmental liability, fraud and other customary non-recourse carve-outs). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Indebtedness shall not include (a) any liability under an Exchange Property Master Lease (including any guaranty thereof by the Trust or the Company) that would otherwise constitute indebtedness for the purposes of GAAP, or (b) any Indebtedness associated with or attributed to an Exchange Property, other than the Consolidated Group s pro rata share (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are owned by the Consolidated Group) of such Indebtedness. 
 27 

Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan and any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made; provided, however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; (b) as to any Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made, and (c) as to any Base Rate Loan or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan , the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made , and (d) as to any Daily SOFR Loan, the last Business Day of each month and the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility . Interest Period means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan and each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, as applicable, and ending on the date one (1), three (3) or six (6) months thereafter (in each case, subject to availability for the interest rate applicable to the relevant currency), as selected by the Company in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that : (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day;
 
 (b) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and
 
 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date of the Facility under which such Loan was made.
 Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor has the meaning specified in Section 6.12 . 
 28 

Investment means, as to any Person, without duplication, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Investment Grade Rating means a credit rating of BBB-/Baa3 (or the equivalent) or higher from Fitch, Moody s or S P. Investor Guarantor means any shareholders, members, partners or Affiliates of the Company or the Trust that are a party to the Investor Guaranty. Investor Guaranty means a guaranty which may be executed and delivered by one or more Investor Guarantors in accordance with Section 6.14 , in a form approved by Administrative Agent, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.17 . IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISP means the International Standby Practices-International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). Issuer Documents means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Letter of Credit Application, and any other document, agreement and instrument entered into by any L/C Issuer and any Borrower (or any Subsidiary) or in favor of such L/C Issuer and relating to such Letter of Credit. Judgment Currency has the meaning specified in Section 10.24 . Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and 
 29 

agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. L/C Advance means, with respect to each Dollar Tranche Lender, such Dollar Tranche Lender s funding of its participation in any L/C Borrowing in accordance with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage. All L/C Advances shall be denominated in Dollars. L/C Borrowing means an extension of credit resulting from a drawing under any Letter of Credit which has not been reimbursed on the date when made or refinanced as a Revolving Credit Borrowing. All L/C Borrowings shall be denominated in Dollars. L/C Commitment means, with respect to each L/C Issuer, the commitment of such L/C Issuer to issue Letters of Credit hereunder. The initial amount of each L/C Issuer s L/C Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01B , or if an L/C Issuer has entered into an Assignment and Assumption or has otherwise assumed an L/C Commitment after the Closing Date, the amount set forth for such L/C Issuer as its L/C Commitment in the Register maintained by the Administrative Agent. The L/C Commitment of an L/C Issuer may be modified from time to time by agreement between such L/C Issuer and the Company, and notified to the Administrative Agent. L/C Credit Extension means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the issuance thereof or extension of the expiry date thereof, or the increase of the amount thereof. L/C Disbursement means a payment made by an L/C Issuer pursuant to a Letter of Credit. L/C Issuer means each of Bank of America (through itself or through any of its designated branch offices or, solely in connection with a Letter of Credit issued in an Alternative Currency or a Letter of Credit issued to a Foreign Obligor, any of its designated Affiliates), Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and Capital One, National Association, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and such other Lender (if any) as the Company may select as an L/C Issuer hereunder pursuant to Section 2.03 ; provided that such Lender has agreed to be an L/C Issuer. Any L/C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such L/C Issuer, in which case the term L/C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. Each reference herein to the L/C Issuer in connection with a Letter of Credit or other matter shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant L/C Issuer with respect thereto. L/C Obligations means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time, including any automatic or scheduled increases provided for by the terms of such Letters of Credit, determined without regard to whether any conditions to drawing could be met at that time, plus (b) the aggregate amount of all Unreimbursed Amounts, including all L/C Borrowings. The L/C Obligations of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the total L/C Obligations at such time. For all purposes of this Agreement, if on any date of determination a Letter of Credit has expired by its terms but any amount may still be drawn thereunder by reason of the operation of Article 29(a) of the UCP or Rule 3.13 or Rule 3.14 of the ISP or similar terms of the Letter of Credit itself, or if compliant 
 30 

documents have been presented but not yet honored, such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be outstanding and undrawn in the amount so remaining available to be paid, and the obligations of the Borrowers and each Lender shall remain in full force and effect until the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall have no further obligations to make any payments or disbursements under any circumstances with respect to any Letter of Credit. Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Lender Parties and Lender Recipient Parties mean, collectively, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers. Lender Reply Period has the meaning specified in Section 9.10 . Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Company and the Administrative Agent, which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. Letter of Credit means any standby letter of credit issued hereunder providing for the payment of cash upon the honoring of a presentation thereunder and shall include the Existing Letters of Credit. Letters of Credit may be issued in Dollars or in an Alternative Currency. Letter of Credit Application means an application and agreement for the issuance or amendment of a Letter of Credit in the form from time to time in use by the applicable L/C Issuer. Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(h) . Letter of Credit Sublimit means an amount equal to the lesser of the aggregate amount of all Lenders Dollar Tranche Commitments and 50,000,000. The Letter of Credit Sublimit is part of, and not in addition to, the Revolving Credit Facility and the aggregate Dollar Tranche Commitments. LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Eurodollar Rate in this Section 1.01 . LIBOR Daily Floating Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to LIBOR, as published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion), at or about 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) London Banking Days prior to such day, for U.S. Dollar deposits with a term of one (1) month commencing that day; provided that if the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan means a Revolving Credit Loan that bears interest at a rate based upon the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate. All LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loans are only available to U.S. Borrowers and shall be denominated in Dollars. 
 31 

Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, right-of-way or other encumbrance on title to real property, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). Loan means an extension of credit by a Lender to a Borrower under Article II in the form of a Term A-1 Loan, a Term A-2 Loan or a Revolving Credit Loan. Loan Documents means this Agreement, including schedules and exhibits hereto, each Note, each Issuer Document, each Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement, any agreement creating or perfecting rights in Cash Collateral pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 of this Agreement, the Fee Letter and the Guaranty, and any amendments, modifications or supplements hereto or to any other Loan Document or waivers hereof or to any other Loan Document. Loan Parties means, collectively, the Company, each Designated Borrower and each Guarantor. London Banking Day means any day on which dealings in Dollar deposits are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. Master Agreement has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Swap Contract in this Section 1.01 . Master Lease Obligations means, as of any date of determination, the sum of all remaining obligations of the Consolidated Group, determined on a consolidated basis, to pay rent under all Exchange Property Master Leases, which such obligations shall be determined with respect to each Exchange Property Master Lease (a) commencing on the date of the first sale of an Exchange Beneficial Interest in the applicable Exchange Property Owner to an Exchange Property Investor and (b) ending on (i) if the expiration of the FMV Option with respect to the Exchange Property that is the subject of such Exchange Property Master Lease is not yet known, the date that is five years after the date of the commencement of the applicable Exchange Property Master Lease with respect to such Exchange Property, or (ii) if the expiration of the FMV Option with respect to the Exchange Property that is the subject of such Exchange Property Master Lease is known, the date of the expiration of the applicable FMV Option with respect to such Exchange Property. Material Acquisition mean the acquisition of assets with a total cost that is more than ten percent (10 of the Total Asset Value based on the most recent Compliance Certificate submitted prior to such acquisition. Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (i) the business, property or financial condition of the Consolidated Group (collectively taken as a whole), (ii) the ability of the Company or the Trust to perform its material obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) the ability of the Loan Parties collectively taken as a whole to perform their material obligations under the Loan Documents, or (iv) the validity or enforceability of any of the material provisions of Loan Documents or the material rights or remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereunder. 
 32 

Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit) or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Contracts, of any one or more of the Company and its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 25,000,000 for Recourse Indebtedness and 125,000,000 for all other Indebtedness. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary in respect of any Swap Contracts at any time shall be the aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that the Company or such Subsidiary would be required to pay if such Swap Contract were terminated at such time. Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Company with assets having a fair market value of 1,000,000 or more. Maturity Date means (a) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, November 22, 2025, subject to extension in accordance with Section 2.14 ; (b) with respect to the Term A-1 Facility, November 22, 2026; and (c) with respect to the Term A-2 Facility, January 22, 2027; provided, however , that, in each case, if such date is not a Business Day, the Maturity Date shall be the next preceding Business Day. Maximum Rate has the meaning specified in Section 10.09 . Minimum Collateral Amount means, at any time, with respect to Cash Collateral consisting of cash or deposit account balances, an amount equal to 102 of the Fronting Exposure of all L/C Issuers with respect to Letters of Credit issued and outstanding at such time. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Mortgagee has the meaning specified in the definition of the term Financeable Ground Lease in this Section 1.01 . Multicurrency Tranche Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to make Multicurrency Tranche Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(c)(ii) , in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Multicurrency Tranche Lender means a Lender with a Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or an outstanding Multicurrency Tranche Loan. Multicurrency Tranche Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01(c)(ii) . Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 
 33 

4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. Multiple Employer Plan means a Pension Plan which has two or more contributing sponsors (including the Company or any ERISA Affiliate) at least two of whom are not under common control, as such a plan is described in Section 4064 of ERISA. Net Operating Income means, with respect to any Property for any period, (i) revenues therefrom (including, without limitation, expense reimbursement, loss of rent income and lease termination fees appropriately amortized to the extent there is no new tenant in the space for which the lease termination fee was paid) calculated, in each case, in accordance with GAAP but excluding the effects of FASB ASC 805, less (ii) the costs of operating and maintaining such Property, including, without limitation, real estate taxes, insurance, repairs, maintenance, actual property management fees paid to third parties or charged internally at a market rate and bad debt expense but excluding depreciation, amortization, interest expense, tenant improvements, leasing commissions, and capital expenditures, calculated, in each case, in accordance with GAAP. For such Properties owned for less than one full quarter, the Net Operating Income for such full quarter shall be determined on a proforma basis based on performance during such partial quarter, grossed up for the full calculation period, which performance information may be derived from information provided by the prior owner of such Property for that portion of such partial quarter prior to the acquisition of such Property, or if such information is not reasonably available, based on in place Net Operating Income. New Lender Joinder Agreement has the meaning specified in Section 2.15(c) . Non-Consenting Lender means any Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all Lenders or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.01 and (b) has been approved by the Required Lenders. Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. Non-Extension Notice Date has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(b) . Non-SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(c). Non-US Jurisdictions means each of Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Netherlands, Germany, Belgium, France, Switzerland, Spain, Portugal, and Italy. Note means a Term A-1 Note, a Term A-2 Note or a Revolving Credit Note, as the context requires. Notice of Additional L/C Issuer means a certificate substantially the form of Exhibit K or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 34 

Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Loan Party arising under any Loan Document with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations include (a) the obligation to pay principal, interest, Letter of Credit commissions, charges, expenses, fees, indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party pursuant to the terms of any Loan Document and (b) the obligation of the Loan Parties to reimburse any amount in respect of any of the foregoing in clause (a) above that the Administrative Agent or any Lender, in each case in its sole discretion, may elect to pay or advance on behalf of the Loan Parties. OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the charter or certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating or limited liability agreement (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction) and any agreement, instrument, filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction). Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document). Other Debt Investments means investments in debt instruments or preferred equity investments (other than First Mortgage Investments and Exchange Debt Investments), including but not limited to mezzanine loans, second lien loans, preferred equity investments and B notes. Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Company have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(c)(ii) and paragraph (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 35 

Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 3.06 ). Outstanding Amount means (a) with respect to Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans (or any Type or Tranche thereof) on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount thereof after giving effect to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans, and Revolving Credit Loans, as the case may be, occurring on such date; and (b) with respect to any L/C Obligations on any date, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate outstanding amount of such L/C Obligations on such date after giving effect to any L/C Credit Extension occurring on such date and any other changes in the aggregate amount of the L/C Obligations as of such date, including as a result of any reimbursements by the Borrowers of Unreimbursed Amounts. Overnight Rate means, for any day, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in an Alternative Currency, an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issues, as the case may be, in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to Economic and Monetary Union. PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum funding standards with respect to Pension Plans and set forth in Sections 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (including a Multiple Employer Plan and other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Company and/or any ERISA Affiliate or with respect to which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate has any liability and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 36 

Performance Fee means the Performance Component of the Advisory Fee (as both terms are defined in the Advisory Agreement on the Closing Date or as amended in accordance with Section 7.11 ). Permitted Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by Law for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.03 ;
 (b) landlords , operators , carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than 60 days, are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or for which a bond in the full amount thereof has been posted;
 (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations;
 
 (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business;
 
 (e) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ;
 (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any material monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or any Subsidiary;
 
 (g) Liens in existence on the date hereof, and extensions, renewals and replacements of such Liens, as long as such extension, renewal and replacement Liens do not spread to any property other than property encumbered by such Liens on the date hereof;
 (h) Liens on Properties first acquired by the Company or a Subsidiary after the date hereof and which are in place at the time such Properties are so acquired;
 (i) Liens and rights of setoff of banks and securities intermediaries in respect of deposit accounts and securities accounts maintained in the ordinary course of business and Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-210 of the UCC;
 (j) assignments of past due receivables for collection purposes only; 
 37 

(k) leases or subleases granted in the ordinary course of business; 
 
 (l) additional Liens on property or assets securing additional obligations not to exceed, in the aggregate, 3,000,000 at any time outstanding;
 (m) Liens arising in connection with any Indebtedness permitted hereunder; (n) Liens of any Subsidiary in favor of the Company or any of the other Loan Parties; 
 
 (o) any netting or set-off right under any Swap Contract. 
 Permitted Equity Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by Law for taxes, assessments or governmental charges or levies that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 6.03 ; and 
 (b) judgment liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) .
 Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction means any transaction or series of related transactions relating to an issuance of all Indebtedness and other obligations (collectively, Tax Incentive Indebtedness arising in connection with the issuance of bonds, notes or other obligations by a Governmental Authority located in the United States (each, a Tax Incentive Issuer to mitigate real estate and/or ad valorem Taxes otherwise payable in connection with the ownership of any Property (each, a Tax Incentive Property ), the fee title to which is owned (or leased) by a Tax Incentive Issuer, and subsequently leased (or subleased) by the Subsidiary from the Tax Incentive Issuer, such transaction or series of transactions being governed by, among other documents, any indenture or other agreement governing or evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, entered into by and between a Tax Incentive Issuer and the trustee of the bonds in connection with the issuance of such Tax Incentive Indebtedness, if applicable (each, an Tax Incentive Indenture ), any lease agreement entered into by and between a Subsidiary and an Tax Incentive Issuer (or any affiliate thereof) in connection with the issuance by such Tax Incentive Issuer of Tax Incentive Indebtedness (each, a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement ), any guaranty or similar agreement entered into by any Subsidiary to guaranty, for the benefit of the bondholder (which, pursuant to (iii) below, shall be the applicable Subsidiary, or an affiliate thereof), certain payments due in connection with the issuance of Tax Incentive Indebtedness, including, without limitation, the payment of principal and interest due under the bonds, notes, or other obligations evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, and Tax Incentive Issuer or trustees fees and expenses, if any, due under the trust indenture (each, an Tax Incentive Guaranty ), PILOT agreements, tax incentive agreements, and any other certificate, agreement, document or instrument, in each case, executed and delivered by any Subsidiary, Tax Incentive Issuer, or the trustee of any bonds in connection with such issuance of Tax Incentive Indebtedness and related tax incentives (collectively, Tax Incentive Documents which satisfy the following criteria: (i) any net cash 
 38 

proceeds of the Tax Incentive Indebtedness under such Tax Incentive Documents are used for the purpose of acquiring, constructing, developing, expanding, installing and/or upgrading an Tax Incentive Property, (ii) such Tax Incentive Indebtedness is non-recourse to the Loan Parties (other than as expressly provided in the applicable Tax Incentive Guaranty, if any), and any successors and/or assigns of such Loan Parties in the event of a transfer or assignment of the applicable Tax Incentive Lease Agreement and all of the rights and obligations of such Subsidiary under each other Tax Incentive Document (including any Tax Incentive Guaranty) to an assignee who is a Person that is not a Subsidiary, (iii) the applicable Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) is the purchaser of the taxable bonds, or holder of the applicable notes or other obligations issued or to be issued in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness (and, so long as such Tax Incentive Property is an Unencumbered Property, at all times such Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) shall remain the owner or holder thereof), (iv) the base payments due under the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement are equivalent to the debt service due under any bonds, notes or other obligations evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness (other than the payment of a nominal sum as additional annual base rent during the term of the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement), (v) the applicable Tax Incentive Lease Agreement or another Tax Incentive Document grants to the applicable Subsidiary the option to re-acquire title to all or any portion of such Tax Incentive Property for a nominal sum at any time without further consent of the Tax Incentive Issuer or any other party other than the Subsidiary (of affiliate thereof) in its capacity as the bondholder or holder of the note or other obligation, either directly or through the trustee of the applicable bonds evidencing the Tax Incentive Indebtedness, (vi) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit in any material respect the use by any Subsidiary of its property or assets (including the applicable Tax Incentive Property), except as may be required by applicable law to maintain the designation of the Tax Incentive Property as a project pursuant to the applicable legislation governing such tax incentive structures, (vii) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit the ability of the Subsidiary to finance its interest in the Tax Incentive Property, including mortgaging the leasehold estate created under the Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, (viii) no Tax Incentive Document entered into in connection with such Tax Incentive Indebtedness shall limit the ability of the Subsidiary to transfer its interest in the Tax Incentive Property, except for any requirement for a consent from the Tax Incentive Issuer that is considered administrative and which can reasonably expected to be obtained in the ordinary course of business, and (ix) no Tax Incentive Document shall contain a clawback provision pursuant to which there could be an obligation by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary to repay a material portion of prior tax benefits received other than due to material breach by the Company or the applicable Subsidiary. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Platform has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . Property means any real estate (including any leasehold estate created pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement) or infrastructure asset owned by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any Subsidiary, any Unconsolidated Affiliate, any Exchange Fee Titleholder, any Exchange Property Owner or any other member of the Consolidated Group, and operated or intended to be operated as an investment property. 
 39 

Property Investment Value means, at any time with respect to any Property, the undepreciated book value of such interest determined in accordance with GAAP. Property Value means for a Property , as of any date of determination, with respect to any Property owned, or ground leased pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or leased pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, in each case directly or indirectly by the Company, any of the Guarantors, any Subsidiary, any Unconsolidated Affiliate, any Exchange Fee Titleholder, any Exchange Property Owner or any other member of the Consolidated Group and subject to any imitations contained herein on the value of such Property that may be included in determinations of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value or Total Asset Value, as applicable, the most recent estimated as is fair market value for such Property as determined by Altus Group or other third party valuation firm engaged by the Company or applicable member of the Consolidated Group, but only if, as of such date , of determination, either (x) the Property was acquired, or (y) a full appraisal report has been performed by Altus Group or such other third party valuation firm , in either such case of (x) or (y), during the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs or during the immediately preceding calendar year (such full appraisal report , or cost basis solely if such full appraisal report has not yet been performed , a Current Appraisal . For the avoidance of doubt, the estimated as is fair market value of any Property may be updated periodically in between the as of dates of any Current Appraisal report provided by Altus Group or such other third party valuation firm to reflect changes in market conditions and/or leasing activity since the date of the last Current Appraisal was performed with respect to such Property ; provided , however , that if, as of any date of determination, the Company does not have a full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal for with respect to a certain Property and such Property was acquired prior to the beginning of the calendar year that ended immediately prior to the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs , then the Property Value of such Property as of such date of determination will be (i) 90 of the most recent Current Appraisal for such Property during the period beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on March 31 of such calendar year, 90 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 75 of the cost basis for such Property), unless and until a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal is obtained, or (ii) 75 of the most recent Current Appraisal for such Property during the period beginning on April 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on June 30 of such calendar year, 75 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 50 of the cost basis for such Property), unless and until a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property is obtained and (iii) during the period beginning on July 1 of the calendar year in which such date of determination occurs and ending on the date that a new full appraisal report constituting a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property is obtained, 60 of the as is fair market value of such Property as set forth in the full appraisal report that most recently constituted a Current Appraisal with respect to such Property (or, if as of such date of determination no full such full appraisal report has been performed with respect to such Property, 0 of the cost basis for such Property) . A Property contributed to a joint venture by the Company , or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to have been owned by such joint venture from the date of such contribution and any . A Property acquired by the Company , or any Subsidiary from an affiliated a joint venture shall be deemed to have been 
 40 

acquired by that is an Affiliate of the Company , or any Subsidiary on shall be deemed to have been owned from the date of such acquisition acquired from such joint venture. PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. Public REIT Securities means common stock or preferred shares issued by a publicly traded real estate investment trust. Rate Determination Date means, with respect to any Interest Period, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period (or such other day as is generally treated as the rate fixing day by market practice in such interbank market, as determined by the Administrative Agent; provided that, to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then Rate Determination Date means such other day as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent). Recipient means the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party hereunder. Recourse Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any other member of the Consolidated Group with respect to which the liability of the obligor is not limited to the obligor s interest in specified assets securing such Indebtedness, subject to customary limited exceptions for certain acts or types of liability. Recurring Interest Expense means, for any period without duplication, the sum of (a) the amount of interest (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Total Indebtedness actually payable by members of the Consolidated Group during such period, plus (b) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of any interest (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Indebtedness actually payable by Unconsolidated Affiliates during such period, whether recourse or non-recourse, but excluding amortized financing related expenses. Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . Regulation D means Regulation D, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Regulation U means Regulation U of the FRB, as in effect from time to time and all official rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, administrators, managers, advisors, consultants, service providers and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. Relevant Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. Rate means with respect to any Credit Extension 
 41 

denominated in (a Dollars, SOFR and Term SOFR, (b Sterling, SONIA, b c Euros, EURIBOR, and c d Canadian Dollars, the CDOR Rate, as applicable. Removal Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(b) . Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the 30 day notice period has been waived. Request for Credit Extension means (a) with respect to a Borrowing, conversion or continuation of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, a Committed Loan Notice, and (b) with respect to an L/C Credit Extension, a Letter of Credit Application. Required Lenders means, at any time, at least two Lenders having Total Credit Exposures representing more than 50 of the Total Credit Exposures of all Lenders (with the aggregate amount of each Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Lender for purposes of this definition). The Total Credit Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Lenders at any time; provided that the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the applicable L/C Issuer in making such determination. Required Revolving Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (a) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (b) the aggregate unused Revolving Credit Facility; provided that the unused Revolving Credit Commitment of, and the portion of the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings of, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Revolving Lenders at any time; provided further that, the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the L/C Issuer in making such determination. Required Term A-1 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Term A-1 Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of the Term A-1 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term A-1 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Term A-1 Lenders at any time. Required Term A-2 Lenders means, as of any date of determination, Term A-2 Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of the Term A-2 Facility on such date; provided that the portion of the Term A-2 Facility held by any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Term A-2 Lenders at any time. Required Tranche Lenders means, as of any date of determination, (a) with respect to matters relating to Multicurrency Revolving Commitments and Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loans only, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Multicurrency Tranche Loans and (ii) the aggregate unused Multicurrency Tranche Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders and (b) with respect to matters relating to Dollar Tranche Commitments (including the purchase of participations in L/C 
 42 

Obligations) and Dollar Tranche Loans only, Revolving Credit Lenders holding more than 50 of the sum of (i) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans (with the aggregate amount of each Revolving Credit Lender s risk participation and funded participation in L/C Obligations being deemed held by such Revolving Credit Lender for purposes of this definition) and (ii) the aggregate unused Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders; provided that the unused Multicurrency Tranche Commitment or Dollar Tranche Commitment, as applicable, of, and the Multicurrency Tranche Loans and Dollar Tranche Loans, as applicable, of, any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Required Tranche Lenders at any time; provided further that, the amount of any participation in any Unreimbursed Amounts that such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund that have not been reallocated to and funded by another Lender shall be deemed to be held by the Lender that is the L/C Issuer in making such determination. Rescindable Amount has the meaning as defined specified in Section 2.12(b)(ii) . Resignation Effective Date has the meaning specified in Section 9.06(a) . Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer or Senior Vice President, Debt Capital Markets of the Trust, or such other Persons proposed by the Trust and reasonably approved by Administrative Agent in writing, and solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of a Loan Party and, solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent or any other officer or employee of the applicable Loan Party designated in or pursuant to an agreement from the applicable Loan Party for the benefit of the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be deemed to be acting solely in such person s representative capacity and not in his or her individual capacity. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Responsible Officer shall refer to a Responsible Officer of the Company. Restricted Payment means any cash dividend, cash distribution or other cash payment with respect to any equity interests in the Company or any Subsidiary, excluding (i) any dividend, distribution or other payment by a member of the Consolidated Group to another member of the Consolidated Group (including in connection with the issuance of equity interests), (ii) any redemption of equity interests by a member of the Consolidated Group (including pursuant to a share buyback program); (iii) any distribution or other payment by an Unconsolidated Affiliate to a member of the Consolidated Group (including promote payments in connection with development joint ventures and regular distributions of cash flow from Unconsolidated Affiliates); and (iv) any distribution or other payment by any Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate which is a partnership, limited liability company or joint venture or mezzanine lender and operated in the ordinary course of business. 
 43 

Revaluation Date means (a) with respect to any Loan, each of the following: (i) each date of a Borrowing of an Alternative Currency Loan, (ii with respect to an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, each Interest Payment Date, (iii each date of a continuation of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan pursuant to Section 2.02 , and iii iv such additional dates as the Administrative Agent shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require, in each case under this clause iii iv in its or their reasonable discretion; and (b) with respect to any Letter of Credit, each of the following: (i) each date of issuance, amendment and/or extension of a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, (ii) each date of any payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under any Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency, and (iii) such additional dates as the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. Revolving Credit Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Revolving Credit Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Dollar Tranche Lenders or each of the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 2.01(c) . Revolving Credit Commitment means, as to each Revolving Credit Lender, its obligation to (a) make Revolving Credit Loans to the Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.01(c) , and (b) in the case of a Dollar Tranche Lender, purchase participations in L/C Obligations, in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the Dollar Equivalent of the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Revolving Credit Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Revolving Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the aggregate principal amount at such time of such Lender s outstanding Revolving Credit Loans and such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time. Revolving Credit Facility means, at any time, the aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Lenders Revolving Credit Commitments (inclusive of the Dollar Tranche Commitments and the Multicurrency Tranche Commitments) at such time. On the Closing First Amendment Effective Date the Revolving Credit Facility is 700,000,000 900,000,000 . Revolving Credit Lender means (a) at any time prior to the last day of the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, any Lender that has a Revolving Credit Commitment at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Revolving Credit Loans at such time. Revolving Credit Loan means a Dollar Tranche Loan or a Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loan. Revolving Credit Note means a promissory note made by the Borrowers in favor of a Revolving Credit Lender evidencing Revolving Credit Loans made by such Revolving Credit Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-3 . Revolving Credit Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 44 

S P means S P Global Ratings, a division of S P Global, and any successor to its rating agency business. Sale-Leaseback Master Lease shall mean means a master lease entered into by a buyer of a Property, as lessor, and the seller of such Property, as lessee, in connection with a transaction whereby such seller leases all or a portion of such Property after closing. Same Day Funds means (a) with respect to disbursements and payments in Dollars, immediately available funds, and (b) with respect to disbursements and payments in an Alternative Currency, same day or other funds as may be determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuers, as the case may be, to be customary in the place of disbursement or payment for the settlement of international banking transactions in the relevant Alternative Currency. Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, Her Majesty s Treasury or any other relevant sanctions authority. Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03( e c ). SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. SOFR means, with respect to any applicable determination date, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published on the fifth U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding such date by the SOFR Administrator on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source); provided , however , that if such determination date is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, then SOFR means such rate that applied on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto. SOFR Adjustment means, (a) with respect to each Daily SOFR Loan , means 0.11448 (11.448 basis points); and (b) with respect to Term SOFR , Loans, means 0.11448 (11.448 basis points) per annum for an Available Tenor Interest Period of one-month s duration, 0.26161 (26.161 basis points) per annum for an Available Tenor Interest Period of three-months duration, and 0.42826 (42.826 basis points) per annum for an Available Tenor Interest Period of six - months duration, and 0.71513 (71.513 basis points) per annum for an Available Tenor of twelve -months duration. SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of SOFR, or any successor administrator of SOFR designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or other Person acting as the SOFR Administrator at such time that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent . SOFR Early Opt-in Loan means the Administrative Agent and the Company have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(c)(i) and paragraph (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement a Term SOFR Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan, as applicable. 
 45 

SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b). SOFR Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b) . Solvent and Solvency mean, with respect to any Person on any date of determination, that on such date (a) the fair value of the property of such Person is greater than the total amount of liabilities, including contingent liabilities, of such Person, (b) the present fair salable value of the assets of such Person is not less than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of such Person on its debts as they become absolute and matured, (c) such Person does not intend to, and does not believe that it will, incur debts or liabilities beyond such Person s ability to pay such debts and liabilities as they mature, (d) such Person is not engaged in business or a transaction, and is not about to engage in business or a transaction, for which such Person s property would constitute an unreasonably small capital, and (e) such Person is able to pay its debts and liabilities, contingent obligations and other commitments as they mature in the ordinary course of business. The amount of contingent liabilities at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in the light of all the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability. SONIA shall mean means , with respect to any applicable determination date, the Sterling Overnight Index Average Reference Rate published on the fifth Business Day preceding such date on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion); provided however that if such determination date is not a Business Day, SONIA means such rate that applied on the first Business Day immediately prior thereto ; provided further that if SONIA as determined in accordance with the foregoing shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents . SONIA Adjustment means, with respect to SONIA, 0.0326 per annum. Special Notice Currency means at any time an Alternative Currency, other than the currency of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development at such time located in North America or Europe. Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Company. Subsidiary Guarantor means (a) each Subsidiary Owner that is a Domestic Subsidiary, 
 46 

(b) each Domestic Subsidiary that is master leasing an Unencumbered Property from an Exchange Fee Titleholder, (c) each Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor, (d) each Exchange Depositor, and (e) any other Subsidiary that elects to become a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty. Subsidiary Guaranty means the guaranty to be executed and delivered by the Subsidiary Guarantors, substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 , as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Subsidiary Owner means the Subsidiary that is the owner of the applicable Unencumbered Property (including the lessee of the applicable Unencumbered Property pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease, as applicable), and any Exchange Depositor under a Delaware statutory trust that owns any applicable Unencumbered Property and is part of the Exchange Program or, after the FMV Option has been exercised, an Affiliate of the Company that is also the owner of 100 of the Exchange Beneficial Interests. Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 3.03( e c ). Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. SWIFT has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilizes a single shared platform and which was launched on November 19, 2007. TARGET Day means any day on which TARGET2 (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system, if any, determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term A-1 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A-1 Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and 
 47 

Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A-1 Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . Term A-1 Commitment means, as to each Term A-1 Lender, its obligation to make Term A-1 Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term A-1 Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Term A-1 Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Term A- 1 Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Term A-1 Facility means (a) at any time on or prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of the unfunded Term A-1 Commitments at such time and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-1 Loans of all Term A-1 Lenders outstanding at such time and (b) thereafter, the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-1 Loans of all Term A-1 Lenders outstanding at such time. On the Closing Date the Term A-1 Facility is 400,000,000, and, on any Term A-1 Funding Date on which a Term A-1 Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency is made, will be adjusted as described in Section 2.01(a) . Term A-1 Lender means (a) at any time prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, any Lender that has a Term A-1 Commitment or holds Term A-1 Loans at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Term A-1 Loans at such time. Term A-1 Loan means an advance made by any Term A-1 Lender under the Term A-1 Commitments. Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline means the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date of the fourth Term A-1 Funding Date (if any) occurring after the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Term A-1 Borrowing made on such date), (iii) the Term A-1 Funding Date on which a Term A-1 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans (if any) is made (after giving effect thereto); and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Term A-1 Lender to make Term A-1 Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 . Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(c) . Term A-1 Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term A-1 Lender evidencing Term A-1 Loans made by such Term A-1 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 . Term A-2 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of simultaneous Term A-2 Loans of the same Type, in the same currency and, in the case of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, having the same Interest Period made by each of the Term A-2 Lenders pursuant to Section 2.01(a) . Term A-2 Commitment means, as to each Term A-2 Lender, its obligation to make Term A-2 Loans to the Company pursuant to Section 2.01(a) in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Term A-2 Lender s name on Schedule 2.01A under the caption Term A-2 Commitment or opposite such caption in the Assignment and Assumption or New Lender Joinder Agreement pursuant to which such Term A- 
 48 

2 Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Term A-2 Facility means (a) at any time on or prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, the sum of (i) the aggregate amount of the unfunded Term A-2 Commitments at such time and (ii) the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-2 Loans of all Term A-2 Lenders outstanding at such time and (b) thereafter, the aggregate principal amount of the Term A-2 Loans of all Term A-2 Lenders outstanding at such time. On the Closing Date the Term A-2 Facility is 400,000,000, and on any Term A-2 Funding Date on which a Term A-2 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans (if any) is made, will be adjusted as described in Section 2.01(b) . Term A-2 Lender means (a) at any time prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, any Lender that has a Term A-2 Commitment or holds Term A-2 Loans at such time and (b) at any time thereafter, any Lender that holds Term A-2 Loans at such time. Term A-2 Loan means an advance made by any Term A-2 Lender under the Term A-2 Commitments. Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline means the earliest of (i) the first anniversary of the Closing Date, (ii) the date of the fourth Term A-2 Funding Date (if any) occurring after the Closing Date (after giving effect to the Term A-2 Borrowing made on such date), (iii) the Term A-2 Funding Date on which a Term A-2 Borrowing denominated in an Alternative Currency (if any) is made (after giving effect thereto); and (iii) the date of termination of the commitment of each Term A-2 Lender to make Term A-2 Loans pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 . Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(d) . Term A-2 Note means a promissory note made by the Company in favor of a Term A-2 Lender evidencing Term A-2 Loans made by such Term A-2 Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 . Term Facility means the Term A-1 Facility and/or the Term A-2 Facility, as the context may require, and Term Facilities means a collective reference to the Term A-1 Facility and the Term A-2 Facility. Term SOFR means a forward-looking term rate for SOFR, if any, identified by the SOFR Administrator as reflecting term-based quotations of SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, in each case as published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion, plus the SOFR Adjustment (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period (provided that if the rate is not published prior to 11:00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto), in each case plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period; and 
 
 49 

(b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day; provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of the Loan Documents. 
 Term SOFR Loan mean a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. All Term SOFR Loans shall be denominated in Dollars. Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) . Total Asset Value means, as of the date of calculation, the aggregate, without duplication, of: (i) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land assets and Assets Under Development) owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholders; plus (ii) the Consolidated Group s Pro Rata Share of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land assets and Assets Under Development) owned by Unconsolidated Affiliates, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iv) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (v) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (vi) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any Exchange Fee Titleholder or by any Borrower or any Guarantor through an Unconsolidated Affiliate; plus (vii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of any Borrower s and any Guarantor s investments in First Mortgage Investments (based on current book value), Other Debt Investments (based on current book value), and Exchange Debt Investments (based on current book value) provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (viii) Public REIT stocks and Public REIT Preferred Securities (based on current market value); plus (ix) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of investments in First Mortgage Investments, Other Debt Investments, Exchange Debt Investments, Public REIT Stocks and Public REIT Preferred Securities owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate or any Exchange Fee Titleholder (based on values as defined in (vii) and (viii) above) provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (x) proceeds due from transfer agents; plus (xi) the amount of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds. If the FMV Option for any Exchange Property owned by an Exchange Property Owner has expired, then for purposes of calculating Total Asset Value for such Exchange Property, only the pro rata share of the Property Value for such Exchange Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in such Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) for such Exchange Property shall be counted. 
 50 

Total Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the unused Commitments and Total Outstandings of such Lender at such time. Total Indebtedness shall mean means , as of any date of determination, without duplication, the sum of: (a) all Indebtedness of the Consolidated Group outstanding at such date, determined on a consolidated basis; plus (b) the greater of (i) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of all Indebtedness of each Unconsolidated Affiliate (other than Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate to a member of the Consolidated Group) and (ii) the amount of Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate which is also Recourse Indebtedness of a member of the Consolidated Group. Total Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Loans and all L/C Obligations. Total Revolving Credit Outstandings means the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and all L/C Obligations. Total Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, that portion of Total Indebtedness (excluding (i) the Obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) obligations under Swap Contracts, (iii) completion and similar guarantees with respect to a construction loan facility (except to the extent that any member of the Consolidated Group has a secured recourse obligation with respect to such construction loan facility) and (iv) indemnity obligations relating to performance or surety bonds in the ordinary course of business) which is secured by a Lien on a Property, any ownership interests in any Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate or any other assets which had, in each case, in the aggregate, a value in excess of the amount of the applicable Indebtedness at the time such Indebtedness was incurred. Such Indebtedness that is secured only with a pledge of ownership interests and is also recourse to a Borrower or any Guarantor shall not be treated as Secured Indebtedness. Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value means, as of any date of calculation, the aggregate, without duplication, of: (a) the Property Values of all Unencumbered Properties (other than any that are Assets Under Development); provided that for purposes of calculating the Property Value for (i) any Exchange Property that constitutes an Unencumbered Property, only the pro rata share of the Property Value for such Exchange Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted and (ii) any Unencumbered Property that is owned by a Subsidiary that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by the Company, only the pro rata share of Property Value for such Unencumbered Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of such Subsidiary that is owned by the Company) shall be counted; plus (b) any unrestricted cash; plus (c) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Investment Value of each Unencumbered Property that is an Asset Under Development; plus (d) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the then current book value of each First Mortgage Investment, provided that such First Mortgage Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the mortgagor with respect to such First Mortgage Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (e) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Company s or any Guarantor s investment (based on then current book value) of each Other Debt 
 51 

Investment, provided that such Other Debt Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the borrower with respect to such Other Debt Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (f) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the then current book value of each Exchange Debt Investment, provided that such Exchange Debt Investment is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances and so long as the Exchange Property Investor with respect to such Exchange Debt Investment is not delinquent thirty (30) days or more in any payment of interest or principal payments thereunder; plus (g) the amount of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds resulting from the sale of Unencumbered Properties: provided that no more than thirty-five percent (35 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value may be attributable in the aggregate to, (i) Assets Under Development, (ii) Exchange Properties, (iii) First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments, (iv) Exchange Debt Investments, or (v) Unencumbered Properties (other than Exchange Properties) that are owned by Subsidiaries that are at least 90 but less than 100 owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company with any such Unencumbered Properties that are not 100 owned comprising no more than ten percent (10 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value. Total Unsecured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, that portion of Total Indebtedness which does not constitute Total Secured Indebtedness; provided that for purposes of calculating Total Unsecured Indebtedness, the amount of the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of all Indebtedness of each Unconsolidated Affiliate (other than Indebtedness of such Unconsolidated Affiliate owed to a member of the Consolidated Group) shall be excluded for all purposes of this definition. For the avoidance of doubt, the Obligations under the Loan Documents and currently payable obligations under Swap Contracts shall be included in Total Unsecured Indebtedness, and completion and similar Guarantees shall not be included in Total Unsecured Indebtedness. Tranche means a category of Revolving Credit Commitments and the related extensions of credit thereunder. For purposes hereof, each of the following comprises a separate Tranche: (a) Multicurrency Revolving Commitments and Multicurrency Revolving Tranche Loans, and (b) Dollar Tranche Commitments and Dollar Tranche Revolving Credit Loans. Trust means Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (f/k/a/ Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc. , the general partner of the Company. Type means, with respect to a Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan, a LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan, a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan, an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan. UCP means the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 (or such later version thereof as may be in effect at the applicable time). UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which 
 52 

includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unconsolidated Affiliate means any Person in which the Consolidated Group, directly or indirectly, has any ownership interest of 1,000,000 or more (valued as of the most recent quarterly financial statement), whose financial results are not consolidated under GAAP with the financial results of the Consolidated Group. Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio means, for any period, Total Unsecured Indebtedness to Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value. Unencumbered Property means a Property (other than (a) an Exchange Property except as hereinafter provided and (b) infrastructure assets) that is designated by the Company as an Unencumbered Property and: (i) is completed or, subject to the limitation in the definition of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, is an Asset Under Development; (ii) is located in a state within the United States (or the District of Columbia) or, subject to the limitation set forth in Section 7.09(g)(vii) , in a Non-US Jurisdiction, (iii) is 100 owned in fee simple (or is ground leased pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease or a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement) by the Company, a wholly owned Subsidiary, an Exchange Fee Titleholder, or subject to the limitation set forth in the definition of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, a Subsidiary that is at least 90 owned directly or indirectly by the Company provided no consent from a minority owner is required in order for the Company to cause a sale or refinancing of such Property, and so long as any such Subsidiary (whether or not wholly owned) is a Guarantor (to the extent required by Section 6.13 ); (iv) is not subject to any Liens or encumbrances other than clauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (f), (j), (k) , and (n) of the definition of Permitted Encumbrances or a Lien securing bonds, notes or other obligations issued pursuant to a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; (v) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any such Property or any Equity Interests of any applicable Subsidiary Owner, except for covenants that are not materially more restrictive than the covenants contained in this Agreement, in favor of holders of unsecured Indebtedness of the Company and such Subsidiary Owner not prohibited hereunder; (vi) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which entitles any Person to the benefit of any Lien on such Property or the Equity Interests in any applicable Subsidiary Owner or Exchange Fee Titleholder, or would entitle any Person to the benefit of any Lien on such Property (other than, in each case, the Lien securing repayment of bonds, notes or other obligations issued pursuant to, or fees and expenses of the Tax Incentive Issuer or trustee incurred in connection with, a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction) or such Equity Interest upon the occurrence of any contingency (including, without limitation, pursuant to an equal and ratable clause) other than any agreement entered into in connection with the financing of such Property and the pledge of such Property as security for any financing pending the closing of such financing, provided that such Property shall cease to be an 
 53 

Unencumbered Property upon the closing of such financing; (vii) is not subject to any agreement (including (a) any agreement governing Indebtedness incurred in order to finance or refinance the acquisition of such Property, and (b) if applicable, the organizational documents of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner) which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner or Exchange Fee Titleholder, as the case may be, to make pro rata Restricted Payments to the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner of income arising out of such Property or prevents such Subsidiary Owner from transferring such Property (other than (x) any restriction with respect to a Property imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of such Property pending the closing of such sale or disposition or in connection with a 1031 exchange or any restriction in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction that complies with the condition set forth in clause (viii) of the criteria for such transactions, and (y) any restriction with respect to a Subsidiary Owner that owns such Property imposed pursuant to an agreement entered into for the sale or disposition of all or substantially all the Equity Interests or assets of such Subsidiary Owner pending the closing of such sale or disposition); and (viii) is not the subject of any issues which would materially and adversely impact the operation of such Property. No Property owned by a Subsidiary Owner shall be deemed to be an Unencumbered Property unless (1) both such Property and all Equity Interests of such Subsidiary Owner held directly or indirectly by the Company are not subject to any Lien, except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, including without limitation, in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction, (2) each intervening entity between the entity immediately below AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC (f/k/a DCTRT Real Estate Holdco LLC and such Subsidiary Owner is not a borrower or guarantor of, or otherwise obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness for borrowed money or, if such entity is a borrower or guarantor of, or otherwise is obligated in respect of, any Indebtedness, such Indebtedness is unsecured, and (3) neither such Subsidiary Owner nor any intervening entity between the entity immediately below DCTRT AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC and such Subsidiary Owner is subject to insolvency proceedings, unable to pay debts or subject to any writ or warrant of attachment. A Property that is subject to an option to purchase shall not be disqualified by the requirement in clause (vii) from being an Unencumbered Property so long as the Property can be transferred subject to the rights of the optionee; provided that if the option to purchase is for a fixed price as distinguished from a market price, the Property Value for such Property shall be equal to the lesser of (x) the amount determined in accordance with the definition of Property Value, and (y) the option price for such Property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Exchange Properties that are part of the Exchange Program may be included as Unencumbered Properties during the period of time that the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests are being marketed if all of the requirements set forth in this definition for an Unencumbered Property are met other than (A) the ownership percentage requirement (including without limitation the requirement set forth in clause (iii) of this definition), (B) the requirement that they not be Exchange Properties, (C) any requirement that the owner of such Property become a Subsidiary Guarantor (so long as the applicable Exchange Depositor is a Subsidiary Guarantor), (D) any requirement that the Property not be subject to any agreement which prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or any applicable Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon such Property; provided that (for the avoidance of doubt), with respect to Exchange Properties, the Equity Interests of any applicable Subsidiary Owner shall not be subject to any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of the Company or such Subsidiary Owner, as the case may be, to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien on such Equity Interests, or (E) any requirement set forth in clauses (1), (2) or (3) above, except that for purposes of calculating unencumbered pool financial covenants, only the pro rata share of value 
 54 

and income (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. Nothing herein shall prohibit an Unencumbered Property hereunder from constituting an unencumbered asset in connection with any other Indebtedness; provided that such Indebtedness is otherwise not prohibited pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Unencumbered Property NOI means, with respect to any Unencumbered Property for any period, the Net Operating Income for such Unencumbered Property for such period, less the applicable Capital Expenditure Reserve. For purposes of calculating Unencumbered Property NOI for any Exchange Property that constitutes an Unencumbered Property, only the pro rata share of Unencumbered Property NOI (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in the Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. For purposes of calculating Unencumbered Property NOI for any other Unencumbered Property that is owned by a Subsidiary that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by the Company, only the pro rata share of Unencumbered Property NOI (corresponding to the pro rata share of such Subsidiary that is owned by the Company) shall be counted. United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. Unreimbursed Amount has the meaning specified in Section 2.03(f) . Unrestricted Cash and Cash Equivalents means, in the aggregate, all cash and Cash Equivalents which are not pledged for the benefit of any party (whether a creditor, seller or otherwise) having a claim (whether liquidated or not) against a member of the Consolidated Group, to be valued for purposes of this Agreement at 100 of its then-current book value, as determined under GAAP. Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio means (i) Unencumbered Property NOI for all Unencumbered Properties plus interest income from unencumbered First Mortgage Investments and Exchange Debt Investments, divided by (ii) Unsecured Interest Expense in each case for the most recent quarter annualized. Unsecured Interest Expense means, for any period without duplication, the amount of interest (without duplication, whether accrued, paid or capitalized) on Total Unsecured Indebtedness, but excluding amortized financial related expenses. Unused Fee Rate means (i) with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility (a) a percentage per annum equal to twenty basis points (0.20 if the weighted average Total Revolving Credit Outstandings during the applicable quarter based on the daily Revolving Credit Outstandings during such quarter are less than fifty percent (50 of the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) a percentage per annum equal to fifteen basis points (0.15 if the weighted average Total Revolving Credit Outstandings during the applicable quarter based on the daily Revolving Credit Outstandings during such quarter are equal to or greater than fifty percent (50.0 of the Revolving Credit Facility, and (ii) with respect to each Term Facility a percentage equal to twenty basis points (0.20 per annum. 
 55 

U.S. Borrower means any Borrower that is organized under the laws of any state within the United States or the District of Columbia. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Business Day, except any Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a) (30) of the Code. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning specified in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(B)(III) . Withholding Agent means the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document:
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan 

 56 

Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) unless the context otherwise requires, the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, and (vii) the word owned when used with respect to a Property, shall include ownership of a leasehold estate pursuant to a Financeable Ground Lease.
 (b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 
 (c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
 
 (d) Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a Division as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any Division Successor shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each Division of any Person that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity).
 1.03 Accounting Terms . (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded.
 (b) Changes in GAAP . If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Company or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP (subject to the reasonable approval of the Required Lenders if such change would have a material effect on the computation of any financial ratio or requirement); provided that, until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be 

 57 

computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made immediately before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP.
 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Trust, the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Trust or the Company, as applicable, is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein.
 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Company pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number).
 
 1.05 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable).
 
 1.06 Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time; provided, however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any Issuer Document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the Dollar Equivalent of the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time.
 1.07 Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent and Lenders do not warrant, or accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to the rates in the definition of Eurodollar Rate , LIBOR Daily Floating Rate , Alternative Currency Daily Rate , Alternative Currency Term Rate any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement or Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or any Conforming Changes or with respect . The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any comparable or alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto, other than liability to the Company for gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent 

 58 

jurisdiction in a final non-appealable order (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrowers. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service . 
 1.08 Exchange Rates; Currency Equivalents . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable, shall determine the Dollar Equivalent amounts of Credit Extensions and Outstanding Amounts denominated in Alternative Currencies on each Revaluation Date. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of such Revaluation Date and shall be the Dollar Equivalent of such amounts until the next Revaluation Date to occur. Except for purposes of financial statements delivered by Loan Parties hereunder or calculating financial covenants hereunder (which shall be, unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Company, based on currency conversions used for the Company s or the Trust s, as applicable, GAAP reporting) or except as otherwise provided in the Loan Documents, the applicable amount of any currency (other than Dollars) for purposes of the Loan Documents shall be such Dollar Equivalent amount as so determined by the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer, as applicable.
 (b) Wherever in this Agreement in connection with a Borrowing, conversion, continuation or prepayment of an Alternative Currency Loan or the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Borrowing, Loan or Letter of Credit is denominated in an Alternative Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Alternative Currency Equivalent of such Dollar amount (rounded to the nearest unit of such Alternative Currency, with 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward), as determined by the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer, as the case may be. 
 1.09 Additional Alternative Currencies . (a) The Company may from time to time request that Multicurrency Tranche Loans be made and/or Letters of Credit be issued in a currency other than those specifically listed in the definition of Alternative Currency provided that such requested currency is an Eligible Currency. In the case of any such request with respect to the making of Multicurrency Tranche Loans, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and each Multicurrency Tranche Lender; and in the case of any such request with respect to the issuance of Letters of Credit, such request shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer issuing such Letters of Credit.
 
 59 

(b) Any such request shall be made to the Administrative Agent not later than 11:00 a.m., twenty (20) Business Days prior to the date of the desired Credit Extension (or such other time or date as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent and, in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the applicable L/C Issuer, in its or their sole discretion). In the case of any such request pertaining to Multicurrency Tranche Loans, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Multicurrency Tranche Lender thereof; and in the case of any such request pertaining to Letters of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the L/C Issuers thereof. Each Multicurrency Tranche Lender (in the case of any such request pertaining to Multicurrency Tranche Loans) or the applicable L/C Issuer (in the case of a request pertaining to Letters of Credit) shall notify the Administrative Agent, not later than 11:00 a.m., ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request whether it consents, in its sole discretion, to the making of Multicurrency Tranche Loans or the issuance of Letters of Credit, as the case may be, in such requested currency.
 
 (c) Any failure by a Multicurrency Tranche Lender or an L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to respond to such request within the time period specified in the preceding sentence shall be deemed to be a refusal by such Multicurrency Tranche Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to permit Multicurrency Tranche Loans to be made or Letters of Credit to be issued in such requested currency. If the Administrative Agent and all the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders consent to making Multicurrency Tranche Loans in such requested currency and the Administrative Agent and such Multicurrency Tranche Lenders reasonably determine that an appropriate interest rate is available to be used for such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and (i) the Administrative Agent and the Multicurrency Tranche Lenders may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and (ii) to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency for purposes of any Borrowings of Multicurrency Tranche Loans. If the Administrative Agent and any L/C Issuer (s) consent to the issuance of Letters of Credit in such requested currency, the Administrative Agent shall so notify the Company and iii i the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer (s) may amend the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate to the extent necessary to add the applicable rate for such currency and any applicable adjustment for such rate and iv ii to the extent the definition of Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, and the definition of Relevant Rate has been amended to reflect the appropriate rate for such currency, such currency shall thereupon be deemed for all purposes to be an Alternative Currency, for purposes of any Letter of Credit issuances by such L/C Issuer(s) . If the Administrative Agent shall fail to obtain consent to any request for an additional currency under this Section 1.09 , the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Company.
 1.10 Change of Currency . (a) Each obligation of the Borrowers to make a payment denominated in the national currency unit of any member state of the European Union that adopts the Euro as its lawful 

 60 

currency after the date hereof shall be redenominated into Euro at the time of such adoption. If, in relation to the currency of any such member state, the basis of accrual of interest expressed in this Agreement in respect of that currency shall be inconsistent with any convention or practice in the interbank market for the basis of accrual of interest in respect of the Euro, such expressed basis shall be replaced by such convention or practice with effect from the date on which such member state adopts the Euro as its lawful currency; provided that, if any Borrowing in the currency of such member state is outstanding immediately prior to such date, such replacement shall take effect, with respect to such Borrowing, at the end of the then current Interest Period.
 
 (b) Each provision of this Agreement shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the Euro by any member state of the European Union and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the Euro.
 
 (c) Each provision of this Agreement also shall be subject to such reasonable changes of construction as the Administrative Agent may from time to time specify to be appropriate to reflect a change in currency of any other country and any relevant market conventions or practices relating to the change in currency.
 ARTICLE II. THE COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT EXTENSIONS 2.01 The Loans . (a) The Term A-1 Borrowing . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term A-1 Lender severally agrees to make a Term A-1 Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars and up to four (4) additional Term A-1 Loans, in the aggregate, in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in an Alternative Currency to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time on any Business Day thereafter (each such Business Day after the Closing Date, a Term A-1 Funding Date prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment. All unfunded Term A-1 Commitments shall expire on the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline. Each Term A-1 Borrowing on the Closing Date and on each Term A-1 Funding Date shall consist of Term A-1 Loans made simultaneously by the Term A-1 Lenders in the same currency in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the Term A-1 Facility at such time. Amounts may only be drawn under this Section 2.01(a) on or before the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(a) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A-1 Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans as further provided herein. For the avoidance of doubt, a conversion of a Term A-1 

 61 

Loan from one Type to another or a continuation of a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan will not constitute an additional Term A-1 Loan for the purpose of the first sentence of this Section 2.01(a)(i) . A principal amount equal to 325,000,000 of the Existing Term Loans outstanding as of the Closing Date shall be deemed to have been funded pursuant hereto, and part of the Term A-1 Borrowing made on the Closing Date and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof.
 (ii) If a Term A-1 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans is requested, then on such Term A-1 Funding Date each Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment and the Term A-1 Facility shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent into tranches to reflect the Term A-1 Loans made by such Term A-1 Lender in each currency and the Administrative Agent shall restate Schedule 2.01A to reflect the Term A-1 Facility as so tranched (which restated schedule the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Company). The Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to reflect any tranching of the Term A-1 Facility as contemplated above.
 
 (b) The Term A-2 Borrowing . 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term A-2 Lender severally agrees to make a Term A-2 Loan to the Company on the Closing Date in Dollars and up to four (4) additional Term A-2 Loans, in the aggregate, in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in an Alternative Currency to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time on any Business Day thereafter (each such Business Day after the Closing Date, a Term A-2 Funding Date prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed such Term A-2 Lender s Term A-2 Commitment. All unfunded Term A-2 Commitments shall expire on the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline. Each Term A-2 Borrowing on the Closing Date and on each Term A-2 Funding Date shall consist of Term A-2 Loans made simultaneously by the Term A-2 Lenders in the same currency in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentage of the Term A-2 Facility at such time. Amounts may only be drawn under this Section 2.01(b) on or before the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline. Amounts borrowed under this Section 2.01(b) and repaid or prepaid may not be reborrowed. Term A-2 Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans as further provided herein. For the avoidance of doubt, a conversion of a Term A-2 Loan from one Type to another or a continuation of a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan will not constitute an additional Term A-2 Loan for the purpose of the first sentence of this Section 2.01(b)(i) .
 (ii) If a Term A-2 Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans is requested, then on such Term A-2 Funding Date each Term A-1 Lender s Term A-1 Commitment and the Term A-2 Facility shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent into tranches to reflect the Term A-2 Loans made by such Term A-2 Lender in each currency and the Administrative Agent shall restate Schedule 2.01A to reflect the Term A-2 Facility as so 

 62 

tranched (which restated schedule the Administrative Agent will make available to the Lenders and the Company). The Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Company, to reflect any tranching of the Term A-2 Facility as contemplated above.
 (c) The Revolving Credit Borrowings . (i) Dollar Tranche Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a Dollar Tranche Loan in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment; provided, however , that, after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans, plus the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, 
 (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time shall not exceed the such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment. 
 (ii) Multicurrency Tranche Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Revolving Credit Lender severally agrees to make revolving loans (each such loan, a Multicurrency Tranche Loan in Dollars to the Company (or any other U.S. Borrower as specified by the Company) or in one or more Alternative Currencies to the Company (or any other Borrower as specified by the Company) from time to time, on any Business Day during the Availability Period in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility, in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the amount of such Lender s Multicurrency Tranche Commitment; provided, however , that, after giving effect to any Revolving Credit Borrowing of Multicurrency Tranche Loans, (i) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (ii) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Multicurrency Tranche Loans shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Multicurrency Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed such Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and (iv) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies shall not exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit.
 (iii) General . Within the limits of each Revolving Credit Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment, and subject to the other terms and conditions hereof, the Borrowers may borrow under this Section 2.01(c) , prepay under Section 2.05 , and reborrow under this Section 2.01(c) . Revolving Credit Loans may be Base Rate Loans, Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans, Alternative Currency Daily Rate 

 63 

Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as further provided herein. All Existing Revolving Credit Loans shall be deemed to have been funded pursuant hereto, and from and after the Closing Date shall be subject to and governed by the terms and conditions hereof. 
 2.02 Borrowings, Conversions and Continuations of Loans . (a) Each Term A-1 Borrowing, each Term A-2 Borrowing, each Revolving Credit Borrowing, each conversion of Term Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, and each continuation of a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall be made upon the Company s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (i) three Business Days prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or of any conversion of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans, (ii) three Business Days (or five Business Days in the case of a Special Notice Currency) prior to the requested date of any Borrowing of Alternative Currency Loans or any continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, and (iii) on the requested date of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans and for any conversion of Base Rate Loans to LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans or of LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans. Each Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans other than Base Rate Loans and LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof. Except as provided in Sections Section 2.03 (c) and 2.04 (c) , each Borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 500,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof provided that the amount of a Base Rate Loan or a LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan may be in an amount equal to the entire unpaid balance of the Commitments or the amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of an L/C Borrowing. Each Committed Loan Notice shall specify (i) whether the applicable Borrower is requesting a Term A-1 Borrowing, a Term A-2 Borrowing, a Revolving Credit Borrowing, a conversion of Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the currency and principal amount of Loans to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Term A-1 Loans, Term A- 2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans are to be converted, (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto, (vi) if applicable, the Tranche with respect thereto, and (vi) if applicable, the Designated Borrower. If the Company fails to specify a currency in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be made in Dollars. If the Company fails to specify a Tranche in a Committed Loan Notice requesting a Revolving Credit Borrowing, then the Loans so requested shall be made as Dollar Tranche Loans if the request specifies Dollars (or does not specify a currency) and as Multicurrency Tranche Loans if the request specifies an Alternative Currency or if no unused Dollar Tranche Commitment exists. If 

 64 

the Company fails to specify a Type of Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Company fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans having an Interest Period of one (1) month; provided , however , that (x) if any such Committed Loan Notice requesting a Borrowing specifies an Alternative Currency, such Loans shall be made as Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans or as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans having an Interest Period of one (1) month, as applicable, in the requested currency and (y) in the case of a failure to timely request a continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, such Loans shall be continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in their original currency with an Interest Period of one (1) month. Any such automatic conversion to Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month or continuation as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable. If the Company requests a Borrowing of, conversion to, or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. Except as provided pursuant to Section 2.02(c) , 2.12(a) and 3.03 , no Loan may be converted into or continued as a Loan denominated in a different currency or in a different Tranche, but instead must be repaid in the original currency of such Loan and reborrowed in the other currency or reborrowed in a different Tranche.
 (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount and currency of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans or Revolving Credit Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Company, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month or continuation of Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans described in the preceding subsection. In the case of a Term A-1 Borrowing, a Term A-2 Borrowing or a Revolving Credit Borrowing, each Appropriate Lender shall make the amount of its Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office for the applicable currency not later than 2:00 p.m. in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, and not later than the Applicable Time in the case of Alternative Currency Loans, in each case, on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction in all material respects of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (and, if such Borrowing is the initial Credit Extension, Section 4.01 ), the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received promptly available to the applicable Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of such Borrower on the books of Bank of America with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Company or such Borrower; provided, however , that if, on the date the Committed Loan Notice with respect to a Revolving Credit Borrowing denominated in Dollars is given by the Company, there are L/C Borrowings outstanding, then the proceeds of such Revolving Credit Borrowing, first , shall be applied to the payment in full of any such L/C Borrowings, and second , shall be made available to such Borrower as provided above.
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan may be continued or converted, and an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan may be continued, only on 

 65 

the last day of an Interest Period for such Loan. During the existence of an Event of Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders and no Loans may be requested as Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loans, or requested as or continued as Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, if the Administrative Agent has notified the Company that the Required Lenders have determined that such a request or continuation is not appropriate, and the Required Lenders may require that any or all of the affected outstanding Alternative Currency Loans be prepaid, or be converted into a Borrowing of LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan.
 (d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans upon determination of such interest rate.
 
 (e) After giving effect to (i) all Term A-1 Borrowings, all conversions of Term A-1 Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Term A-1 Loans as the same Type, (ii) all Term A-2 Borrowings, all conversions of Term A-2 Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Term A-2 Loans as the same Type and (iii) all Revolving Credit Borrowings, all conversions of Revolving Credit Loans from one Type to another, and all continuations of Revolving Credit Loans as the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to the Term Facilities and the Revolving Credit Facility.
 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all of the portion of its Loans in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and such Lender.
 
 (g) With respect to any Benchmark Replacement, of SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate or , any Alternative Currency Term Rate , any Relevant Rate or any Successor Rate , the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Conforming Changes , as applicable, from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective.
 2.03 Letters of Credit . 
 66 

(a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, in addition to the Loans provided for in Section 2.01 , the Company may request any L/C Issuer, in reliance on the agreements of the Dollar Tranche Lenders set forth in this Section 2.03 , to issue, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period, and such L/C Issuer agrees to issue, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars or an Alternative Currency for the Company s own account or the account of any of its Subsidiaries in such form as is acceptable to the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer in its reasonable determination. Letters of Credit issued hereunder shall constitute utilization of the Revolving Credit Commitments and the Dollar Tranche Commitments.
 (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Extension, Reinstatement or Renewal . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment of the terms and conditions, extension of the terms and conditions, extension of the expiration date, or reinstatement of amounts paid, or renewal of an outstanding Letter of Credit), subject to the next sentence of this Section 2.03(b) , the Company shall deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the applicable L/C Issuer) to an L/C Issuer selected by it and to the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. at least two Business Days (or such later date and time as the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the proposed issuance date or date of amendment, as the case may be, a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, extended, reinstated or renewed, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (d) of this Section 2.03 ), the currency and amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, the purpose and nature of the requested Letter of Credit and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, extend, reinstate or renew such Letter of Credit. All requests for Letters of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency shall, in the first instance, be directed to Bank of America in its capacity as an L/C Issuer, and, if Bank of America declines to issue a Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency (or fails to issue such Letter of Credit within five Business Days of any request therefor), the Company may then deliver a request for such Letter of Credit denominated in an Alternative Currency to another L/C Issuer; provided further that there shall not be more than two L/C Issuers, in addition to Bank of America, with Letters of Credit outstanding in an Alternative Currency at any time. If requested by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement on such L/C Issuer s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application and reimbursement agreement or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, an L/C Issuer relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control.
 If the Company so requests in any applicable Letter of Credit Application (or the amendment of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the applicable L/C Issuer may, in its sole discretion, agree to issue a Letter of Credit that has automatic extension provisions (each, an Auto- Extension Letter of Credit provided that any such Auto-Extension Letter of Credit shall permit such L/C Issuer to prevent any such extension at least once in each twelve-month period (commencing with the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit) by giving prior notice to the beneficiary thereof not 
 67 

later than a day (the Non-Extension Notice Date in each such twelve-month period to be agreed upon by the Company and the applicable L/C Issuer at the time such Letter of Credit is issued. Unless otherwise directed by the applicable L/C Issuer, the Company shall not be required to make a specific request to such L/C Issuer for any such extension. Once an Auto-Extension Letter of Credit has been issued, the Dollar Tranche Lenders shall be deemed to have authorized (but may not require) the applicable L/C Issuer to permit the extension of such Letter of Credit at any time to an expiration date not later than the date permitted pursuant to Section 2.03(d) ; provided , that such L/C Issuer shall not (i) permit any such extension if (A) such L/C Issuer has determined that it would not be permitted, or would have no obligation, at such time to issue such Letter of Credit in its extended form under the terms hereof (except that the expiration date may be extended to a date that is no more than one year from the then-current expiration date), or (B) it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent that the Required Tranche Lenders have elected not to permit such extension or (ii) be obligated to permit such extension if it has received notice (which may be in writing or by telephone (if promptly confirmed in writing)) on or before the day that is seven Business Days before the Non-Extension Notice Date from the Administrative Agent, any Dollar Tranche Lender or any Borrower that one or more of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 is not then satisfied, and in each such case directing such L/C Issuer not to permit such extension. 
 (c) Limitations on Amounts, Issuance and Amendment . A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, extended, reinstated or renewed only if (and upon issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal (i) the aggregate amount of the outstanding Letters of Credit issued by any L/C Issuer shall not exceed its L/C Commitment; provided that, subject to the limitations set forth in this Section 2.03(c) , any L/C Issuer in its sole discretion may issue Letters of Credit in excess of such L/C Issuer s L/C Commitment, (ii) the aggregate L/C Obligations shall not exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, (iii) the Revolving Credit Exposure of any Lender shall not exceed its Revolving Credit Commitment, (iv) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (v) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Dollar Tranche Loans, plus the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Dollar Tranche Commitments of all Lenders, and (vi) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time shall not exceed such Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment.
 (i) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to issue any Letter of Credit if: 
 (A) any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain such L/C Issuer from issuing the Letter of Credit, or any Law applicable to such L/C Issuer or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such L/C Issuer shall prohibit, or request that such L/C Issuer refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or the Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer with respect to the Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such L/C Issuer is not 

 68 

otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Closing Date, or shall impose upon such L/C Issuer any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Closing Date and which such L/C Issuer in good faith deems material to it;
 (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such L/C Issuer applicable to letters of credit generally;
 (C) except as otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and such L/C Issuer, the Letter of Credit is in an initial stated amount less than 500,000;
 (D) any Revolving Credit Lender is at that time a Defaulting Lender, unless such L/C Issuer has entered into arrangements, including the delivery of Cash Collateral, satisfactory to such L/C Issuer (in its sole discretion) with the Company or such Lender to eliminate such L/C Issuer s actual or potential Fronting Exposure (after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv )) with respect to the Defaulting Lender arising from either the Letter of Credit then proposed to be issued or that Letter of Credit and all other L/C Obligations as to which such L/C Issuer has actual or potential Fronting Exposure, as it may elect in its sole discretion; or
 
 (E) the Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder.
 
 (ii) No L/C Issuer shall be under any obligation to amend any Letter of Credit if (A) such L/C Issuer would have no obligation at such time to issue the Letter of Credit in its amended form under the terms hereof, or (B) the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit does not accept the proposed amendment to the Letter of Credit.
 (d) Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall have a stated expiration date no later than the earlier of (i) the date twelve months after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any extension of the expiration date thereof, whether automatic or by amendment, twelve months after the then-current expiration date of such Letter of Credit) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date.
 
 (e) Participations . 
 (i) By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount or extending the expiration date thereof), and without any further action on the part of the applicable L/C Issuer or the Dollar Tranche Lenders, such L/C Issuer hereby grants to each Dollar Tranche Lender, and each Dollar Tranche Lender hereby acquires from such L/C Issuer, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. Each Dollar Tranche Lender 
 69 

acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph Section 2.03 (e) (i) in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments. 
 (ii) In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Dollar Tranche Lender hereby absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent in Dollars , for account of the applicable L/C Issuer, such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of each L/C Disbursement made by an L/C Issuer (expressed in Dollars in the amount of the Dollar Equivalent thereof) not later than 1:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the notice provided by the Administrative Agent to the Dollar Tranche Lenders pursuant to Section 2.03(f) until such L/C Disbursement is reimbursed by the applicable Borrower or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to such Borrower for any reason, including after the Maturity Date. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each such payment shall be made in the same manner as provided in Section 2.02 with respect to Revolving Credit Loans made by such Dollar Tranche Lender (and Section 2.02 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Dollar Tranche Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable L/C Issuer the amounts so received by it from the Dollar Tranche Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the applicable Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03(f) , the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable L/C Issuer or, to the extent that the Dollar Tranche Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such L/C Issuer, then to such Dollar Tranche Lenders and such L/C Issuer as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Dollar Tranche Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an L/C Issuer for any L/C Disbursement shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the applicable Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Disbursement.
 Each Dollar Tranche Lender further acknowledges and agrees that its participation in each Letter of Credit will be automatically adjusted to reflect such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit at each time such Dollar Tranche Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment is amended pursuant to the operation of Section 2.14 or 2.15 , as a result of an assignment in accordance with Section 10.06 or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (iii) If any Dollar Tranche Lender fails to make available to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuer any amount required to be paid by such Dollar Tranche Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.03(e) , then, without limiting the other provisions of this Agreement, the applicable L/C Issuer shall be entitled to recover from such Dollar Tranche Lender (acting through the Administrative Agent), on demand, such amount with interest thereon for the period from the date such payment is required to the date on which such payment is immediately available to such L/C Issuer at a rate per annum equal to the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the applicable L/C Issuer in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily 

 70 

charged by such L/C Issuer in connection with the foregoing. If such Dollar Tranche Lender pays such amount (with interest and fees as aforesaid), the amount so paid (other than such fees and any interest in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such borrowing) shall constitute such Dollar Tranche Lender s Revolving Credit Loan included in the relevant Revolving Credit Borrowing or L/C Advance in respect of the relevant L/C Borrowing, as the case may be. A certificate of any L/C Issuer submitted to any Dollar Tranche Lender (through the Administrative Agent) with respect to any amounts owing under this clause (vi Section 2.03(e)(iii shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error.
 (f) Reimbursement . If an L/C Issuer shall make any L/C Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrowers shall reimburse such L/C Issuer in respect of such L/C Disbursement in the currency in which such L/C Disbursement was made (or, if requested by such L/C Issuer, in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C Disbursement) by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such L/C Disbursement not later than 1:00 p.m. on (i) the Business Day that the Company receives notice of such L/C Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m. or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time, provided that, if such L/C Disbursement is not less than 1,000,000, the Borrowers may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.02 or Section 2.04 that such payment be financed with a Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans that are Base Rate Loans in an equivalent the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such L/C Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Borrowers obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Borrowing of Base Rate Loans. If the Borrowers fail to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Dollar Tranche Lender of the Dollar Equivalent of the applicable L/C Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrowers in respect thereof (the Unreimbursed Amount and such Dollar Tranche Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. In such event, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested a Revolving Credit Borrowing of Dollar Tranche Loans that are Base Rate Loans to be disbursed on the date of payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the Unreimbursed Amount, without regard to the minimum and multiples specified in Section 2.02 for the principal amount of Base Rate Loans, but subject to the amount of the unutilized portion of the Dollar Tranche Commitments and the Revolving Credit Facility and the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 (other than the delivery of a Committed Loan Notice). Any notice given by any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 2.03(f) may be given by telephone if immediately confirmed in writing; provided that the lack of such an immediate confirmation shall not affect the conclusiveness or binding effect of such notice.
 
 (g) Obligations Absolute . The Borrowers obligation to reimburse L/C Disbursements as provided in paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of:
 (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision herein or therein;
 
 71 

(ii) the existence of any claim, counterclaim, setoff, defense or other right that any Borrower or any Subsidiary may have at any time against any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit (or any Person for whom any such beneficiary or any such transferee may be acting), any L/C Issuer (other than the defense that all amounts required to reimburse the L/C Issuer have already been paid) or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby or by such Letter of Credit or any agreement or instrument relating thereto, or any unrelated transaction;
 
 (iii) any draft, demand, certificate or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent, invalid or insufficient in any respect or any statement in such draft or other document being untrue or inaccurate in any respect; or any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under such Letter of Credit;
 (iv) waiver by any L/C Issuer of any requirement that exists for such L/C Issuer s protection and not the protection of any Borrower or any waiver by such L/C Issuer which does not in fact materially prejudice any Borrower;
 (v) honor of a demand for payment presented electronically even if such Letter of Credit required that demand be in the form of a draft;
 (vi) any payment made by any L/C Issuer in respect of an otherwise complying item presented after the date specified as the expiration date of, or the date by which documents must be received under such Letter of Credit if presentation after such date is authorized by the UCC, the ISP or the UCP, as applicable;
 (vii) payment by the applicable L/C Issuer under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply strictly with the terms of such Letter of Credit; or any payment made by any L/C Issuer under such Letter of Credit to any Person purporting to be a trustee in bankruptcy, debtor-in-possession, assignee for the benefit of creditors, liquidator, receiver or other representative of or successor to any beneficiary or any transferee of such Letter of Credit, including any arising in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law;
 
 (viii) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03 , constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, any Borrower s obligations hereunder; or
 
 (ix) any adverse change in the relevant exchange rates or in the availability of the relevant Alternative Currency to the Borrowers or any Subsidiary or in the relevant currency markets generally.
 
 72 

The Company shall promptly examine a copy of each Letter of Credit and each amendment thereto that is delivered to it and, in the event of any claim of noncompliance with the Company s instructions or other irregularity, the Company will promptly notify the applicable L/C Issuer. The Company shall be conclusively deemed to have waived any such claim against each L/C Issuer and its correspondents unless such notice is given as aforesaid. None of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit by the applicable L/C Issuer or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms, any error in translation or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the applicable L/C Issuer; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse an L/C Issuer from liability to the Borrowers to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by each Borrower to the extent permitted by Applicable Law) suffered by any Borrower that are caused by such L/C Issuer s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of an L/C Issuer (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), an L/C Issuer shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination, and that: (i) an L/C Issuer may replace a purportedly lost, stolen, or destroyed original Letter of Credit or missing amendment thereto with a certified true copy marked as such or waive a requirement for its presentation;
 (ii) an L/C Issuer may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and without regard to any non- documentary condition in such Letter of Credit;
 
 (iii) an L/C Issuer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit; and
 
 (iv) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by an L/C Issuer when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing).
 
 73 

Without limiting the foregoing, none of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, any L/C Issuer, or any of their Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of (i) any presentation that includes forged or fraudulent documents or that is otherwise affected by the fraudulent, bad faith, or illegal conduct of the beneficiary or other Person, (ii) an L/C Issuer declining to take-up documents and make payment (A) against documents that are fraudulent, forged, or for other reasons by which that it is entitled not to honor or (B) following the Company s waiver of discrepancies with respect to such documents or request for honor of such documents or (iii) an L/C Issuer retaining proceeds of a Letter of Credit based on an apparently applicable attachment order, blocking regulation, or third-party claim notified to such L/C Issuer. 
 (h) Applicability of ISP and UCP; Limitation of Liability . Unless otherwise expressly agreed by the applicable L/C Issuer and the Company when a Letter of Credit is issued by it (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), the rules of the ISP shall apply to each Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no L/C Issuer shall be responsible to any Borrower for, and no L/C Issuer s rights and remedies against any Borrower shall be impaired by, any action or inaction of any L/C Issuer required or permitted under any law, order, or practice that is required or permitted to be applied to any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, including the Law or any order of a jurisdiction where any L/C Issuer or the beneficiary is located, the practice stated in the ISP or UCP, as applicable, or in the decisions, opinions, practice statements, or official commentary of the ICC Banking Commission, the Bankers Association for Finance and Trade - International Financial Services Association (BAFT-IFSA), or the Institute of International Banking Law Practice, whether or not any Letter of Credit chooses such law or practice. 
 (i) Each L/C Issuer shall act on behalf of the Lenders with respect to any Letters of Credit issued by it and the documents associated therewith, and each L/C Issuer shall have all of the benefits and immunities (A) provided to the Administrative Agent in Article IX with respect to any acts taken or omissions suffered by such L/C Issuer in connection with Letters of Credit issued by it or proposed to be issued by it and Issuer Documents pertaining to such Letters of Credit as fully as if the term Administrative Agent as used in Article IX included such L/C Issuer with respect to such acts or omissions, and (B) as additionally provided herein with respect to such L/C Issuer.
 (j) Letter of Credit Fees . The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Dollar Tranche Lender in accordance, subject to Section 2.17 , with its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee for each Letter of Credit equal to the Applicable Rate times the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. For purposes of computing the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . Letter of Credit Fees shall be (i) due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and thereafter on demand and (ii) computed on a quarterly basis in arrears. If there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the daily amount available to be drawn under each Letter of Credit shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon the request of the Required Tranche Lenders, while any Event of 

 74 

Default exists, all Letter of Credit Fees shall accrue at the Default Rate.
 
 (k) Fronting Fee and Documentary and Processing Charges Payable to L/C Issuers . The Borrowers shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account a fronting fee with respect to each Letter of Credit, at the rate per annum equal to the percentage separately agreed upon between the Company and such L/C Issuer, computed on the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit on a quarterly basis in arrears Such fronting fee shall be due and payable on the first Business Day after the end of each March, June, September and December in respect of the most recently-ended quarterly period (or portion thereof, in the case of the first payment), commencing with the first such date to occur after the issuance of such Letter of Credit, on the Maturity Date and thereafter on demand. For purposes of computing the Dollar Equivalent of the daily amount available to be drawn under any Letter of Credit, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be determined in accordance with Section 1.06 . In addition, the Borrowers shall pay directly to the applicable L/C Issuer for its own account, in Dollars, the reasonable and customary issuance, presentation, amendment and other processing fees, and other standard costs and charges, of such L/C Issuer relating to letters of credit as from time to time in effect. Such reasonable and customary fees and standard costs and charges are due and payable on demand and are nonrefundable.
 (l) Disbursement Procedures . The L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall, within the time allowed by Applicable Laws or the specific terms of the Letter of Credit following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Letter of Credit. Such L/C Issuer shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Company in writing of such demand for payment if such L/C Issuer has made or will make an L/C Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve any Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such L/C Issuer and the Dollar Tranche Lenders with respect to any such L/C Disbursement.
 (m) Interim Interest . If the L/C Issuer for any Letter of Credit shall make any L/C Disbursement, then, unless the Borrowers shall reimburse such L/C Disbursement in full on the date such L/C Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such L/C Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrowers reimburse such L/C Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to Base Rate Loans; provided that if the Borrowers fail to reimburse such L/C Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 , then Section 2.08(b) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph (m) shall be for account of such L/C Issuer, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (f) of this Section 2.03 to reimburse such L/C Issuer shall be for account of such Lender to the extent of such payment.
 (n) Replacement of any L/C Issuer . Any L/C Issuer may be replaced at any time by written agreement between the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced L/C Issuer and the successor L/C Issuer. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an L/C Issuer. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrowers shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 2.03(j) . From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor L/C Issuer shall have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect 

 75 

to Letters of Credit to be issued by it thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term L/C Issuer shall be deemed to include such successor or any previous L/C Issuer, or such successor and all previous L/C Issuer, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an L/C Issuer hereunder, the replaced L/C Issuer shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an L/C Issuer under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit.
 
 (o) Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Tranche Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with L/C Obligations representing at least 66-2/3 of the total L/C Obligations) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph (o) , the Borrowers shall immediately deposit into an account established and maintained on the books and records of the Administrative Agent (the Cash Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of the total L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon, provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to any Borrower described in clause (f) of Section 8.01 . Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. In addition, and without limiting the foregoing or paragraph (d) of this Section 2.03 , if any L/C Obligations remain outstanding after the expiration date specified in said paragraph (d) , the Borrowers shall immediately deposit into the Cash Collateral Account an amount in cash equal to 105 of such L/C Obligations as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon.
 The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over the Cash Collateral Account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrowers risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in the Cash Collateral Account. Moneys in the Cash Collateral Account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse each L/C Issuer for L/C Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed, together with related fees, costs, and customary processing charges, and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers for the L/C Obligations at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with L/C Obligations representing 66-2/3 of the total L/C Obligations), be applied to satisfy other obligations of the Borrowers under this Agreement. If the Borrowers are required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrowers within three Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. (p) Additional L/C Issuers . Any Lender hereunder may become an L/C Issuer upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of a fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer which shall be signed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer. Such new L/C Issuer shall provide its L/C Commitment in such Notice of Additional L/C Issuer and upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of the fully executed Notice of Additional L/C Issuer, the defined term L/C Commitment shall be deemed amended to incorporate the L/C Commitment of such new L/C Issuer.

 76 

(q) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . Notwithstanding that a Letter of Credit issued or outstanding hereunder is in support of any obligations of, or is for the account of, a Subsidiary, the Borrowers shall be obligated to reimburse, indemnify and compensate the applicable L/C Issuer hereunder for any and all drawings under such Letter of Credit as if such Letter of Credit had been issued solely for the account of a Borrower. Each Borrower irrevocably waives any and all defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of any or all of the obligations of such Subsidiary in respect of such Letter of Credit. Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of Subsidiaries inures to the benefit of such Borrower, and that such Borrower s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiaries.
 
 (r) L/C Issuer Reporting Requirements . Each L/C Issuer shall, no later than the fifth (5 th Business Day following the last day of each month, provide to the Administrative Agent a schedule of the Letters of Credit issued by it, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, showing the date of issuance of each Letter of Credit, the account party, the original face amount (if any), the expiration date, and the reference number of any Letter of Credit outstanding at any time during such month, and showing the aggregate amount (if any) payable by the Borrowers to such L/C Issuer during such month pursuant to Section 2.03(j) . Promptly after the receipt of such schedule from each L/C Issuer, Administrative Agent shall provide to the Lenders and the Company a summary of such schedules.
 
 (s) Conflict with Issuer Documents . In the event of any conflict between the terms hereof and the terms of any Issuer Document, the terms hereof shall control.
 2.04 [Intentionally Omitted] . 2.05 Prepayments . (a) The Borrowers may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than (A) 11:00 a.m. on the date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, (B) 11:00 a.m. four Business Days (or five, in the case of prepayment of Loans denominated in Special Notice Currencies) prior to any date of prepayment of any Alternative Currency Loans, and (C) 1:00 p.m. on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Loans and LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans shall be in a principal amount of the Dollar Equivalent of 
 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of the Dollar Equivalent of 100,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date, currency and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Loans, the Facility and if applicable, the Tranche, to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative 
 77 

Currency Term Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Appropriate Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s ratable portion of such prepayment (based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility). If such notice is given by a Borrower, such Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein. Any prepayment of any Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with, in the case of any Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan and any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.17 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages in respect of each of the relevant Facilities. 
 (b) If for any reason the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings at any time exceed the Revolving Credit Facility at such time, then the Borrowers shall immediately prepay the Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than the L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount equal to such excess; provided, however , that the Borrowers shall not be required to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations pursuant to this Section 2.05(b) unless after the prepayment in full of the Revolving Credit Loans the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings exceed the Revolving Credit Facility at such time.
 
 (c) If the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies at such time exceeds an amount equal to 105 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect, then, within five (5) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Borrowers shall prepay the Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Borrowings and/or Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (other than the L/C Borrowings) in an aggregate amount sufficient to reduce such Outstanding Amount as of such date of payment to an amount not to exceed 100 of the Alternative Currency Sublimit then in effect. 
 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . (a) Optional . The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, terminate the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or from time to time permanently reduce the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit or the Letter of Credit Sublimit. Any such reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility shall be applied to the Revolving Credit Commitment of each Revolving Credit Lender according to its Applicable Percentage; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 1:00 p.m. five (5) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 
 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof, (iii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce (A) the Revolving Credit Facility if, after giving effect thereto and to any concurrent prepayments hereunder, (x) the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings would exceed the Revolving Credit Facility, (B) the Alternative Currency Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations denominated in Alternative Currencies would exceed the Alternative Currency Sublimit, or (C) the Letter of Credit Sublimit if, after giving effect thereto, the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations not fully Cash 
 78 

Collateralized hereunder would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit and (iv) if, after giving effect to any reduction of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit exceeds the amount of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Alternative Currency Sublimit shall be automatically reduced by the amount of such excess. In addition, prior to the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, the Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent as set forth above, from time to time terminate (in whole or in part) the unused portion of the aggregate Term A-1 Commitments, and prior to the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, the Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent as set forth above, from time to time terminate (in whole or in part) the unused portion of the aggregate Term A-2 Commitments. 
 (b) Mandatory . (i) The aggregate Term A-1 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, and (ii) the aggregate Term A-2 Commitments shall be automatically and permanently reduced to zero on the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline.
 
 (c) Application of Commitment Reductions, Payment of Fees . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Appropriate Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Letter of Credit Sublimit, the Alternative Currency Sublimit, the Revolving Credit Commitments, the Term A-1 Commitments or the Term A-2 Commitments under this Section 
 2.06 . Upon any reduction of a Facility, the Commitment of each Appropriate Lender shall be reduced by such Lender s Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility of such reduction amount. All fees in respect of any Facility accrued until the effective date of any termination of such Facility shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. 2.07 Repayment of Loans . 
 (a) Term A-1 Loans . The Company shall repay to the Term A-1 Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A-1 Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Term A-1 Loans outstanding on such date.
 
 (b) Term A-2 Loans . The Company shall repay to the Term A-2 Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Term A-2 Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Term A-2 Loans outstanding on such date.
 (c) Revolving Credit Loans . The Borrowers shall repay to the Revolving Credit Lenders on the Maturity Date with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility the aggregate principal amount of all Revolving Credit Loans outstanding on such date.
 2.08 Interest . (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; (ii) each Base Rate Loan under a Facility shall 

 79 

bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility, (iii) each LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan under a Facility shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility, (iv) each Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Daily Rate plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility; and (v) each Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Alternative Currency Term Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate for such Facility.
 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law.
 
 (ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by any Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law.
 (iii) Upon the request of the Required Lenders, while any Event of Default exists (other than as set forth in clauses (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above), the Borrowers shall pay interest on the principal amount of all outstanding Obligations hereunder at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law.
 (iv) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand.
 
 (c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shallbe due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law.
 2.09 Fees . In addition to certain fees described in subsections (h) and (i) of Section 2.03 : (a) Revolving Credit Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender holding Revolving Credit Commitments (in accordance with such Revolving Credit Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars 

 80 

(the Revolving Credit Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility times the actual daily amount by which the Revolving Credit Facility exceeds the sum of (i) the Outstanding Amount of Revolving Credit Loans as of such date and (ii) the Outstanding Amount of L/C Obligations, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The Revolving Credit Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the earlier of the Facility Fee Effective Date (defined below) and the last day of the Availability Period, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable, until such fee terminates as set forth above, quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the earlier of the Facility Fee Effective Date and the last day of the Availability Period. The Revolving Credit Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate, and if there is any change in the Unused Fee Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Unused Fee Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Unused Fee Rate was in effect.
 
 (b) Facility Fee . Commencing at such time as the Ratings Based Pricing Grid becomes effective (the Facility Fee Effective Date ), the Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Credit Lender in accordance with its Applicable Percentage, a facility fee in Dollars (the Facility Fee equal to the applicable Facility Fee in the definition of Applicable Rate times the actual daily amount of the aggregate Revolving Credit Commitments (or, if the Revolving Credit Commitments have terminated, on the Outstanding Amount of all Revolving Credit Loans and L/C Obligations), regardless of usage, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.17 . The Facility Fee shall accrue at all times during the Availability Period commencing on the Facility Fee Effective Date (and thereafter so long as any Revolving Credit Loans or L/C Obligations remain outstanding), including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Facility Fee Effective Date, and on the last day of the Availability Period (and, if applicable, thereafter on demand). The Facility Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, and if there is any change in the Applicable Rate during any quarter, the actual daily amount shall be computed and multiplied by the Applicable Rate separately for each period during such quarter that such Applicable Rate was in effect.
 
 (c) Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term A-1 Lender holding Term A-1 Commitments (in accordance with each Term A-1 Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars (the Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Term Facilities times the undrawn portion of the Term A-1 Facility. The Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Term A-1 Loan Draw Deadline, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Term Loan Draw Deadline. The Term A-1 Loan Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate.
 
 81 

(d) Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term A-2 Lender holding Term A-2 Commitments (in accordance with each Term A-2 Lender s Applicable Percentage) an unused fee in Dollars (the Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee equal to the Unused Fee Rate with respect to the Term Facilities times the undrawn portion of the Term A-2 Facility. The Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee shall accrue at all times from the Closing Date until the Term A-2 Loan Draw Deadline, including at any time during which one or more of the conditions in Article IV is not met, and shall be due and payable quarterly in arrears on the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December, commencing with the first such date to occur after the Closing Date, and on the Term Loan Draw Deadline. The Term A-2 Loan Unused Fee shall be calculated quarterly in arrears, in accordance with the definition of Unused Fee Rate.
 (e) Other Fees. (i) The Company shall pay to the Arrangers and the Administrative Agent for their own respective accounts, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
 
 (ii) The Company shall pay to the Lenders, in Dollars, such fees as shall have been separately agreed upon in writing in the amounts and at the times so specified. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever.
 2.10 Computation of Interest and Fees; Retroactive Adjustments of Applicable Rate. 
 
 (a) All computations of interest for Base Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR and for Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Alternative Currency Loans with respect to EURIBOR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed, or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Alternative Currencies (other than Alternative Currency Loans with respect to EURIBOR) as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. All other computations of fees and interest , including those with respect to Daily SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Loans determined by reference to EURIBOR, shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid, provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be prima facie evidence thereof. 

(b) If, as a result of any restatement of or other adjustment to the financial statements of the Company or for any other reason, the Company or the Lenders determine that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as calculated by the Company as of any applicable date was 

 82 

inaccurate and (ii) a proper calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio would have resulted in higher pricing for such period, the Borrowers shall immediately and retroactively be obligated to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, promptly on demand by the Administrative Agent (or, after the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, automatically and without further action by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer), an amount equal to the excess of the amount of interest and fees that should have been paid for such period over the amount of interest and fees actually paid for such period. This paragraph (b) shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, as the case may be, under Section 2.03( c)(iii j ), 2.03( h k or 2.08(b) or under Article VIII . Each Borrower s obligations under this paragraph (b) shall survive the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment of all other Obligations hereunder for a period of 180 days.
 
 2.11 Evidence of Debt . (a) The Credit Extensions made by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender in the ordinary course of business. The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register in accordance with Section 10.06(c) . The accounts or records maintained by each Lender shall be prima facie evidence of the amount of the Credit Extensions made by the Lenders to the Borrowers and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrowers hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the Register, the Register shall control in the absence of demonstrable error. Upon the request of any Lender to a Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, such Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to such Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to its Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto.
 
 (b) In addition to the accounts and records referred to in subsection (a) , each Lender and the Administrative Agent shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice accounts or records evidencing the purchases and sales by such Lender of participations in Letters of Credit. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by the Administrative Agent and the accounts and records of any Lender in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of demonstrable error.
 2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . 
 (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrowers shall be made free and clear of and without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein and, except with respect to principal of and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment 

 83 

is owed, at the Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 2:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers hereunder with respect to principal and interest on Loans denominated in an Alternative Currency shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in such Alternative Currency and in Same Day Funds not later than the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent on the dates specified herein. If, for any reason, any Borrower is prohibited by any Law from making any required payment hereunder in an Alternative Currency, such Borrower shall make such payment in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the Alternative Currency payment amount. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage in respect of the relevant Facility (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after (i) 2:00 p.m., in the case of payments in Dollars, or (ii) after the Applicable Time specified by the Administrative Agent, in the case of payments in an Alternative Currency, shall, in each case, be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by any Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be.
 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans (or, in the case of any Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of such Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the applicable Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the applicable Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by a Borrower, the interest rate applicable to the applicable Borrowing. If such Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to such Borrower the amount of such interest paid by such Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the applicable Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid (but not in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such borrowing) shall 

 84 

constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. Any payment by such Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent.
 
 (c) (ii) Payments by Borrowers; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Appropriate Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount due.
 With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Lenders or any L/C Issuer hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount ): (1) the applicable Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by such Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment; then each of the Lenders or the applicable L/C Issuers, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the applicable Overnight Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation . A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent demonstrable error. 
 (d) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to any Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the applicable Credit Extension set forth in Article IV are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest.
 
 (e) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Term A-1 Loans, Term A-2 Loans and Revolving Credit Loans, to fund participations in Letters of Credit and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan, to fund any such participation or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Loan, to purchase its participation or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) .
 (f) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain 

 85 

the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner.
 
 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Loans made by it, or the participations in L/C Obligations held by it resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Loans or participations and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and subparticipations in L/C Obligations of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that:
 (i) if any such participations or subparticipations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations or subparticipations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and
 (ii) the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), (y) the application of Cash Collateral provided for in Section 2.16 , or (z) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or subparticipations in L/C Obligations to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Company or any Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section 2.13 shall apply).
 Each Loan Party consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Loan Party rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Loan Party in the amount of such participation. 2.14 Extension of Maturity Date in Respect of the Revolving Credit Facility . 
 (a) Requests for Extension . The Company may, up to two times with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, by notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the Revolving Credit Lenders not earlier than one hundred and twenty (120) days and not later than thirty (30) days prior to the Maturity Date in respect of the Revolving Credit Facility then in effect hereunder (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Existing Maturity Date be extended for an additional six month period from the Existing Maturity Date.
 
 86 

(b) Conditions to Effectiveness of Extensions . As a condition precedent to each such extension, the Borrowers shall pay to Administrative Agent for the pro rata benefit of the Revolving Credit Lenders with respect to the Revolving Credit Facility, an extension fee equal to
 (A) 0.075 (7.5 basis points) multiplied by (B) the Revolving Credit Commitments of all Revolving Credit Lenders at the time of extension and deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Existing Maturity Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (i) approving or consenting to such extension (and attaching resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such extension to the extent required under such Loan Party s Organization Documents) and (ii) in the case of the Company, certifying that, immediately before and after giving effect to such extension, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Existing Maturity Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Section Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or the respective period, as the case may be, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.14 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to subsections (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , (B) the Borrowers are in compliance with all of the financial covenants set forth in Section 7.09 , and (C) no Default exists. 2.15 Increase in Total Credit Exposure . (a) Request for Increase . Provided there exists no Default, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders), the Company may, from time to time, request an increase in the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders (which increase may take the form of additional Dollar Tranche Commitments or Multicurrency Tranche Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, an increase to the Term A-1 Facility, an increase to the Term A-2 Facility, or one or more additional term loan tranches) by an amount (for all such requests) not exceeding 450,000,000 550,000,000 ; provided that any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 25,000,000, or such other amount as may be agreed upon by Company and Administrative Agent; provided , further , that, after giving effect to such increase, the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders shall not exceed 1,750,000,000 2,250,000,000 less the amount of any prepayments of the Outstanding Amount of the Term Facilities. At the time of sending such notice, the Company (in consultation with the Administrative Agent) shall specify the time period within which each Lender is requested to respond (which shall in no event be less than ten Business Days from the date of delivery of such notice to the Lenders) as to whether it intends to seek approval for increasing its Total Credit Exposure.
 
 (b) Lender Elections to Increase . Each Lender may decline or elect to participate in such requested increase in the Total Credit Exposure of all Lenders in its sole discretion, and each Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent within such time period whether or not it agrees to increase its Total Credit Exposure and, if so, whether by an amount equal to, greater than, or less 

 87 

than its Applicable Percentage of such requested increase. Any Lender not responding within such time period shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Total Credit Exposure.
 
 (c) Notification by Administrative Agent; Additional Lenders . The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and each Lender of the Lenders responses to each request made hereunder. To achieve the full amount of a requested increase and subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent and, in the case of an increase in the form of additional Dollar Tranche Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, each L/C Issuer, the Company may also invite additional Eligible Assignees to become Lenders pursuant to a joinder agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and its counsel (a New Lender Joinder Agreement ). 
 
 (d) Effective Date and Allocations . If the Total Credit Exposure of any Lenders is increased in accordance with this Section 2.15 , the Administrative Agent and the Company shall determine the effective date (the Increase Effective Date and the final allocation of such increase. The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of the final allocation of such increase and the Increase Effective Date.
 (e) Conditions to Effectiveness of Increase . As a condition precedent to such increase, (i) the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of each Loan Party dated as of the Increase Effective Date (in sufficient copies for each Lender) signed by a Responsible Officer of such Loan Party (x) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase to the extent required under such Loan Party s Organization Documents, and (y) in the case of the Company, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase, (A) the representations and warranties contained in Article V and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the Increase Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Section Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Section 2.15 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 , and (B) no Default exists or would result therefrom, (ii) (x) upon the reasonable request of any Lender participating in such increase made at least ten (10) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, the Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date and (y) at least five (5) days prior to the Increase Effective Date, if any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Company shall have delivered, to each Lender participating in such increase that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party and (iii) to the extent that the increase of the Commitments shall take the form of a new term loan tranche, this 
 88 

Agreement shall be amended, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Company. The Borrowers shall prepay any Loans outstanding on the Increase Effective Date (and pay any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 to the extent necessary to keep the outstanding Loans ratable with any revised Applicable Percentages arising from any nonratable increase in the Total Credit Exposure of any Lender under this Section 2.15 , and each Loan Party shall execute and deliver such documents or instruments as the Administrative Agent may require to evidence such increase in the Total Credit Exposure of any Lender and to ratify each such Loan Party s continuing obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and shall pay such fees as may be due pursuant to the terms of the Fee Letters. (f) Conflicting Provisions . This Section 2.15 shall supersede any provisions in Section 2.13 or Section 10.01 to the contrary. 2.16 Cash Collateral . 
 (a) Obligation to Cash Collateralize . At any time that there shall exist a Defaulting Lender, within one Business Day following the written request of the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender (determined after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by such Defaulting Lender) in an amount not less than the Minimum Collateral Amount. Additionally, if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company at any time that the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations at such time exceeds 105 of the Letter of Credit Sublimit then in effect, then within two (2) Business Days after receipt of such notice, the Company shall provide Cash Collateral for the Outstanding Amount of the L/C Obligations in an amount not less than the amount by which the Outstanding Amount of all L/C Obligations exceeds the Letter of Credit Sublimit.
 (b) Grant of Security Interest . The Company, and to the extent provided by any Defaulting Lender, such Defaulting Lender, hereby grants to (and subjects to the control of) the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and agrees to maintain, a first priority security interest in all such cash, deposit accounts and all balances therein, and all other property so provided as collateral pursuant hereto, and in all proceeds of the foregoing, all as security for the obligations to which such Cash Collateral may be applied pursuant to Section 2.16(c) . If at any time the Administrative Agent determines that Cash Collateral is subject to any right or claim of any Person other than the Administrative Agent or the applicable L/C Issuer as herein provided, or that the total amount of such Cash Collateral is less than the Minimum Collateral Amount, the Company will, promptly upon demand by the Administrative Agent, pay or provide to the Administrative Agent additional Cash Collateral in an amount sufficient to eliminate such deficiency (determined in the case of Cash Collateral provided pursuant to Section 2.16(a) above, after giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) and any Cash Collateral provided by the Defaulting Lender). All Cash Collateral (other than credit support not constituting funds subject to deposit) shall be maintained in blocked, non-interest bearing deposit accounts at Bank of America. The Company shall pay on demand therefor from time to time all customary account opening, activity and other administrative fees and charges in connection with the maintenance and disbursement of Cash Collateral.
 
 89 

(c) Application . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Cash Collateral provided under any of this Section 2.16 or Sections 2.03 , 2.05 , 2.17 or 8.02 in respect of Letters of Credit shall be held and applied to the satisfaction of the specific L/C Obligations, obligations to fund participations therein (including, as to Cash Collateral provided by a Defaulting Lender, any interest accrued on such obligation) and other obligations for which the Cash Collateral was so provided, prior to any other application of such property as may otherwise be provided for herein.
 
 (d) Release . Cash Collateral (or the appropriate portion thereof) provided to reduce Fronting Exposure or to secure other obligations shall be released promptly following (i) the elimination of the applicable Fronting Exposure or other obligations giving rise thereto (including by the termination of Defaulting Lender status of the applicable Lender (or, as appropriate, its assignee following compliance with Section 10.06(b)(vi) )) or (ii) the good faith determination by the Administrative Agent and the applicable L/C Issuer that there exists excess Cash Collateral; provided , however , that (x) Cash Collateral furnished by or on behalf of the Company or the Borrowers (including any interest thereon) shall not be released during the continuance of an Event of Default (and following application as provided in this Section 2.16 may be otherwise applied in accordance with Section 8.03 during the continuance of an Event of Default), and (y) the Person providing Cash Collateral and the applicable L/C Issuer may agree that Cash Collateral shall not be released but instead held to support future anticipated Fronting Exposure or other obligations.
 2.17 Defaulting Lenders . (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law:
 (i) Waivers and Amendments . Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Required Lenders and Section 10.01 .
 (ii) Defaulting Lender Waterfall . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 
 10.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any L/C Issuer hereunder; third , to Cash Collateralize any L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with Section 2.16 ; fourth , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative 
 90 

Agent and, if no Event of Default is continuing, the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) Cash Collateralize any L/C Issuer s future Fronting Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.16 ; sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders or any L/C Issuer as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender or any L/C Issuer against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Company as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Company against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or L/C Borrowings in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and L/C Obligations owed to, all Non- Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or L/C Obligations owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in L/C Obligations are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments hereunder without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) . Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post Cash Collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17(a)(ii) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. (iii) Certain Fees . (A) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) , (c) or (d) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Company shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender), and each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive fees payable under Section 2.09(b) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to the sum of (1) the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Credit Loans funded by it, and (2) its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which it has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 .
 (B) Each Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive Letter of Credit Fees for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender only to the extent allocable to its Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage of the stated amount of Letters of Credit for which such Defaulting Lender has provided Cash Collateral pursuant to Section 2.16 .
 
 91 

(C) With respect to any fee payable under Section 2.09(a) or (b) or any Letter of Credit Fee not required to be paid to any Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (A) or (B) above, the Company shall (x) pay to each Non-Defaulting Lender that portion of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender with respect to such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations that has been reallocated to such Non-Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) below, (y) pay to each L/C Issuer the amount of any such fee otherwise payable to such Defaulting Lender to the extent allocable to such L/C Issuer s Fronting Exposure to such Defaulting Lender, and (z) not be required to pay the remaining amount of any such fee. 
 
 (iv) Reallocation of Applicable Percentages to Reduce Fronting Exposure . All or any part of such Defaulting Lender s participation in L/C Obligations shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Revolving Credit Percentages (calculated without regard to such Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment) but only to the extent that such reallocation does not cause (x) the aggregate Revolving Credit Exposure of any Non-Defaulting Lender to exceed such Non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Dollar Tranche Loans of any Non-Defaulting Lender plus such Lender s participation in L/C Obligations at such time to exceed the such Non-Defaulting Lender s Dollar Tranche Commitment. Subject to Section 10.21 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation.
 (v) Cash Collateral . If the reallocation described in clause (a)(iv) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall, without prejudice to any right or remedy available to it hereunder or under Applicable Law, Cash Collateralize the L/C Issuers Fronting Exposure in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.16 .
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Company, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any Cash Collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Revolving Credit Loans and funded and unfunded participations in Letters of Credit to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with their Revolving Credit Commitments (without giving effect to Section 2.17(a)(iv) ), whereupon such Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Company while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s 

 92 

having been a Defaulting Lender.
 
 (c) New Letters of Credit . So long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, no L/C Issuer shall be required to issue, extend, increase, reinstate or renew any Letter of Credit unless it is satisfied that it will have no Fronting Exposure after giving effect thereto.
 2.18 Addition and Removal of Unencumbered Properties . 
 (a) Addition of Unencumbered Properties . The Company may at any time and from time to time designate additional Unencumbered Properties meeting the definition of Unencumbered Properties by providing an updated Schedule 5.19 and the appropriate Subsidiary Guarantees, at which time such additional Unencumbered Properties shall be included for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with the financial covenants under Sections 7.09(f) , (g) and (h) and the amount that may be borrowed hereunder.
 
 (b) Removal of Unencumbered Properties . The Company may at any time and from time to time remove Unencumbered Properties by providing an updated Schedule 5.19 reflecting which Properties will no longer constitute Unencumbered Properties; provided that in connection therewith the Company shall, following removal of such Unencumbered Property, continue to comply with Sections 7.09(f) , (g) and (h) and so long as the Company complies with Sections 7.09(f) , (g) and (h) and there is no Event of Default at such time, such Property shall no longer constitute an Unencumbered Property for purposes hereof.
 2.19 Designated Borrowers . (a) Designated Borrowers . The Company may at any time, upon not less than fifteen 
 (15) Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), request to designate any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company (an Applicant Borrower as a Designated Borrower to receive Revolving Credit Loans and/or one or more Term Loans (including one or more additional term loan tranches provided pursuant to Section 2.15 by delivering to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver counterparts thereof to each Lender) a duly executed notice and agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit I (a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement ). The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that prior to any Applicant Borrower becoming entitled to utilize the credit facilities provided for herein (i) the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that are to provide Commitments and/or Loans in favor of an Applicant Borrower must each agree, in its and their reasonable discretion, to such Applicant Borrower becoming a Designated Borrower, (ii) the Administrative Agent and such Lenders shall have received such supporting resolutions, incumbency certificates, opinions of counsel and other documents or information, in form, content and scope reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, as may be required by the Administrative Agent, and Notes signed by such new Borrowers to the extent any Lender so requires, and (iii) upon the reasonable request of any Lender, the Applicant Borrowers shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the 
 93 

documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and any Applicant Borrower that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Applicant Borrower (the requirements in clauses (i) , (ii) and (iii) hereof, the Designated Borrower Requirements ). If the Designated Borrower Requirements are met, the Administrative Agent shall send a notice in substantially the form of Exhibit J (a Designated Borrower Notice to the Company and the Lenders specifying the effective date upon which the Applicant Borrower shall constitute a Designated Borrower for purposes hereof, whereupon each of the Lenders agrees to permit such Designated Borrower to receive Loans hereunder, on the terms and conditions set forth herein, and each of the parties agrees that such Designated Borrower otherwise shall be a Borrower for all purposes of this Agreement; provided that no Committed Loan Notice or Letter of Credit Application may be submitted by or on behalf of such Designated Borrower until the date five (5) Business Days after such effective date. 
 (b) Obligations . Except as specifically provided herein, the Obligations of the Company and each of the Borrowers shall be joint and several in nature (unless such joint and several liability (i) shall result in adverse tax consequences to any such Designated Borrower or
 (iii) is not permitted by any Law applicable to such Designated Borrower, in which either such case, the liability of such Designated Borrower shall be several in nature) regardless of which such Person actually receives Credit Extensions hereunder or the amount of such Credit Extensions received or the manner in which the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender accounts for such Credit Extensions on its books and records. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any Loan Document (including any Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement) to the contrary, (i) no Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be obligated with respect to any Obligations of the Company or of any Domestic Subsidiary, (ii) the Obligations owed by a Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be several and not joint with the Obligations of the Company or of any Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary and (iii) no Designated Borrower that is a Foreign Subsidiary shall be obligated as a Subsidiary Guarantor under the Subsidiary Guaranty with respect to the Obligations of the Company or any Domestic Subsidiary. 
 
 (c) Appointment . Each Subsidiary of the Company that is or becomes a Designated Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.19 hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to act as its agent for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and agrees that (i) the Company may execute such documents on behalf of such Designated Borrower as the Company deems appropriate in its sole discretion and each Designated Borrower shall be obligated by all of the terms of any such document executed on its behalf, (ii) any notice or communication delivered by the Administrative Agent or the Lender to the Company shall be deemed delivered to each Designated Borrower and (iii) the Administrative Agent or the Lenders may accept, and be permitted to rely on, any document, instrument or agreement executed by the Company on behalf of each of the Loan Parties.
 (d) Termination of Designated Borrower Status . The Company may from time to time, 

 94 

upon not less than 15 Business Days notice from the Company to the Administrative Agent (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), terminate a Designated Borrower s status as such, provided that there are no outstanding Loans that were advanced to such Designated Borrower, or other amounts payable by such Designated Borrower on account of any Loans advanced to it, as of the effective date of such termination. Such Designated Borrower shall also be released from its obligations under the Guaranty and the other Loan Documents, provided that such Designated Borrower (or if such Designated Borrower is not a Domestic Subsidiary, the most immediate parents of such Subsidiary that are Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (if any)) is not, or substantially contemporaneously with the termination of such Designated Borrower s status as such would not be, required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor under this Agreement. The Administrative Agent will (at the sole cost of the Borrowers), and each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to, execute and deliver such documents as the Company or such terminated Designated Borrower may reasonably request to evidence the release of such Designated Borrower from its obligations hereunder, including under the Guaranty, and under the other Loan Documents, which documents shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such termination of a Designated Borrower s status.
 ARTICLE III. TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 3.01 Taxes . 
 (a) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 3.01 , the term Applicable Law includes FATCA and the term Lender includes any L/C Issuer.
 
 (b) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made.
 (c) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . Each of the Borrowers shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with Applicable Law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes.
 (d) Indemnifications by Borrowers . Each of the Borrowers shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes 

 95 

(including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error.
 (e) Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for, or paid, such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e) .
 
 (f) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Company or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Company shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Company or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be.
 (g) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 
 (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably 

 96 

requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 3.01(g)(ii)(A) , (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender.
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that a Borrower is a U.S. Person,
 (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 
 
 (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as described below or as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable:
 (I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty;
 (II) two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI;
 
 (III) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a 

 97 

certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable); or
 (IV) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, two (2) properly completed and executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner;
 (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company or the Administrative Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and
 
 (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Company and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the 

 98 

Closing Date.
 
 (iii) Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered pursuant to this Section 3.01 expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, itshall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
 (h) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by Applicable Law, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. If any Recipient determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by any Borrower or with respect to which any Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to such Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by such Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) incurred by such Recipient, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that such Borrower, upon the request of the Recipient, agrees to repay the amount paid over to such Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Recipient in the event the Recipient is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this subsection (h) , in no event will the applicable Recipient be required to pay any amount to any Borrower pursuant to this subsection (h) the payment of which would place the Recipient in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Recipient would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection (h) shall not be construed to require any Recipient to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to any Borrower or any other Person.
 (i) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations.
 
 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender reasonably determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to a Relevant Rate, the Eurodollar Rate or the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon a Relevant Rate , the Eurodollar Rate or the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate , or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars or any Alternative Currency in the applicable interbank market (provided that such Lender has made such determination in good faith and not in 

 99 

an arbitrary and capricious manner after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant), then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Company (through the Administrative Agent), (a) any obligation of such Lender to make or maintain Alternative Currency Loans in the affected currency or currencies or, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans to Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans or Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans to LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans shall be, in each case, suspended, and (b) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Company shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay all Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans and/or Alternative Currency Loans, as applicable, in the affected currency or currencies or, if applicable, and such Loans are denominated in Dollars, convert all Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and/or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component of the Base Rate), in each case, immediately, or in the case of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans on the last day of the Interest Period therefor if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans, as applicable, to such day and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR , the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR . Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrowers shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 .
 3.03 Inability to Determine Rates ; Replacement of Relevant Rates or Successor Rates . 
 (a) Inability to Determine Rates. If in connection with any request for a Eurodollar 

Rate Term SOFR Loan or , a LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Loan, a conversion of a Base Rate Loans to a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan or to a LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loan , a conversion of a Base Rate Loan or a Daily SOFR Loan to a Term SOFR Loan or a continuation of any Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or any Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan , (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (and makes a similar determination with respect to other similar facilities with respect to which it is acting as agent) (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank market for the applicable amount 
 100 

and Interest Period of such Eurodollar no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate Loan or for the applicable term with respect to such LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan, or (B) (x) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan or for determining the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate for any determination date with respect to an existing or proposed LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan and (y) the circumstances described in Section 3.03(c) do not apply (in each case with respect to this clause (i) , Impacted Loans ), or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan, or the LIBOR Daily Floating Rate with respect to an existing or proposed LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan, as the case may be, does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender. Thereafter, (A) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans and/or to make LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loans, as applicable, shall be suspended, (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (B) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of Section 3.03(a) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of such notice, the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans or a Borrowing of or conversion to LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent has made the determination described in clause (i) of Section 3.03(a) , the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, may establish a reasonable alternative interest rate for the Impacted Loans, in which case, such alternative rate of interest shall apply with respect to the Impacted Loans until 
 (1) the Administrative Agent revokes the notice delivered with respect to the Impacted Loans under clause (i) of the first sentence of Section 3.03(a) , (2) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent and the Company that such alternative interest rate does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding the Impacted Loans, or (3) any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Loans whose interest is determined by reference to such alternative rate of interest or to determine or charge interest rates based upon such rate or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to do any of the foregoing and provides the Administrative Agent and the Company written notice thereof. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents: 

(i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1-week, 1-month, 2-month, 

 101 

3-month, 6-month and 12- month LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (B) June 30, 2023 and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 (ii) (x) Upon (A) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error); provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. 
 (y) On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Company may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Company s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Company will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 
 
 102 

(iv) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 
 (v) T he Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(c) . 
 (vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 
 (d) If in connection with any request for an Alternative Currency Loan or a continuation of any of such Loans, (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate for the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency has been determined in accordance with Section 3.03( e) b) or Section 3.03(c) and the circumstances under clause (i) of Section 3.03( e) b) or of Section 3.03(c), or the Scheduled Unavailability Date or the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date , has occurred with respect to such Relevant Rate (as applicable), or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining the Relevant Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency for any determination date(s) or requested Interest Period, as applicable, with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan, Daily SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan , or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason that the Relevant Rate with respect to a proposed Loan denominated in an Agreed Currency for any requested Interest Period or determination date(s) does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Lender.
 Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Loans in the affected currencies, as applicable, or to convert Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans to Daily SOFR Loans or to convert Base Rate Loans or Daily SOFR Loans to Term SOFR Loans shall be suspended in each case to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period 
 103 

or determination date(s), as applicable, until the Administrative Agent and or, y) in the case event of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Lenders described in clause (ii) of this Section 3.03( d a ), until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. 

Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to Daily SOFR Loans, Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of , Term SOFR Loans or Borrowing or continuation of Alternative Currency Loans to the extent of the affected Alternative Currency Loans or Interest Period or determination date(s), as applicable or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount specified therein and (ii) (A) any outstanding Daily SOFR Loans and Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately, in the case of a Daily SOFR Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, and (B) any outstanding affected Alternative Currency Loans, at the Company s election, shall either (1) be converted into a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans denominated in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such outstanding Alternative Currency Loan immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan or (2) be prepaid in full immediately, in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, or at the end of the applicable Interest Period, in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan; provided that if no election is made by the Company (x) in the case of an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, by the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice or (y) in the case of an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, by the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan, the Company shall be deemed to have elected clause (1) above. (b) Replacement of SOFR or SOFR Successor Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining SOFR and one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including because SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, as applicable, is not available or published on a current basis, and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or 
 
 (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which SOFR and one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate, as applicable, shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans 

 104 

denominated in Dollars , or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there are no successor administrators that are satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide SOFR or such interest periods of Term SOFR, as applicable, after such specific date (the latest date on which SOFR or one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the SOFR Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03(b)(i) or (ii) have occurred with respect to the SOFR Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing SOFR and/or Term SOFR for Dollars or any then current SOFR Successor Rate for Dollars in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in Dollars for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated in its reasonable discretion (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a SOFR Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. (c) (e) Replacement of Relevant Rate or Non-SOFR Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Lenders notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Lenders, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Lenders (as applicable) have determined, that: 
 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for an Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) because none of the tenors of such Relevant Rate including any forward-looking term rate thereof) other than SOFR) under this Agreement is available or published on a current basis , and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary; or
 (ii) the Applicable Authority has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which all tenors of the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for an Agreed Currency including any forward-looking term rate thereof) other than Dollars) under this Agreement shall or will no longer be representative or made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of syndicated loans denominated in such Agreed Currency 

 105 

(other than Dollars) , or shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, in each case, at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent that will continue to provide such representative tenor(s) of the Relevant Rate (other than SOFR) for such Agreed Currency (other than Dollars) (the latest date on which all tenors of the Relevant Rate for such Agreed Currency including any forward-looking term rate thereof) other than Dollars) under this Agreement are no longer representative or available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date or 
 (iii) syndicated loans currently being executed and agented in the U.S., are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency; 
 or if the events or circumstances of the type described in Section 3.03( e c )(i) , or (ii) or (iii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing the Relevant Rate for an Agreed Currency or any then current Successor Rate for an Agreed Currency in accordance with this Section 3.03 with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such alternative benchmarks, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar credit facilities syndicated and agented in the U.S. and denominated in such Agreed Currency for such benchmarks, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated in its reasonable discretion (and any such proposed rate, including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment thereto, a Non-SOFR Successor Rate , and collectively with the SOFR Successor Rate, each a Successor Rate ), and any such amendment shall become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Lenders and the Company unless, prior to such time, Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Lenders object to such amendment. (d) Successor Rate. The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Lender of the implementation of any Successor Rate.
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero, the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 106 

In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement; provided that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Lenders reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 (e) Exclusion of Certain Lenders. For purposes of this Section 3.03, those Lenders that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in the relevant Alternative Currency shall be excluded from any determination of Required Lenders. 
 3.04 Increased Costs ; Additional Reserve Requirements . 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement contemplated by Section 3.04(e) or any L/C Issuer;
 
 (ii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes, and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; or
 
 (iii) impose on any Lender or any L/C Issuer or any applicable interbank market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans, LIBOR Daily Floating Rate SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein;
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making, converting, continuing or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to increase the cost to such Lender or such L/C Issuer of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (or of maintaining its obligation to participate in or to issue any Letter of Credit), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender or such L/C Issuer hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided , however , that such Lender s or such L/C 
 107 

Issuer s determination of any such amounts assessed against the Company shall be consistent with the determination of amounts assessed against other (but not necessarily all) borrowers that are similarly situated to the Company after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant; provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to disclose information of other borrowers. 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender or any L/C Issuer determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or such L/C Issuer or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such L/C Issuer, to a level below that which such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements ), then from time to time the Company will pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s holding company for any such reduction suffered. Each L/C Issuer and each Lender agrees that, in the event that it submits any demand for payment under this Section 3.04(b) it shall, as part of making such demand, have made a good faith determination (which determination shall be conclusive) that it is concurrently making similar demands of other (but not necessarily all) customers similarly situated to the Company after consideration of such factors as such Lender then reasonably determines to be relevant; provided that in no event shall any Lender be required to disclose information of other borrowers.
 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender or an L/C Issuer setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such L/C Issuer or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Company shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error. Subject to Section 3.04(d) below, the Company shall pay (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof.
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any L/C Issuer to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender or such L/C Issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six months prior to the date that such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such L/C Issuer s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof).

 108 

(e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Company shall pay to each Lender, as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurocurrency funds or deposits (currently known as Eurocurrency liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan and/or LIBOR Daily Floating Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be binding absent demonstrable error), which shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Company shall have received at least 10 days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice 10 days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest shall be due and payable 10 days from receipt of such notice, provided the period for which such interest is due shall not be more than ninety days prior to such notice. 
 
 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Company shall promptly compensate (or cause the applicable Designated Borrower to compensate) such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any out-of-pocket loss, cost or expense incurred by it as a result of:
 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan, other than a Base Rate Loan, a LIBOR Daily Rate SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, on a day other than the last day of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period, as applicable, for such Loan, if applicable (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise);
 (b) any failure by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan, other than a Base Rate Loan, a LIBOR Daily Rate SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Daily Rate Loan, on the date or in the amount notified by the Company or the applicable Designated Borrower;
 
 (c) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or an Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 10.13 ; or
 
 (d) any failure by any Borrower to make any payment of any Loan or drawing under any Letter of Credit (or interest due thereof) denominated in an Alternative Currency on its scheduled due date or any payment thereof in a different currency;
 including any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan or from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained but excluding any loss of anticipated profits or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Company shall also pay (or cause the applicable Designated 
 109 

Borrower to pay) any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Company (or the applicable Designated Borrower) to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan and Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR or the Alternative Currency Term Rate, as applicable, for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the offshore interbank eurodollar market for such currency for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loan or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 3.06 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . Each Lender may make any Credit Extension to a Borrower through any Lending Office, provided that the exercise of this option shall not affect the obligation of such Borrower to repay the Credit Extension in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or requires a Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender, any L/C Issuer, or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then at the request of the Company such Lender or such L/C Issuer shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender or such L/C Issuer, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be. The Company hereby agrees to pay (or to cause the applicable Designated Borrower to pay) all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender or any L/C Issuer in connection with any such designation or assignment.
 (b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if a Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending office in accordance with Section 3.06(a) , the Company may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 .
 
 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrowers obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder, and resignation of the Administrative Agent.
 ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 4.01 Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Agreement and the 

 110 

obligation of each L/C Issuer and each Lender to make any Credit Extensions hereunder on the Closing Date is subject to satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each of which shall be originals or pdf copies (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the signing Loan Party, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent:
 (i) executed counterparts of this Agreement and the Guaranty, sufficient in number for distribution to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrowers;
 (ii) Notes executed by the Borrowers in favor of each Lender requesting Notes; (iii) such certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of each Loan Party as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party;
 
 (iv) such documents and certifications as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that each Loan Party is duly organized or formed, and that each of the Borrowers and the Trust is validly existing, in good standing and qualified to engage in business in its jurisdiction of organization;
 
 (v) a favorable opinion of counsel to the Loan Parties, addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, as to the matters set forth in Exhibit H and such other matters concerning the Loan Parties and the Loan Documents as the Required Lenders may reasonably request;
 
 (vi) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of each Loan Party either (A) attaching copies of all consents, licenses and approvals required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by such Loan Party and the validity against such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and such consents, licenses and approvals shall be in full force and effect, or (B) stating that no such consents, licenses or approvals are so required; 
 
 (vii) a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company certifying (A) that the representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished under or in connection herewith or therewith, are true and correct in 

 111 

all material respects (or, in the case of Section 5.14(b) or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of the Closing Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, (B) that no Default exists, or would result from the consummation of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated to occur thereby on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, any proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof), (C) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or would be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and (D) a calculation of the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the fiscal quarter for which financial statements have been publicly filed prior to the Closing Date;
 (viii) a duly completed Compliance Certificate as of the last day of the fiscal quarter of the Company ended on September 30, 2021, giving pro forma effect to the transactions to occur on the Closing Date (including, without limitation, all Credit Extensions to occur on the Closing Date), signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company;
 (ix) the Audited Financial Statements and the unaudited financial statements of the Consolidated Group referred to in Section 5.05(a) and (b) ;
 (x) evidence that the Swing Line Loans (if any) outstanding under (and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) have been or concurrently with the Closing Date are being repaid in full; and
 
 (xi) such other assurances, certificates, documents, consents or opinions as the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Required Lenders may reasonably require.
 
 (b) (i) Upon the reasonable request of any Lender made at least ten (10) days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall have provided to such Lender, and such Lender shall be reasonably satisfied with, the documentation and other information so requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act, in each case at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date and (ii) at least five (5) days prior to the Closing Date, if any Loan Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, then the Company shall have delivered, to each Lender that so requests, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party.
 
 (c) Any fees required to be paid to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the Fee Letter on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 

 112 

(d) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Company shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent invoiced prior to or on the date that is three Business Days prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the closing proceedings provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Company and the Administrative Agent). Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto.
 4.02 Conditions to all Credit Extensions . The obligation of each Lender to honor any Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to the other Type, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) is subject to the following conditions precedent:
 (a) The representations and warranties of the Borrowers and each other Loan Party contained in Article V or any other Loan Document, or which are contained in any document furnished at any time under or in connection herewith or therewith, shall be true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) on and as of the date of such Credit Extension, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they shall have been true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Section Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Section 4.02 , the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 5.05 shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b) , respectively, of Section 6.01 .
 
 (b) No Default shall exist, or would result from such proposed Credit Extension or from the application of the proceeds thereof.
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and, if applicable, the applicable L/C Issuer shall have received a Request for Credit Extension in accordance with the requirements hereof.
 
 (d) Assuming the effectiveness of the requested Credit Extension, the Total Revolving Credit Outstandings shall not exceed the Revolving Credit Facility.
 
 (e) If the applicable Borrower is a Designated Borrower, then the conditions of Section 
 113 

2.19 to the designation of such Borrower as a Designated Borrower shall have been met to the reasonable satisfaction of the Administrative Agent. (f) In the case of a Credit Extension to be denominated in an Alternative Currency, such currency remains an Eligible Currency.
 Each Request for Credit Extension (other than a Committed Loan Notice requesting only a conversion of Loans to another Type or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Term SOFR Loans or Alternative Currency Term Rate Loans) submitted by the Company shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(a) , (b) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Credit Extension. ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and (ii) execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clause (b)(i) or (c) , to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Loan Party of each Loan Document to which such Person is party, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of such Person s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of (or the requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (i) any Contractual Obligation to which such Person is a party or affecting such Person or the properties of such Person or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which such Person or its property is subject, the conflict or breach of which under the foregoing clauses (i) and/or (ii) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; or (c) violate any Law. 
 
 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by, or enforcement against, any Loan Party of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except with respect to notices which have already been given or where the failure to obtain any of the foregoing would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 114 

5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms.
 5.05 Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein; and (ii) fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Consolidated Group as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein.
 
 (b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Consolidated Group dated September 30, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for the fiscal quarter ended on that date (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein, and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Consolidated Group as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby, subject, in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , to the absence of footnotes and to normal year-end audit adjustments.
 (c) Since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had a Material Adverse Effect.
 5.06 Litigation . There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company after due and diligent investigation, threatened or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) except as specifically disclosed in Schedule 5.06 , either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 5.07 No Default . Neither any Loan Party nor any Subsidiary thereof is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation that would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document.
 
 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens . Each of the Company and each Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property 

 115 

material to its business, except for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Unencumbered Property is subject to any Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 .
 
 5.09 Environmental Compliance . The Company and its Subsidiaries normally conduct, prior to the acquisition of any Property, a customary review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on such Property, and as a result thereof the Company has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 5.10 Taxes . The Company and its Subsidiaries have filed all Federal, state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except (a) those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP, or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 5.11 ERISA Compliance. (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Pension Plan is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws and (ii) each Pension Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination, opinion or advisory letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Pension Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter is currently being processed by, or shall be timely submitted to, the Internal Revenue Service, and, to the best knowledge of the Company, nothing has occurred that would prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. (b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Pension Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no prohibited transaction, as defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, nor violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules under ERISA with respect to any Pension Plan that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect.
 (c) Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, 

 116 

(i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan; (ii) the Company and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has incurred any liability to the PBGC other than for the payment of premiums, and there are no premium payments which have become due that are unpaid; (v) neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that could be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (vi) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that would reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. (d) Neither the Company nor, to the Company s knowledge, any ERISA Affiliate, maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan other than (A) on the Closing Date, those listed on Schedule 5.11(d) hereto and (B) thereafter, Pension Plans not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement.
 (e) Each Borrower represents and warrants as of the Closing Date that such Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans, the Letters of Credit or the Commitments.
 
 117 

5.12 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . As of the Closing Date, Schedule 5.12 sets forth the owners of outstanding Equity Interests in each Subsidiary Guarantor and such Equity Interests have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the party shown on Schedule 5.12 free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Encumbrances. A majority of the Equity Interests in the Company are owned by the Trust.
 5.13 Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . (a) No Borrower is engaged or will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. Following the application of the proceeds of each Borrowing or drawing under each Letter of Credit, not more than 25 of the value of the assets (either of the applicable Borrower only or of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis) subject to the provisions of Section 7.01 or subject to any restriction contained in any agreement or instrument between any Borrower and any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender relating to Indebtedness and within the scope of Section 8.01(e) will be margin stock.
 (b) None of the Company, any Person Controlling the Company, or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.
 
 5.14 Disclosure . (a) Each Borrower has disclosed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which it or any of its Subsidiaries is subject, and all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The reports, financial statements, certificates and other information furnished in writing by or on behalf of any Loan Party to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (in each case other than projected financial information, other forward-looking information and information of a general economic or industry-specific nature) in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, do not contain any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading; provided that as to such written information supplied by third parties, each Borrower represents only that it has no actual knowledge of any material misstatement or material omission therein; provided further that, with respect to financial projections concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries that have been or are hereafter made available to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by the Company or any of its representatives (or on the Company s or such representative s behalf) in connection herewith (the Projections ), each Borrower represents only that such Projections were prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to have been reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared (it being recognized that (i) actual results during the period or periods covered by any such Projections may differ from the projected or forecasted results and the differences may be material, and (ii) any such Projections are subject to the risks detailed in the public filings of the Trust, and the Company can give no assurance that the expectations can be obtained).
 
 118 

(b) As of the Closing Date, the information included in each Beneficial Ownership Certification, if applicable, is true and correct in all respects. 
 119 

5.15 Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary thereof is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, with respect to all such non-compliance by all such Subsidiaries would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 5.16 Taxpayer Identification Number . The Company s true and correct U.S. taxpayer identification number is set forth on Schedule 10.02 .
 5.17 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc. The Company and its Subsidiaries own, or are licensed to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, trade secrets, know-how, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights that are material to their respective businesses, except where the failure would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of the Company, no product, service, process, method, substance, part or other material now employed, or now contemplated to be employed, by the Company or any Subsidiary infringes upon, misappropriates or otherwise violates any rights held by any other Person, except for any infringement that individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. To the best knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification, corruption or malfunction of any information technology assets or systems (or any information or transactions stored or contained therein or transmitted thereby) owned or used by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, which, either individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 5.18 REIT Status . The Trust is qualified to elect or has elected status as a real estate investment trust under Section 856 of the Code and currently is in compliance in all material respects with all provisions of the Code applicable to the qualification of the Trust as a real estate investment trust.
 
 5.19 Unencumbered Properties . Schedule 5.19 hereto contains a complete and accurate description of Unencumbered Properties designated by the Company to constitute Unencumbered Properties hereunder as of the Closing Date and as supplemented from time to time in connection with the delivery of a Compliance Certificate pursuant to Section 6.01(c) hereof or as set forth in Section 2.18 and upon the inclusion or removal of a Property as an Unencumbered Property for purposes of the financial covenants contained in Section 7.09 , including the entity that owns each Unencumbered Property. With respect to each Property identified from time to time as an Unencumbered Property, each Borrower hereby represents and warrants as follows except to the extent the failure to comply with any of the following would not have a material adverse effect on the value of the Unencumbered Property or to the extent disclosed in writing to the Lenders and approved by the Required Lenders (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld): 
 
 120 

(a) No portion of any improvement on the Unencumbered Property is located in an area identified by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development or any successor thereto as an area having special flood hazards pursuant to the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 or the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973, as amended, or any successor law, or, if located within any such area, the Company or the applicable Subsidiary, to the extent the same is available on commercially reasonable terms, has obtained and will maintain insurance coverage for flood and other water damage in the amount of the replacement cost of the improvements at the Unencumbered Property.
 (b) To such Borrower s knowledge, the Unencumbered Property and the present use and occupancy thereof are in material compliance with all applicable zoning ordinances (without reliance upon adjoining or other properties), building codes, land use and Environmental Laws.
 (c) The Unencumbered Property is served by all utilities required for the current use thereof. All utility service is provided by public utilities and the Unencumbered Property has accepted or is equipped to accept such utility service.
 (d) Except with respect to Assets Under Development, all public roads and streets necessary for service of and access to the Unencumbered Property for the current use thereof have been completed, are serviceable and all-weather and are physically and legally open for use by the public. 
 
 (e) The Unencumbered Property is served by public water and sewer systems or, if the Unencumbered Property is not serviced by a public water and sewer system, such alternate systems are adequate and meet, in all material respects, all requirements and regulations of, and otherwise complies in all material respects with, all Applicable Laws with respect to such alternate systems.
 (f) Such Borrower is not aware of any material latent or patent structural defect in the Unencumbered Property. The Unencumbered Property is free of damage and waste that would materially and adversely affect the value of the Unencumbered Property (other than any casualty loss being handled in accordance with the Loan Documents or condemnation proceedings being handled in accordance with Loan Documents) and is in adequate repair for its intended use. The Unencumbered Property is free from material damage caused by fire or other casualty (other than any casualty loss being handled in accordance with the Loan Documents). There is no pending or, to the actual knowledge of any Borrower, threatened condemnation proceedings affecting the Unencumbered Property, or any material part thereof, in each case that would materially detract from the value of such Unencumbered Property, impair the use or operation thereof, or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of any Loan Party.
 (g) To such Borrower s knowledge, all liquid and solid waste disposal, septic and sewer systems located on the Unencumbered Property are in a condition and repair adequate for its intended use and, to such Borrower s knowledge, in material compliance with all Applicable Laws with respect to such systems.

 121 

(h) All improvements on the Unencumbered Property lie within the boundaries and building restrictions of the legal description of record of the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property, no such improvements encroach upon easements benefiting the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property and no improvements on adjoining properties encroach upon the Unencumbered Property or easements benefiting the Unencumbered Property other than encroachments that do not materially adversely affect the use or occupancy of the Unencumbered Property. All access routes that materially benefit the Unencumbered Property are available to the Company or the applicable Subsidiary of the Company, constitute permanent easements that benefit all or part of the Unencumbered Property or are public property, and the Unencumbered Property, by virtue of such easements or otherwise, is contiguous to a physically open, dedicated all weather public street, and has any necessary permits for ingress and egress.
 (i) There are no material delinquent taxes, ground rents, water charges, sewer rents, assessments, insurance premiums, leasehold payments, or other outstanding charges affecting the Unencumbered Property except to the extent such items are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided.
 (j) Each Unencumbered Property satisfies each of the requirements set forth in the definition of Unencumbered Property .
 A breach of any of the representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.19 with respect to a Property shall disqualify such Property from being an Unencumbered Property for so long as such breach continues (unless otherwise approved by the Required Lenders) but shall not constitute a Default (unless the elimination of such Property as an Unencumbered Property results in a Default under one of the other provisions of this Agreement). 5.20 OFAC . Neither the Company, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, any director, officer, employee, agent, affiliate or representative thereof, is an individual or entity that is, or is 10 or more owned or controlled by, one or more individuals or entities that are (i) currently the subject or target of any Sanctions, (ii) included on OFAC s List of Specially Designated Nationals, HMT s Consolidated List of Financial Sanctions Targets or any similar list enforced by any other relevant sanctions authority or (iii) located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. The representations set forth in this Section 5.20 do not apply to any shareholders of a public reporting company. Neither the making of the Loans any Credit Extensions nor the use of the proceeds thereof will violate the PATRIOT Act, the Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, or any of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 C.F.R., Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) or any enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto or successor statute thereto. The Company and its Subsidiaries are in compliance in all material respects with the PATRIOT Act. The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses are in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Sanctions and have instituted and maintained maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such Sanctions.
 
 122 

5.21 Anti-Corruption . The Company and its Subsidiaries have conducted their businesses are in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and have instituted and maintained maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws.
 5.22 Solvency . The Company is Solvent, and the Company, each other Loan Party, and the other members of the Consolidated Group, on a consolidated basis, are Solvent.
 
 5.23 Affected Financial Institutions . No Loan Party is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 5.24 Covered Entities . No Loan Party is a Covered Entity. 5.25 Representations as to Foreign Obligors . (a) Each Foreign Obligor is subject to civil and commercial Laws with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party (collectively as to such Foreign Obligor, the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents ), and the execution, delivery and performance by such Foreign Obligor of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents constitute and will constitute private and commercial acts and not public or governmental acts. Neither such Foreign Obligor nor any of its property has any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether through service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution, execution or otherwise) under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing in respect of its obligations under the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents.
 (b) The Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents are in proper legal form under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Obligor is organized and existing for the enforcement thereof against such Foreign Obligor under the Laws of such jurisdiction, and to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents. It is not necessary to ensure the legality, validity, enforceability, priority or admissibility in evidence of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents that the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents be filed, registered or recorded with, or executed or notarized before, any court or other authority in the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing or that any registration charge or stamp or similar tax be paid on or in respect of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or any other document, except for (i) any such filing, registration, recording, execution or notarization as has been made or is not required to be made until the Applicable Foreign Obligor Document or any other document is sought to be enforced and (ii) any charge or tax as has been timely paid.
 
 (c) There is no tax, levy, impost, duty, fee, assessment or other governmental charge, or any deduction or withholding, imposed by any Governmental Authority in or of the jurisdiction in which any Foreign Obligor is organized and existing either (i) on or by virtue of the execution 

 123 

or delivery of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents or (ii) on any payment to be made by such Foreign Obligor pursuant to the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents, except as has been disclosed to the Administrative Agent.
 
 (d) The execution, delivery and performance of the Applicable Foreign Obligor Documents executed by such Foreign Obligor are, under applicable foreign exchange control regulations of the jurisdiction in which such Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, not subject to any notification or authorization except (i) such as have been made or obtained or (ii) such as cannot be made or obtained until a later date (provided that any notification or authorization described in clause (ii) shall be made or obtained as soon as is reasonably practicable).
 ARTICLE 2. ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , and 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Subsidiary and the Trust to: 6.01 Financial Statements and Other Information . The Company will furnish Furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender:
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 120 days after the close of each fiscal year, for the Consolidated Group, audited financial statements, including a consolidated balance sheet as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, without a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, prepared by KPMG LLC or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing;
 (b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than 60 days after the close of each of the first three fiscal quarters and not later than 90 days after the close of the last fiscal quarter of any fiscal year, for the Consolidated Group, an unaudited internally prepared consolidated balance sheet as of the close of each such period and the related unaudited internally prepared consolidated statements of income and retained earnings and of cash flows of the Consolidated Group for such period and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such period, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous year, all certified by the Company s chief financial officer or chief accounting officer;
 
 (c) concurrently with any delivery of financial statements under clause (a) or (b) above, a Compliance Certificate (i) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (ii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating whether the Company is in compliance with Sections 7.02 and 7.09 , including an update of Schedule 5.19 listing all of the 

 124 

Unencumbered Properties as of such date, and (iii) stating whether any material change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the Audited Financial Statements referred to in Section 5.05 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the financial statements accompanying such certificate;
 
 (d) concurrently with the quarterly financial statements required under clause (b) above, a schedule of the Unencumbered Properties comprising the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value, summarizing total revenues, expenses, and Unencumbered Property NOI.
 
 (e) promptly following any request thereafter, copies of all periodic and regular reports, registration statements (without exhibits unless expressly requested by Administrative Agent) and prospectuses and all amendments thereto filed by the Trust, the Company or any Subsidiary with the SEC, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any or all of the functions of the SEC, or with any national securities exchange, or distributed by the Trust to its shareholders generally, as the case may be;
 
 (f) within 30 60 days after the close of each fiscal year, annual projections (cash flow and operating income) for the Company in a form and content reasonably acceptable to Administrative Agent;
 
 (g) promptly following any reasonable request therefor, provide information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money-laundering rules and regulations, including, without limitation, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and
 (h) promptly following any request therefor, such other information regarding the operations, business affairs and financial condition of the Trust, the Company or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a reasonable and customary request from the Administrative Agent or any Lender.
 The Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy its obligations under Sections 6.01(a) and (b) by filing with the SEC Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and such other reports on other forms as may be appropriate at such times and in accordance with the SEC s rules and the instructions accompanying such forms. Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) or (b) or Section 6.01(e) (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Company posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Company s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Company s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether 
 125 

sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Company shall deliver paper copies of such documents to the Administrative Agent or any Lender upon its request to the Company to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by the Administrative Agent or such Lender and (ii) the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender (by facsimile or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request by a Lender for delivery, and each Lender shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 6.02 Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default; 
 (b) of any matter that has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect, including any of the following that has resulted in a Material Adverse Effect: (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary; (ii) any action, suit, dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension involving the Company or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority (including, without limitation pursuant to anti-money laundering Laws); or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws;
 
 (c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect;
 (d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Company or any Subsidiary, including any determination by the Company referred to in Section 2.10(b) ; and
 (e) of any announcement by Moody s, S P or Fitch Inc. of any change in any existing debt rating of the Company or the Trust.
 Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.02 (other than Section 6.02(e) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.02(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 6.03 Payment of Taxes . Pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable 

 126 

all tax liabilities, assessments and governmental charges or levies upon it or its properties or assets, unless (a) the same are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP are being maintained by the Company or such Subsidiary or (b) the failure to do so would not have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 6.04 Preservation of Existence, Etc. (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.03 ; (b) take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 
 6.05 Maintenance of Properties . Maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted; provided that this Section 6.05 shall not prevent the Company or any Subsidiary from discontinuing the operation and the maintenance of any of its properties if such discontinuance is desirable in the conduct of its business and the Company has concluded that such discontinuance would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 6.06 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with insurance companies not Affiliates of the Company that the Company reasonably believes to be financially sound and reputable, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts as are customarily carried under similar circumstances by such other Persons.
 
 6.07 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
 6.08 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account, in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Trust, the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be.
 6.09 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and inspect any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public 

 127 

accountants (provided the Company is given the opportunity to be present for such discussions), all at such reasonable times during normal business hours and as often as may be reasonably desired, upon reasonable advance notice to the Company; provided, however , that unless an Event of Default exists the Company shall not be required to pay for such inspection.
 6.10 Use of Proceeds and Letters of Credit . The Letters of Credit and Use the proceeds of the Loans will be used Credit Extensions only for general business purposes of the Company (including, but not limited to debt refinancing, property acquisitions, new construction, renovations, capital expenditures, expansions, tenant improvement, leasing commissions, refinancing of existing lines, financing acquisition of Investments permitted under Section 7.02 , dividends, redemptions and closing costs and equity investments primarily associated with commercial real estate property acquisitions or refinancings) not in contravention of any Law or of any Loan Document . No part of the proceeds of any Loan will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation by any Person of any of the Regulations of the FRB, including Regulations T, U and X.
 
 6.11 REIT Status . The Trust will at all times comply with all applicable provisions of the Code necessary to allow the Trust to qualify for status as a real estate investment trust.
 
 6.12 Subsidiary Guarantees . The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that owns a Property that is included as an Unencumbered Property and so designated by the Company for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement on the Closing Date, if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the most immediate parent(s) of such Subsidiary that are Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (if any) (each parent an Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor )), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty as required under Article IV above. For any Property added to the pool of Unencumbered Properties after the date hereof (unless owned by a Loan Party or an Exchange Fee Titleholder), the Company shall cause the Subsidiary owning such Unencumbered Property, if it is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor(s) of such Subsidiary (if any)), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date that such Property is included as an Unencumbered Property for purposes of determining Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement, a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty, together with supporting organizational and authority documents and opinions similar to those provided with respect to the Company and the initial Subsidiary Guarantors under Section 4.01 . If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder to be included as an Unencumbered Property, then the Subsidiary of the Company that is master leasing such Property shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period of time that the exchange is pending. If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Property Owner to be included as an Unencumbered Property during the period of time that the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests are being marketed, then the Exchange Depositor or the Subsidiary owning tenant in common interests that have not been sold, as the case may be, shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period 

 128 

of time (not to exceed 24 months) during which the sale of Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests is pending, but only for so long as such Property remains an Unencumbered Property. For Unencumbered Properties owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder, upon completion or termination of the reverse exchange, if the Company desires the applicable Property to remain an Unencumbered Property, the Company, or a Subsidiary of the Company shall acquire all of the ownership interests of the Exchange Fee Titleholder or title to such Unencumbered Property and at such time the entity that was previously the Exchange Fee Titleholder, but has become a Subsidiary of the Company, or if fee title is acquired, the Subsidiary acquiring fee title will execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and become a Subsidiary Guarantor, and the entity that had previously been master leasing such Property shall be automatically released from the Subsidiary Guaranty. 
 6.13 Release of Guarantors . The Subsidiary Guarantors may be released at the request of the Company once the Company or the Trust receives Investment Grade Ratings from two of S P, Moody s or Fitch, provided that such Subsidiary Guarantors are also released from any other unsecured debt or guaranties of Indebtedness. Following such release, any Subsidiary that (x) owns any property that is an Unencumbered Property and (y) has any outstanding recourse Indebtedness shall be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor in order for such property to be treated as an Unencumbered Property. In addition, once the Company or the Trust receives Investment Grade Ratings from two of S P, Moody s or Fitch, the Subsidiary or master lessee if such property is owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder owning any Unencumbered Property shall no longer be required to be a Subsidiary Guarantor unless such entity has outstanding recourse indebtedness.
 A Subsidiary Guarantor shall be automatically released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if (i) there is no Event of Default (or event which, upon expiration of an applicable cure period, will become an Event of Default), and (ii) the Company delivers an updated Compliance Certificate to Administrative Agent demonstrating compliance with all financial covenants contained in Section 7.09(f) , (g) and (h) of this Agreement without the inclusion of the Unencumbered Property owned by such Subsidiary (or Exchange Fee Titleholder if the Subsidiary Guarantor is the master lessee) in the calculation of the Company s compliance with any of the foregoing covenants pertaining to Unencumbered Properties, and representing and warranting that based on the information as of the end or the prior quarter, but without counting the Unencumbered Property owned by the Subsidiary Guarantor being released (or owned by the Exchange Fee Titleholder if the Subsidiary Guarantor being released is the master lessee) as an Unencumbered Property, the Company will continue to comply with all of the financial covenants in this Agreement upon release of such Unencumbered Property and such Subsidiary Guarantor. A Subsidiary that became a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty because it was master leasing a Property owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder shall be released in accordance with Section 6.12 upon delivery of a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty by the Exchange Fee Titleholder once it becomes a Subsidiary of the Company, or an election by the Company to cause such Property to cease to be an Unencumbered Property in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. A Subsidiary that became a party to the Subsidiary Guaranty because it was an Exchange Depositor or a Subsidiary owning tenant in common interests that have not been sold with respect to an Exchange Property shall be released in accordance with Section 6.12 upon the earlier of the end of the marketing period described therein or 24 months, at which point such Property shall cease to be an Unencumbered Property or an election by the Company to cause such Property to cease to be an Unencumbered Property in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall, from time to time, upon request from the Company, execute and 
 129 

deliver to the Company a written acknowledgement that a Subsidiary Guarantor has been released from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty and the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to deliver such acknowledgement. 6.14 Investor Guaranties . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders have agreed to accept from time to time, upon the request of the Company, one or more Investor Guaranties. No Investor Guarantor shall be a person with whom Administrative Agent or any Lender is prohibited by applicable law from doing business, and the Company shall deliver such information as Administrative Agent may reasonably request to verify the foregoing.
 6.15 Anti-Corruption Laws; Sanctions. Conduct its businesses in compliance in all material respects with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other applicable anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions and with all applicable Sanctions, and maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve compliance with such laws and Sanctions.
 
 6.16 Approvals and Authorizations. Maintain all authorizations, consents, approvals and licenses from, exemptions of, and filings and registrations with, each Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Foreign Obligor is organized and existing, and all approvals and consents of each other Person in such jurisdiction, in each case that are required in connection with the Loan Documents.
 ARTICLE 3. ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder, any Loan or other Obligation (other than unasserted contingent indemnification obligations) hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit the Trust or any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly: 7.01 Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any Unencumbered Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than Permitted Encumbrances.
 7.02 Investments . Make any Investments other than commercial Properties, Cash Equivalents, deposit accounts and securities accounts (and investments in Subsidiaries that own such Investments) maintained in the ordinary course of business, except that an aggregate 35 of Total Asset Value, subject to individual limits set forth below, may be invested in the following categories of assets (and investments in Persons that own such assets):
 
 (a) Ownership of unimproved land on which no material improvements have been commenced up to 5 of Total Asset Value;
 (b) Ownership of Assets Under Development (which for this purpose shall be the book value plus the budgeted cost to complete) up to 10 of Total Asset Value;
 (c) Ownership of First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments up to 17.5 

 130 

of Total Asset Value;
 (d) Exchange Debt Investments up to 12.5 of Total Asset Value; (e) Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates (including real estate funds or privately held companies) up to 15 of Total Asset Value; and (f) Investments in Public REIT Securities up to 10 of Total Asset Value. In the event that any Investments exceed the maximum amounts set forth above, such excess Investments shall not constitute a Default but shall be excluded from the calculation of the financial covenants in Section 7.09 . 7.03 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to or in favor of any Person (including, in each case, pursuant to a Division), except that, so long as no Default exists or would result therefrom:
 
 (a) any Person may merge or consolidate with or into (i) the Company or the Trust, provided that the Company or the Trust, as applicable, shall be the continuing or surviving Person and there is no Change of Control, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries, including newly formed Subsidiaries, provided that (x) when any Subsidiary that is a Borrower is merging or consolidating with or into another Subsidiary that is not a Borrower, the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person and (y) when any Subsidiary Guarantor is merging or consolidating with or into another Subsidiary that is not a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor, the Subsidiary Guarantor shall be the continuing or surviving Person;
 (b) any Subsidiary may dissolve or liquidate, or Dispose of any, all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise), and the Company may Dispose of any or all of its direct or indirect Equity Interests in any Subsidiary, provided that if such Subsidiary owns a Property that had been included as an Unencumbered Property the Company must be in compliance with all of its covenants hereunder without including such Property as an Unencumbered Property after giving effect to such disposition and taking into account any consideration received and/or Indebtedness repaid in connection therewith; and
 (c) the Company or Trust may enter into a merger in which such entity is the survivor. 7.04 Restricted Payments . Make any Restricted Payments without the consent of the Required Lenders at any time during which an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under clause (c) of Section 8.01 is continuing, except to the extent necessary for the Trust to maintain its status as a real estate investment trust.

 131 

7.05 Change in Nature of Business . Engage to any material extent in any business if, as a result, the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, would then be engaged would be substantially changed from the general nature of the business in which the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are engaged on the date of this Agreement.
 7.06 Transactions with Affiliates . Sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to the Company or such Subsidiary than could be obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Company and its Subsidiaries not involving any other Affiliate, (c) Restricted Payments permitted by Section 7.04 and (d) pursuant to each of the agreements listed on Schedule 7.06 attached hereto together with any amendment, modification, renewal, replacement or similar agreement entered into on terms which are not materially less favorable (taken as a whole) to the Company or the Trust than the agreements set forth on Schedule 7.06 .
 7.07 Sanctions [Reserved] . Permit any Loan or the proceeds of any Loan, directly or indirectly, (a) to be lent, contributed or otherwise made available to fund any activity or business in any Designated Jurisdiction, (b) to knowingly fund any activity or business of any Person located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or who is the subject of any Sanctions, or (c) in any other manner that will knowingly result in any violation by any Person (including any Lender, any Arranger, the Administrative Agent or the L/C Issuer) of any Sanctions .
 
 7.08 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the FRB) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose.
 7.09 Financial Covenants . (a) Consolidated Tangible Net Worth . Permit Consolidated Tangible Net Worth as of the last day of any fiscal quarter to be less than 824,392,000 plus seventy percent (70 of the aggregate net proceeds received by the Company or the Trust (net of reasonable related fees and expenses and net of any redemption of shares, units or other ownership interests in the Company or the Trust during such period in connection with any offering of stock or other equity after September 30, 2021.
 
 (b) Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio . Permit the Consolidated Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to be less than 1.5 to 1.0 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, determined based on information for the most recent quarter annualized.
 
 132 

(c) Consolidated Leverage Ratio . Permit Consolidated Leverage Ratio to be more than sixty percent (60 as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, provided that the Consolidated Leverage Ratio may increase to up to sixty five percent (65 for up to four (4) consecutive fiscal quarters commencing with the fiscal quarter during which a Material Acquisition occurs; provided further that in no event shall the Consolidated Leverage Ratio exceed sixty five percent (65 at any time or exceed sixty percent (60 for more than four consecutive fiscal quarters in any consecutive five fiscal quarter period.
 
 (d) Secured Indebtedness . Permit Total Secured Indebtedness to exceed fifty percent (50 of Total Asset Value as of the last day of any fiscal quarter.
 (e) Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio . Permit the Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio to be less than 2.0 1.75 to 1.0 1.00 at any date of determination.
 (f) Maximum Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio . Permit the Unencumbered Asset Pool Leverage Ratio on the date of determination to be more than sixty-five percent (65 ).
 (g) Unencumbered Property Pool Criteria . The Company shall comply with the following requirements regarding Unencumbered Properties:
 (i) No single Unencumbered Property shall account for more than twenty five percent (25 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value except that with respect to any Property leased to tenant(s) with an Investment Grade Rating, any such Property may account for up to thirty percent (30 of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value;
 (ii) The percentage of Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Unencumbered Property NOI from a single tenant shall not exceed thirty percent (30 if the tenant has an Investment Grade Rating (or another comparable tenant reasonably approved by the Required Lenders for treatment as an investment grade tenant for the purpose of this provision) and twenty percent (20 for all other tenants;
 
 (iii) No single metropolitan statistical area shall comprise more than thirty- five percent (35 of the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value; 
 (iv) The percentage of the Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Other Debt Investments shall not exceed seven and one half percent (7.5 or to First Mortgage Investments and Other Debt Investments in the aggregate shall not exceed seventeen and one half percent (17.5 );
 (v) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Exchange 
 133 

Debt Investments shall not exceed twelve and one half percent (12.5 ); 
 (vi) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Exchange Properties that are not 100 owned by the Exchange Depositor shall not exceed fifteen percent (15 600,000,000 ; and
 
 (vii) The Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value attributable to Unencumbered Properties located in Non-US Jurisdictions shall not exceed twenty percent (20 ). 
 Any amounts in excess of the limitations above shall be disregarded for purposes of determining Total Unencumbered Property Pool Value and Unencumbered Property NOI, but shall not constitute a Default hereunder. 
 7.10 Exchange Property; Exchange Fee Titleholders . For purposes of calculation of the applicable financial covenants set forth in Section 7.09 , the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be given credit for Exchange Properties and properties held by an Exchange Fee Titleholder pursuant to an exchange that qualifies, qualified or is intended to qualify as a reverse exchange under Section 1031 of the Code (including in the event any such property is subject to a mortgage in favor of, or for the benefit of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) as described herein.
 7.11 Changes to Advisory Agreement . Except to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 7.06(a) above, amend, supplement or otherwise modify in any material respect the Advisory Agreement on terms which are materially less favorable to the Trust than the terms prior to such amendment or supplement (considering all such amendments and supplements taken as a whole) without the prior written consent of the Required Lenders (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld). Solely for purposes of Section 7.06(a)-(d) , the Advisory Agreement shall be considered an agreement with an Affiliate.
 7.12 Sanctions . Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of any Credit Extension, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person , (a) to fund any activities or business in any Designated Jurisdiction, (b) to fund any activities of or business with any Person , that is located, organized or residing in any Designated Jurisdiction or , at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or (c) in any other manner that will result in a violation by any Person (including any Person, participating in the transaction, whether as Lender, Arranger, Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer, or otherwise) of Sanctions or of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other similar anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions .
 
 7.13 Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or, to its knowledge, indirectly use the proceeds of any Credit Extension for any purpose which would breach the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and other anti-corruption legislation in other jurisdictions. 
 
 134 

ARTICLE 4. ARTICLE VIII. EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 8.01 Events of Default . Any of the following shall constitute an event of default (each an Event of Default ):
 (a) Non-Payment . The Company or any other Loan Party fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein and in the currency required hereunder (taking into account Section 2.12(a) ), any amount of principal of any Loan or any L/C Obligation, or (ii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan or on any L/C Obligation, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five days after written notice of such failure, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or
 (b) Specific Covenants . (i) The Company or any other Loan Party fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 6.04 (with respect to the Company s existence), 6.10 , 7.02 , 7.03 , 7.04 , 7.05 , 7.06 , 7.07, or 7.09 or 7.12 or (ii) any Guarantor fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in the applicable Guaranty or the Company fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Section 7.01 or 7.08 and, in each case, such failure continues for 15 days after the Company s knowledge of such failure; or
 
 (c) Other Defaults . Any Loan Party fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for 30 days after written notice from the Administrative Agent provided that such period shall be extended for up to an additional 30 days so long as such breach is reasonably susceptible of cure within such additional period and the Company diligently and in good faith continues to attempt to cure such breach; or
 (d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party herein, in any other Loan Document, or in any document delivered by or on behalf of the Company or any other Loan Party pursuant to the requirements contained herein, shall be materially incorrect or materially misleading when made or deemed made; or
 (e) Cross-Default . Any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or an event or condition has occurred at the time of the determination of default under this clause (e) that enables or permits (with or without the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both) the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided, that this clause (e) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; or
 
 135 

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc. Any Loan Party institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for 90 calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for 90 calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or
 
 (g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Company or any Loan Party becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they become due, or
 (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within 30 days after its issue or levy; or 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Company or any Loan Party (i) one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding 25,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage), or (ii) any one or more non-monetary final judgments that have, or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect and, in either case, (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of 60 consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise is not in effect, but only if the Company or the applicable party has not paid such judgment or otherwise set aside such judgment within 30 days after the commencement of enforcement proceedings; or
 (i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (ii) the Company or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of 25,000,000; or
 (j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or any Loan Party or any other Person contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any Loan Document; or any Loan Party denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any Loan Document; or
 (k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 
 136 

8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions:
 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated;
 
 (b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower;
 
 (c) require that the Borrowers Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations (in an amount equal to the then Outstanding Amount thereof); and
 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers all rights and remedies available to it, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under the Loan Documents;
 provided, however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to any Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans and any obligation of each L/C Issuer to make L/C Credit Extensions shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable, and the obligation of the Borrowers to Cash Collateralize the L/C Obligations as aforesaid shall automatically become effective, in each case without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable and the L/C Obligations have automatically been required to be Cash Collateralized as set forth in the proviso to Section 8.02 ), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Sections 2.16 and 2.17 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III then due and payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal, interest and Letter of Credit Fees) then due and payable to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders and the L/C Issuers (including fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender or any L/C Issuer) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them 
 137 

Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid Letter of Credit Fees and interest on the Loans, L/C Borrowings and other Obligations then due and payable, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; Fourth , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting unpaid principal of the Loans and L/C Borrowings, ratably among the Lenders and the L/C Issuer in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Fourth held by them; Fifth , to the Administrative Agent for the account of the applicable L/C Issuers, to Cash Collateralize that portion of L/C Obligations comprised of the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit to the extent not otherwise Cash Collateralized by the Borrowers pursuant to Sections 2.03 and 2.16 ; and Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations then due and payable have been paid in full, to the Company or as otherwise required by Law. Subject to Sections 2.03(c) and 2.16 , amounts used to Cash Collateralize the aggregate undrawn amount of Letters of Credit pursuant to clause Fifth above shall be applied to satisfy drawings under such Letters of Credit as they occur. If any amount remains on deposit as Cash Collateral after all Letters of Credit have either been fully drawn or expired, such remaining amount shall be applied to the other Obligations, if any, in the order set forth above. ARTICLE 5. ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 9.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders and the L/C Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, and neither the Company nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any Applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties.
 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, own securities of, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial, advisory, underwriting or other business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or 

 138 

other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders or to provide notice or consent of the Lenders with respect thereto.
 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent or the Arrangers, as applicable, shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent or the Arrangers, as applicable, and its Related Parties:
 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing;
 
 (b) may, but shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its reasonable opinion or the reasonable opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or Applicable Law, including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; 
 
 (c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty or responsibility to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, to any Lender or any L/C Issuer, any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any of the Loan Parties or any of their Affiliates, that is communicated to, obtained or in the possession of, the Administrative Agent, Arrangers or any of their Related Parties in any capacity, except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent herein; shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or (ii) in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. Except for knowledge of a Default under Section 8.01(a) , the Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Company, a Lender or an L/C Issuer; and 
 
 139 

(d) shall not be responsible for or have any duty or obligation to any Lender or participant or any other Person to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default,
 (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent; 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance, extension, renewal or increase of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an L/C Issuer, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such L/C Issuer unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such L/C Issuer prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the written advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts.
 
 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article IX shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents.
 9.06 Resignation or Removal of Administrative Agent . (a) The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Company. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the reasonable consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with 

 140 

an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Resignation Effective Date ), then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) on behalf of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Resignation Effective Date. If the initial Administrative Agent at any time is no longer a Lender then the Administrative Agent will upon the request of the Company made with the consent of the Required Lenders, which the Company may make so long as no Event of Default exists and is continuing, resign as Administrative Agent in which event a new Administrative Agent shall be appointed in accordance with the terms hereof.
 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, or if there is cause (which shall be gross negligence or willful misconduct by such Person), the Required Lenders may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, by notice in writing to the Company and such Person, remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the reasonable consent of the Company so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, appoint a successor. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within 30 days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Required Lenders) (the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date.
 
 (c) With effect from the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date (as applicable) (1) the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents arising from and after such date (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders or the L/C Issuers under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each L/C Issuer directly, until such time, if any, as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above. Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or removed) Administrative Agent (other than as provided in Section 3.01( g i and other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent as of the Resignation Effective Date or the Removal Effective Date, as applicable), and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Company to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Company and such 

 141 

successor. After the retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring or removed Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent, and (ii) after such resignation or removal for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity as Administrative Agent hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent.
 (d) Any resignation or removal of by Bank of America as Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.06 shall also constitute its resignation or removal as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto, including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) . Upon the appointment by the Company of a successor L/C Issuer hereunder (which successor shall in all cases be a Lender other than a Defaulting Lender), 
 (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, (b) the retiring or removed L/C Issuer shall be discharged from all of their respective duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and (c) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 9.07 Non-Reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Other Lenders . Each Lender and each L/C Issuer expressly acknowledges that none of the Administrative Agent nor any Arranger has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger hereafter taken, including any consent to, and acceptance of any assignment or review of the affairs of any Loan Party of any Affiliate thereof, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by the Administrative Agent or any Arranger to any Lender or any L/C Issuer as to any matter, including whether the Administrative Agent or any Arranger have disclosed material information in their (or their Related Parties possession. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents to the Administrative Agent and each Arranger that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis of, appraisal of, and investigation into, the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and all applicable bank or other regulatory Laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to the Borrowers hereunder. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, any Arranger, any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform 

 142 

itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender or an L/C Issuer for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or L/C Issuer, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such L/C Issuer, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities.
 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Bookrunners, Arrangers, Syndication Agents or Documentation Agents listed on the cover page hereof shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent, a Lender or an L/C Issuer hereunder.
 
 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan or L/C Obligation shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on any Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans, L/C Obligations and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the L/C Issuers and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.03(i) and (j) , 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 
 (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender and each L/C Issuer to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 .
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or any L/C Issuer any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of 
 143 

any Lender or any L/C Issuer to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or any L/C Issuer in any such proceeding. 9.10 Lender Reply Period . All communications from the Administrative Agent to Lenders requesting Lenders determination, consent or approval (i) shall be given in the form of a written notice to each Lender, (ii) shall be accompanied by a description of the matter as to which such determination, consent or approval is requested, (iii) shall include a legend substantially as follows, printed in capital letters or boldface type:
 THIS COMMUNICATION REQUIRES IMMEDIATE RESPONSE. FAILURE TO RESPOND WITHIN TEN (10) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER THE DELIVERY OF THIS COMMUNICATION SHALL CONSTITUTE A DEEMED APPROVAL BY THE ADDRESSEE OF THE MATTER DESCRIBED ABOVE. and (iv) shall include Administrative Agent s recommended course of action or determination in respect thereof. Each Lender shall reply promptly to any such request, but in any event within ten (10) Business Days after the delivery of such request by the Administrative Agent (the Lender Reply Period ). Unless a Lender shall give written notice to the Administrative Agent that it objects to the recommendation or determination of Administrative Agent (together with a written explanation of the reasons behind such objection) within the Lender Reply Period, such Lender shall be deemed to have approved of or consented to such recommendation or determination. With respect to decisions requiring the approval of the Required Lenders or all Lenders, Administrative Agent shall timely submit any required written notices to all Lenders and upon receiving the required approval or consent shall follow the course of action or determination recommended by Administrative Agent or such other course of action recommended by the Required Lenders or all of the Lenders, as the case may be, and each non-responding Lender shall be deemed to have concurred with such recommended course of action. Nothing in this Section 9.10 shall restrict the Administrative Agent from requesting a reply to a request for an approval in less than ten Business Days but the deemed approval provided in this Section 9.10 shall not apply until the expiration of a ten Business Day period. 9.11 Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true:
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement,
 
 144 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96- 23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection 
 (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender.
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a) , such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Loan Party, that none of the Administrative Agent or any Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto).
 9.12 Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 
 Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender Recipient Party, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by any Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender Recipient Party receiving 
 145 

a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender Recipient Party in Same Day Funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the applicable Overnight Rate. Each Lender Recipient Party irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender Recipient Party promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender Recipient Party comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. . 9.13 Guaranty Matters . Without limiting the provisions of Section 9.09 , the Lenders and the L/C Issuers irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion, to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty if such Person ceases to be a Subsidiary as a result of a transaction permitted under the Loan Documents. Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to this Section 9.13 . ARTICLE 6. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.01 Amendments, Etc. Subject to Section 2.02(g), Section 3.03 and the last paragraph of this Section 10.01 , no amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Company or any other Loan Party therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Company or the applicable Loan Party, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided, however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall:
 
 (a) waive any condition set forth in Section 4.01(a) without the written consent of each Lender; 
 (b) without limiting the generality of clause (a) above, waive, amend or modify any condition set forth in Section 4.02 as to any Credit Extension under a particular Facility without the written consent of the Required Revolving Lenders, the Required Term A-1 Lenders, the Required Term A-2 Lenders or the Required Tranche Lenders, as the case may be;
 
 (c) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender;
 
 (d) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender 

 146 

directly affected thereby (except as provided in Section 2.14 );
 (e) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan or L/C Borrowing, or (subject to clause (iii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided, however , that only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary (i) to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrowers to pay interest or Letter of Credit Fees at the Default Rate or (ii) to amend or waive any financial covenant hereunder (or any defined term used therein) even if the effect of such amendment would be to reduce the rate of interest on any Loan or L/C Borrowing or to reduce any fee payable hereunder;
 (f) (i) modify Section 2.13 or 8.03 or any other provision hereof in a manner that would have the effect of altering the ratable reduction of Commitments or the pro rata sharing of payments otherwise required hereunder or (ii) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness or other obligation, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; provided , that with the consent of the Required Lenders, such terms and provisions may be amended on customary terms in connection with an amend and extend transaction, but only if all Lenders that consent to such amend and extend transaction are treated on a pro rata basis;
 
 (g) change the definition of Applicable Percentage or Applicable Revolving Credit Percentage 
 
 (h) change (i) any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder (other than the definitions specified in clause (ii) of this Section 10.01(h) ), without the written consent of each Lender or (ii) the definition of Required Revolving Lenders , Required Term A-1 Lenders , Required Term A-2 Lenders or Required Tranche Lenders without the written consent of each Lender under the applicable Facility or Tranche;
 
 (i) release the Trust as a Guarantor or, except as permitted by Section 6.13 , release all or substantially all of the Subsidiary Guarantors without the written consent of each Lender;
 
 (j) release (i) the Company (from its obligations as a Borrower or as a Guarantor hereunder) or (ii) any Designated Borrower, except in connection with the termination of a Designated Borrower s status as such under Section 2.19 , without the consent of each Lender;
 (k) amend Section 1.09 or the definition of Alternative Currency without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or
 
 (l) impose any greater restriction on the ability of any Lender under a Facility or 

 147 

Tranche to assign any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the written consent of (i) if such Facility is the Term A-1 Facility, the Required Term A-1 Lenders, (ii) if such Facility is the Term A-2 Facility, the Required Term A-2 Lenders, (iii) if such Facility is the Revolving Credit Facility, the Required Revolving Lenders, and (iv) if with respect to a Tranche, the Required Tranche Lenders;

and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the L/C Issuers in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the L/C Issuers under this Agreement or any Issuer Document relating to any Letter of Credit issued or to be issued by it; (ii) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, (x) affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or (y) amend or modify, change, waive or consent to any departure from, or have the effect of amending modifying, changing , waiving or consent consenting to any departure from, Section 3.03 or , any term defined in such section or , any term defined in any other term section or provision in this Agreement relating to a Benchmark Replacement or SOFR, Daily Simple SOFR, Term SOFR, any Alternative Currency Daily Rate, any Alternative Currency Term Rate, any Relevant Rate or any Successor Rate, or any term or provision relating to the replacement of Relevant Rates any such rate or Successor Rates Rate ; (iii) the Fee Letter may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto; and (iv) the term L/C Commitment may be amended pursuant to a fully executed (and delivered to the Administrative Agent) Notice of Additional L/C Issuer. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, 
 (i) any amendment that would extend the Maturity Date with respect to Loans or Commitments, provide for any increased pricing (including fees) for any Lenders agreeing to extend their Loans or Commitments pursuant to the terms of such amendment and any corresponding modifications under this Agreement related thereto may be effected pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Company, the Administrative Agent, and the extending Lenders;
 
 (ii) no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended or the maturity of any of its Loans may not be extended (except as provided in Section 2.14 ), the rate of interest on any of its Loans may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Loans may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment, consent or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely relative to other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender; 
 
 (iii) this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the 

 148 

Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders and L/C Issuers affected thereby to amend the definition of Alternative Currency or Alternative Currency Daily Rate or Alternative Currency Term Rate or Section 1.09 solely to add additional currency options and the applicable interest rate with respect thereto, in each case solely to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 1.09 ;
 
 (iv) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be amended or amended and restated without the consent of any Lender (but with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent) if, upon giving effect to such amendment or amendment and restatement, such Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended or amended and restated), the Commitments of such Lender shall have terminated, such Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under this Agreement;
 (v) this Agreement may be amended with the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company (i) to add one or more additional term loan facilities to this Agreement subject to the limitations in Section 2.15 and to permit the extensions of credit and all related obligations and liabilities arising in connection therewith from time to time outstanding to share ratably (or on a basis subordinated to the existing Facilities hereunder) in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the obligations and liabilities from time to time outstanding in respect of the existing Facilities hereunder, and (ii) in connection with the foregoing, to permit, as deemed appropriate by the Administrative Agent, the Lenders providing such additional credit facilities to participate in any required vote or action required to be approved by the Required Lenders or by any other number, percentage or class of Lenders hereunder;
 
 (vi) the Administrative Agent and the Company may, without the consent of any Lender or any Loan Party then party hereto, amend this Agreement to add a Designated Borrower pursuant to a Designated Borrower Request and Assumption Agreement and Designated Borrower Notice;
 
 (vii) if the Administrative Agent and the Company acting together identify any ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect in any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (including the schedules and exhibits thereto), then the Administrative Agent and the Company shall be permitted to amend, modify or supplement such provision to cure such ambiguity, omission, mistake, typographical error or other defect, and such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement.
 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all 

 149 

notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by facsimile or electronic mail as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 
 (i) if to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and
 
 (ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, facsimile number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Company).
 Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b) . (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the L/C Issuers hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail, FpML messaging and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender or any L/C Issuer pursuant to Article II if such Lender or such L/C Issuer, as applicable, has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or the Company may each, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications.
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon actual receipt or the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice, email or 
 150 

communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c) The Platform . Each Borrower hereby acknowledges that the Administrative Agent and/or the Arrangers may, but shall not be obligated to, make available to the Lenders and L/C Issuers materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of such Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the borrower materials on IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, or another similar electronic transmission system (the Platform ). THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to any Borrower, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Company s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials or notices through the Platform, any other electronic platform or electronic messaging service, or through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided, however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to any Loan Party, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages).
 (d) Change of Address, Etc. Each of the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, facsimile or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Company, the Administrative Agent and each L/C Issuer. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, facsimile number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender.
 
 (e) Reliance by Administrative Agent, L/C Issuer and Lenders . The Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic or electronic notices, Committed Loan Notices, and Letter of Credit Applications) purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrowers shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each L/C Issuer, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities 

 151 

resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of any Borrower and reasonably relied on by such Person. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording.
 
 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . No failure by any Lender, any L/C Issuer or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided and provided under each other Loan Document are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by Law.
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Loan Parties or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided, however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any L/C Issuer from exercising the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as L/C Issuer) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (c) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (d) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to any Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided, further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) , (c) and (d) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) Costs and Expenses . The Company shall pay all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses (i) incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (including the reasonable and documented out of pocket fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated),
 (ii) customarily incurred by the L/C Issuers in connection with the issuance, amendment, extension, reinstatement or renewal of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder, provided that such expenses are customarily charged in connection with the issuance of the Letters 
 152 

of Credit and (iii) incurred by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer (including and limited to the fees, charges and disbursements of one outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers; provided , that in the event of a conflict between such outside counsel and the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any L/C Issuer, the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of one additional outside counsel engaged in respect of such conflict shall be paid by the Company), in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (A) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04 , or (B) in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b) Indemnification by the Company . The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each L/C Issuer, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee), and shall indemnify and hold harmless each Indemnitee from all fees and time charges and disbursements for attorneys who may be employees of any Indemnitee, incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby (including, the Indemnitee s reliance on any Communication executed using an Electronic Signature, or in the form of an Electronic Record), the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any L/C Issuer to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Company or any other Loan Party, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE 
 INDEMNITEE ; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim brought by the Company or any other Loan Party against an Indemnitee for breach in bad faith of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Company or such 
 153 

other Loan Party has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from a claim not involving an act or omission of the Company or any other Loan Party and that is brought by an Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than against the Administrative Agent or the co-lead arrangers in their capacities as such). This Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Company for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), any L/C Issuer or any Related Party of any of the foregoing, and without limiting the Company s obligation to do so, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), such L/C Issuer, or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such L/C Issuer in its capacity as such, or against any Related Party of any of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), or such L/C Issuer in connection with such capacity. The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) .
 
 (d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc. To the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, and acknowledges that no other Person shall have, any claim against any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction.
 (e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten Business Days after demand therefor.
 (f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 and the indemnity provisions of Section 10.02(e) shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent and the L/C Issuers, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations.
 
 154 

10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent, any L/C Issuer or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent, such L/C Issuer or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender and each L/C Issuer severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect in the applicable currency of such recovery or payment. The obligations of the Lenders and the L/C Issuers under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that neither the Company nor any other Loan Party may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement.
 (b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more Eligible Assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including all or a portion of its Commitments and the Loans (including for purposes of this subsection (b) , participations in L/C Obligations) at the time owing to it); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions:
 (i) Minimum Amounts . (A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the 

 155 

assigning Lender s Commitment under any Facility and/or the Loans at the time owing to it (in each case with respect to any Facility) or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and
 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section 10.06 , the aggregate amount of the Commitments (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the applicable Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 (and in integral multiples of 
 1,000,000 in excess thereof) unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Company otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed); provided, however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met. (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitments assigned;
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in addition:
 
 (A) the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that it shall not be unreasonable for the Company to withhold its consent to an assignment to a direct competitor of the Company, the Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof;
 (B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments in respect of 
 (1) any Term A-1 Commitment, Term A-2 Commitment or Revolving Credit Commitment if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender with a Commitment in respect of the applicable Facility, an Affiliate of such Lender or an 
 156 

Approved Fund with respect to such Lender or (2) any Term A-1 Loan or Term A- 2 Loan to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; and (C) the consent of each L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment that increases the obligation of the assignee to participate in exposure under one or more Letters of Credit (whether or not then outstanding); and
 (D) the consent of each L/C Issuer shall be required for any assignment in respect of a Dollar Tranche Commitment.
 
 (iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided, however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire.
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B) , or 
 (C) to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons). 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Company and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuer or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans and participations in Letters of Credit in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph (vi) , then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this 

 157 

Agreement until such compliance occurs.
 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (c) of this Section 10.06 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment; provided that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. No Person that acquires any interest in any rights or obligations of any Lender under this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.06(b) shall be entitled to receive any greater payments or greater benefits under Section 3.01 with respect to such interest than were available on the date of assignment to the assigning or transferring Lender from whom such Person acquired such interest (or, if there is a Change in Law occurring after the date such Person acquires such interest, no greater payments or greater benefits than would have been available to the assigning or transferring Lender under Sections 3.01 and 3.04 following such Change in Law if no such transfer or assignment had occurred). Upon request, the applicable Borrowers (at their expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection (b) shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 . 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non- fiduciary agent of the Borrowers (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it (or the equivalent thereof in electronic form) and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans and L/C Obligations owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by any Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, but with five (5) 

 158 

days prior notice (unless an Event of Default exists) to the Company and the Administrative Agent (the Participation Notice ), sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of one or more natural persons, a Defaulting Lender or the Company or any of the Company s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or any direct competitor of the Company, Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof, if but only if the Company notifies the applicable Lender within two (2) Business Days after receipt of the Participation Notice that the proposed participant is a direct competitor of the Company, Guarantors or any Affiliates of any thereof; unless in each case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitments and/or the Loans (including such Lender s participations in L/C Obligations) owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, 
 (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. The Administrative Agent shall have no responsibility for monitoring the notice requirement set forth above in this provision. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(g) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 ; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive (or, if there is a Change in Law occurring after the date such Participant acquires such interest, shall not be entitled to receive any greater payments under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 than would have been available to the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation following such Change in Law if no such transfer had occurred). Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Company s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Company to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or 
 159 

any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent demonstrable error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (e) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note, if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or any other central banking authority ; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto.
 (f) Resignation as L/C Issuer after Assignment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if at any time Bank of America or any L/C Issuer assigns all of its Revolving Credit Commitment and Revolving Credit Loans pursuant to subsection (b) above, Bank of America or such L/C Issuer, as the case may be, may, upon 30 days notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, resign as an L/C Issuer. In the event of any such resignation as an L/C Issuer, the Company shall be entitled to appoint from among the Lenders a successor L/C Issuer hereunder; provided, however , that no failure by the Company to appoint any such successor shall affect the resignation of Bank of America or the applicable L/C Issuer, as an L/C Issuer. If Bank of America or the applicable L/C Issuer resigns as an L/C Issuer, it shall retain all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of an L/C Issuer hereunder with respect to all Letters of Credit issued by it and outstanding as of the effective date of its resignation as an L/C Issuer and all L/C Obligations with respect thereto (including the right to require the Lenders to make Base Rate Loans or fund risk participations in Unreimbursed Amounts pursuant to Section 2.03(c) ). Upon the appointment of a successor L/C Issuer, (a) such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring L/C Issuer, and (b) the successor L/C Issuer shall issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangements satisfactory to Bank of America or the applicable retiring L/C Issuer to effectively assume the obligations of Bank of America or the applicable retiring L/C Issuer with respect to such Letters of Credit.
 
 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates, its auditors and its Related Parties (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent required or requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over such Person or its Related Parties (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by Applicable Law or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party hereto, (e) to the extent necessary in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any 

 160 

other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.07 , to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or any Eligible Assignee invited to be a Lender pursuant to Section 2.15(c) or (ii) any actual or prospective party (or its Related Parties) to any swap, derivative or other transaction under which payments are to be made by reference to any of the Borrowers and its obligations, this Agreement or payments hereunder, (g) on a confidential basis to (i) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided hereunder, (ii) the provider of any Platform or other electronic delivery service used by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer to deliver Information or notices to the Lenders hereunder or (iii) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the application, issuance, publishing and monitoring of CUSIP numbers or other market identifiers with respect to the credit facilities provided hereunder, (h)with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 , (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender, any L/C Issuer or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company or an Affiliate of the Company which source did not acquire such information as a result of a breach of this Section 10.07 or (z) is independently discovered or developed by a party hereto without utilizing any Information received from the Company or violating the terms of this Section 10.07 . In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors, similar service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the Commitments. For purposes of this Section 10.07 , Information means all information received in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereunder and thereunder by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer from or on behalf of the Company, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC or any of its or their respective affiliates or any joint venture or joint venture partner (each a Borrower Related Party relating to the Trust, any of its subsidiaries, any of its joint ventures or joint venture partners, Ares Commercial Real Estate Management LLC (solely in its capacity as advisor under the Advisory Agreement) or any of their respective businesses, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the L/C Issuer on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by a Borrower Related Party, provided that, in the case of information received from a Borrower Related Party after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information.
 Each of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the L/C Issuers acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Company or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with Applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each L/C Issuer and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time 

 161 

and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by Applicable Law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender, such L/C Issuer or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Company or any other Loan Party against any and all of the obligations of the Company or such Loan Party now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender or such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates, irrespective of whether or not such Lender, L/C Issuer or Affiliate shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Company or such Loan Party may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or such L/C Issuer different from the branch, office or Affiliate holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided , that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.17 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender, the L/C Issuer and their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender, such L/C Issuer or their respective Affiliates may have. Each Lender and each L/C Issuer agrees to notify the Company and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application.
 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 
 10.10 Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 , this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.
 
 162 

10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default at the time of any Credit Extension, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder (other than unasserted contingent obligations) shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied or any Letter of Credit shall remain outstanding.
 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited.
 
 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Company is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if a single Lender has given notice pursuant to Section 3.02 or is unable to determine or provide the Eurodollar Rate, the LIBOR Term SOFR, Daily Floating Rate Simple SOFR , any Alternative Currency Daily Rate or any Alternative Currency Term Rate under Section 3.03 , as applicable (it being agreed that if multiple Lenders have given that notice or are unable to determine or provide the Eurodollar Rate, the LIBOR Term SOFR, Daily Floating Rate Simple SOFR , any Alternative Currency Daily Rate or any Alternative Currency Term Rate, then the right to replace for that reason shall not apply), or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender or if any Lender is a Non- Consenting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender (for greater clarity, a Lender whose consent was not obtained, in the case of any proposed amendment, modification, termination, waiver or consent) and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that:
 (a) the Company shall have paid (or caused a Designated Borrower to pay) to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ;
 
 163 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of its Loans and L/C Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Sections 3.04 and 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) (in the case of all other amounts); (c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter;
 (d) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law; and (e) in the case of an assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply for reasons other than that such Lender is not owed any compensation under Section 3.04 because the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower) has paid it, or the Company is no longer required to pay any additional amount to such Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of such Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 because all such amounts have been paid by the Company (or applicable Designated Borrower). Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 10.13 may be effected pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by the Company, the Administrative Agent and the assignee and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof; provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.13 to the contrary, (i) any Lender that acts as an L/C Issuer may not be replaced hereunder at any time it has any Letter of Credit outstanding hereunder unless arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such Lender (including the furnishing of a backstop standby letter of credit in form and substance, and issued by an issuer, reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer or the depositing of cash collateral into a cash collateral account in amounts and pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to such L/C Issuer) have been made with respect to such outstanding Letter of Credit and (ii) the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 9.06 . 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc. 
 164 

(a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK).
 (b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE COMPANY AND EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT COMMENCE ANY ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING OF ANY KIND OR DESCRIPTION, WHETHER IN LAW OR EQUITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE, AGAINST THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER, ANY L/C ISSUER, OR ANY RELATED PARTY OF THE FOREGOING IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS RELATING HERETO OR THERETO, IN ANY FORUM OTHER THAN THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS AND AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION, LITIGATION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, ANY LENDER OR ANY L/C ISSUER MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE COMPANY OR ANY OTHER LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION.
 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . THE COMPANY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION 10.14 . EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT.
 (d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY 

 165 

PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
 
 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 10.15 .
 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Company acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders are arm s- length commercial transactions between the Company, each other Loan Party and their respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders on the other hand, (B) each of the Company and the other Loan Parties has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Company and each other Loan Party is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and each Lender is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the Company, any other Loan Party, or any of their respective Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor and Lender has any obligation to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Arrangers and the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Company, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent, any Arranger nor any Lender has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Company, any other Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, the Company and each other Loan Party hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Arranger or any Lender with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby.
 
 10.17 Electronic Execution; Electronic Records; Counterparts . This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each 

 166 

of the Loan Parties and each of the Administrative Agent and each Lender Party agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent, each of the Lender Parties and each of the Loan Parties may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer is under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent or any L/C Issuer has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lender Parties shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Loan Party and/or any Lender Party without further verification and regardless of the appearance or form of such Electronic Signature and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent, any Lender Party or any Loan Party, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart.
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any L/C Issuer shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document in connection with the Administrative Agent s or the L/C Issuers reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means. The Administrative Agent and L/C Issuers shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting in good faith upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it in good faith to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). Each of the Loan Parties and each Lender Party hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Lender Party and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender Party s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Loan Parties to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 167 

10.18 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the Patriot Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrowers that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Company and the other Loan Parties, which information includes, but is not limited to, the name and address of the Company and each other Loan Party, a Beneficial Ownership Certification, and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Company and each other Loan Party in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation prior to closing this Facility. The Company and each other Loan Party shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provide all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender reasonably requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation.
 10.19 Time of the Essence . Time is of the essence of the Loan Documents. 10.20 ENTIRE AGREEMENT . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS REPRESENT THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES.
 10.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by:
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender or L/C Issuer that is an Affected Financial Institution; and
 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or

 168 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority.
 10.22 Amendment and Restatement . 
 (a) On the Closing Date, the commitment of each lender that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement but is not a party to this Agreement (a Exiting Lender will be terminated, all outstanding obligations owing to the Exiting Lenders will be repaid in full and each Exiting Lender will cease to be a Lender under the Existing Credit Agreement and will not be a Lender under this Agreement. As of the Closing Date, the remaining Lenders under (and as defined in) the Existing Credit Agreement shall be Lenders under this Agreement with Commitments as set forth on Schedule 2.01A hereto and by its execution and delivery of this Agreement, each such Lender hereby consents to the execution and delivery of this Agreement and to the non-pro rata reduction of commitments occurring on the Closing Date as a result of the termination of the commitments of the Exiting Lenders, and the concurrent repayment in full of all loans and other obligations owing (whether or not due) to the Exiting Lenders. On the Closing Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended, restated and superseded in its entirety by this Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (a) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, whether executed and delivered in connection herewith or otherwise, do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing, or termination of the rights, obligations and liabilities of the respective parties (including the Obligations) existing under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Closing Date and (b) such obligations are in all respects continuing (as amended and restated hereby) with only the terms thereof being modified as provided in this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing (i) all Revolving Credit Loans and Term Loans outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall on the Closing Date become Revolving Credit Loans and Term A-1 Loans, as the case may be, hereunder, (ii) all Existing Letters of Credit shall on the Closing Date become Letters of Credit hereunder and (iii) all other Obligations outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement shall on the Closing Date be Obligations under this Agreement. To the extent the Existing Credit Agreement provides that certain terms survive the termination of the Existing Credit Agreement or survive the payment in full of principal, interest and all other amounts payable thereunder, then such terms shall survive the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement.
 (b) On the Closing Date, the original notes, if any, held by each Lender relating to the Existing Credit Agreement (each, an Original Note shall be deemed to be cancelled and, if such Lender has requested a Revolving Credit Note or a Term A-1 Note hereunder, amended and restated by the Revolving Credit Note or Term A-1 Note, as applicable, delivered hereunder on or about the Closing Date (regardless of whether any Lender shall have delivered to the Company for cancellation the Original Note held by it). Each Lender, whether or not requesting a Revolving Credit Note or Term A-1 Note hereunder, shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to deliver the Original Notes held by it to the Company for cancellation and/or amendment and restatement. All amounts owing under, and evidenced by, the Original Notes as of the Closing Date shall continue to be outstanding hereunder, and shall from and after the Closing Date, if requested by the Lender holding such Original Note(s), be evidenced by the Revolving Credit Notes, Term A-1 Notes and/or Term A-2 Notes, as applicable, and shall in any event be evidenced by, and governed by the terms of, this Agreement. Each Lender hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Loan Parties from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, actions or claims that may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any Loan Party arising out of such Lender s failure to deliver the Original Notes held by it to the Company for cancellation, subject to the condition 

 169 

that the Company shall not make any payment to any Person claiming to be the holder of such Original Notes unless such Lender is first notified of such claim and is given the opportunity, at such Lender s sole cost and expense, to assert any defenses to such payment.
 
 10.23 Special Provisions regarding Permitted Tax Incentive Transactions . Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, any Lien created in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction solely to secure repayment of a bond, note or other obligation owned by the Company or a Subsidiary (or any affiliate thereof) shall be deemed a Permitted Encumbrance. In furtherance of the foregoing, (i) nothing in the definition of Property shall preclude a Tax Incentive Property under a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction from constituting Property; (ii) the definition of Subsidiary Owner shall include any Subsidiary that leases Tax Incentive Property pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement under a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; (iii) the definition of Guarantee Obligation shall exclude any obligation incurred by any Person pursuant to a Tax Incentive Guaranty so long as the Company or a Subsidiary is the holder of the bond, note or other obligation that is guaranteed; (iv) no Tax Incentive Lease Agreement entered into in connection with a Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall constitute (or be deemed to constitute) Indebtedness or a Sale-Leaseback Master Lease; (v) the provisions of Section 6.12 and Section 6.13 with respect to any Subsidiary that owns any Unencumbered Property shall also apply to any Subsidiary that leases an Unencumbered Property that is a Tax Incentive Property pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement, such that such Subsidiaries shall become Subsidiary Guarantors pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; and (vi) the investment of any Subsidiary in bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall not constitute an Investment.
 For the avoidance of doubt, (a) any applicable amounts pursuant to subsections (i) and (ii) of the definition of Net Operating Income related to a third-party lease affecting any Tax Incentive Property shall be included in the calculation of Net Operating Income for such Tax Incentive Property, but interest income of any Subsidiary from bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction and related rent expense under any Tax Incentive Lease Agreement with respect to the applicable Tax Incentive Property shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating Net Operating Income for such Tax Incentive Property; (b) interest payable by any Subsidiary under Tax Incentive Indebtedness in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction (to the extent such Subsidiary is also the owner or holder of the bonds issued in connection with such Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction) shall be excluded from the calculation of Recurring Interest Expense; (c) the calculation of Total Asset Value shall include the Property Value, Property Investment Value, unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents and any other amounts which would otherwise be included in the calculation of Total Asset Value with respect to any other Property, of any Tax Incentive Property, but the investment of any Subsidiary in bonds issued in connection with any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction shall be excluded from any calculation of Total Asset Value; (d) the term Indebtedness shall not include any Tax Incentive Indebtedness (including pursuant to an Tax Incentive Guaranty) under any Permitted Tax Incentive Transaction; and (e) no Tax Incentive Indebtedness (including pursuant to a Tax Incentive Lease Agreement or a Tax Incentive Guaranty) shall constitute a liability for purposes of determining Consolidated Tangible Net Worth (but other liabilities that are current and payable to a party other than the Company or a Subsidiary in connection with the Tax Incentive Property such as indemnification obligations shall constitute a liability ). 
 170 

10.24 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of each Loan Party in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than that in which such sum is denominated in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement (the Agreement Currency ), be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase the Agreement Currency with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from any Loan Party in the Agreement Currency, such Loan Party agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of the Agreement Currency so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to such Loan Party (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under Applicable Law).
 10.25 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States).
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without 

 171 

limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support.
 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.25 , the following terms have the following meanings: BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party.
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). ARTICLE 7. ARTICLE XI. CONTINUING GUARANTY 
 11.01 Guaranty. The Company and each Designated Borrower that is a Domestic Subsidiary (the Borrower Guarantors ), jointly and severally with the other Guarantors, hereby absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, as a guaranty of payment and performance and not merely as a guaranty of collection, prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, upon acceleration, demand or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of any and all of the Obligations, whether for principal, interest, premiums, fees, indemnities, damages, costs, expenses or otherwise, of the Borrowers to the Creditor Parties, and whether arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including all renewals, extensions, amendments and other modifications thereof and all costs, attorneys fees and expenses payable to the Creditor Parties pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including Section 10.04(a) , or any other Loan Document); provided that the liability of each Borrower Guarantor that is a Designated Borrower individually with respect to this Borrower Guaranty shall be limited to an aggregate amount equal to the largest amount that would not render its obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States or any comparable provisions of any applicable state law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations shall include any such indebtedness, obligations, and liabilities, or portion thereof, which may be or hereafter become unenforceable or compromised or shall be an allowed or disallowed claim under any proceeding or case commenced by or against any Borrower under any Debtor Relief Laws. The Administrative Agent s books and records showing the amount of the Obligations shall be admissible in evidence in any action or proceeding, and shall be binding upon the Borrower Guarantors, and conclusive for the purpose of establishing the amount of the Obligations. This Borrower Guaranty shall not be affected by the genuineness, validity, regularity or enforceability of the Obligations or any instrument or agreement evidencing any Obligations, or by the existence, validity, enforceability, perfection, non-perfection or extent of any collateral therefor, or by any fact or circumstance relating to the Obligations which might otherwise constitute a defense to the obligations of any Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty, and each Borrower Guarantor hereby irrevocably waives any defenses it may now have or hereafter acquire in any 

 172 

way relating to any or all of the foregoing, other than the defense of payment in full of the Obligations. 
 
 11.02 Rights of Lenders . Each Borrower Guarantor consents and agrees that the Creditor Parties may, at any time and from time to time, without notice or demand, and without affecting the enforceability or continuing effectiveness hereof: (a) amend, extend, renew, compromise, discharge, accelerate or otherwise change the time for payment or the terms of the Obligations or any part thereof; (b) take, hold, exchange, enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any security for the payment of any Guaranty or any Obligations; (c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as the Administrative Agent, the L/C Issuers and the Lenders in their sole discretion may determine; and (d) release or substitute one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of any of the Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower Guarantor consents to the taking of, or failure to take, any action which might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of the Borrower Guarantors under this Borrower Guaranty or which, but for this provision, might operate as a discharge of one or more of the Borrower Guarantor.
 11.03 Certain Waivers . Each Borrower Guarantor waives (a) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of any other Borrower, any other Loan Party or any other guarantor, or the cessation from any cause whatsoever (including any act or omission of any Creditor Party other than bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Credit Party) of the liability of any Borrower; (b) any defense based on any claim that any such Borrower Guarantor s obligations exceed or are more burdensome than those of any Borrower; (c) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting such Borrower Guarantor s liability hereunder; (d) any right to proceed against any Borrower or any other Loan Party, proceed against or exhaust any security for the Obligations, or pursue any other remedy in the power of any Creditor Party whatsoever until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated; (e) any benefit of and any right to participate in any security now or hereafter held by any Creditor Party until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated; and (f) to the fullest extent permitted by law, any and all other defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by Applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties, other than the defense of payment in full of the Obligations. Each Borrower Guarantor expressly waives all setoffs and counterclaims and all presentments, demands for payment or performance, notices of nonpayment or nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor and all other notices or demands of any kind or nature whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and all notices of acceptance of this Borrower Guaranty or of the existence, creation or incurrence of new or additional Obligations.
 
 11.04 Obligations Independent . The obligations of each Borrower Guarantor hereunder are those of primary obligor, and not merely as surety, and are independent of the Obligations and the obligations of any other guarantor, and a separate action may be brought against any Borrower Guarantor to enforce this Borrower Guaranty whether or not any Borrower or any other Person or entity is joined as a party. For the avoidance of doubt, all obligations of each Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty are joint and several obligations of all the Borrower Guarantors.

 173 

11.05 Subrogation . No Borrower Guarantor shall exercise any right of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or similar rights with respect to any payments it makes under this Borrower Guaranty until all of the Obligations and any amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty have been paid and performed in full and the Commitments and the Facilities are terminated. If any amounts are paid to any Borrower Guarantor in violation of the foregoing limitation, then such amounts shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Creditor Parties and shall forthwith be paid to the Creditor Parties to reduce the amount of the Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.
 11.06 Termination; Reinstatement . This Borrower Guaranty is a continuing, absolute, unconditional and irrevocable guaranty of all Obligations now or hereafter existing and shall remain in full force and effect until all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty are paid in full in cash and the Commitments and the Facilities with respect to the Obligations are terminated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Borrower Guaranty shall continue in full force and effect or be revived, as the case may be, if any payment by or on behalf of any Borrower or any Guarantor is made, or any of the Creditor Parties exercises its right of setoff, in respect of the Obligations and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws or otherwise, all as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred and whether or not the Creditor Parties are in possession of or have released this Borrower Guaranty and regardless of any prior revocation, rescission, termination or reduction. The obligations of the Borrower Guarantors under this Section 11.06 shall survive termination of this Borrower Guaranty.
 11.07 Subordination . Each Borrower Guarantor hereby subordinates the payment of all obligations and indebtedness of any other Borrower owing to such Borrower Guarantor, whether now existing or hereafter arising, including but not limited to any obligation of any Borrower to such Borrower Guarantor as subrogee of the Creditor Parties or resulting from such Borrower Guarantor s performance under this Borrower Guaranty, to the payment in full in cash of all Obligations. No Borrower Guarantor will seek, accept, or retain for its own account any payment from any other Borrower on account of such subordinated debt from any other Borrower at any time when a Default exists, and any such payments to a Borrower Guarantor made while any Default then exists on account of such subordinated debt shall be collected and received by such Borrower Guarantor as trustee for the Creditor Parties and the proceeds thereof shall be paid over to the Creditor Parties on account of the Obligations, but without reducing or affecting in any manner the liability of any Borrower Guarantor under this Borrower Guaranty.
 
 11.08 Stay of Acceleration . If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Obligations is stayed, in connection with any case commenced by or against any Borrower Guarantor or any other Loan Party under any Debtor Relief Laws, or otherwise, all such amounts shall nonetheless be payable by the Borrower Guarantors immediately upon demand by the Creditor Parties.
 
 174 

11.09 Condition of Loan Parties . Each Borrower Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from the Loan Parties and any other guarantor such information concerning the financial condition, business and operations of the Loan Parties and any such other guarantor as such Borrower Guarantor requires, and that none of the Creditor Parties has any duty, and no Borrower Guarantor is relying on the Creditor Parties at any time, to disclose to such Borrower Guarantor any information relating to the business, operations or financial condition of any Loan Party or any other guarantor (such Borrower Guarantor waiving any duty on the part of the Creditor Parties to disclose such information and any defense relating to the failure to provide the same).
 11.10 Contribution . At any time a payment in respect of the Obligations is made under this Borrower Guaranty, the right of contribution of each Borrower Guarantor against each other Borrower Guarantor shall be determined as provided in the immediately following sentence, with the right of contribution of each Borrower Guarantor to be revised and restated as of each date on which a payment (a Relevant Payment is made on the Obligations under this Borrower Guaranty. At any time that a Relevant Payment is made by a Borrower Guarantor that results in the aggregate payments made by such Borrower Guarantor in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment exceeding such Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage (as defined below) of the aggregate payments made by all Borrower Guarantors in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment (such excess, the Aggregate Excess Amount ), each such Borrower Guarantor shall have a right of contribution against each other Borrower Guarantor who either has not made any payments or has made payments in respect of the Obligations to and including the date of the Relevant Payment in an aggregate amount less than such other Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage of the aggregate payments made to and including the date of the Relevant Payment by all Borrower Guarantors in respect of the Obligations (the aggregate amount of such deficit, the Aggregate Deficit Amount in an amount equal to (x) a fraction the numerator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of such Borrower Guarantor and the denominator of which is the Aggregate Excess Amount of all Borrower Guarantors multiplied by (y) the Aggregate Deficit Amount of such other Borrower Guarantor. A Borrower Guarantor s right of contribution pursuant to the preceding sentences shall arise at the time of each computation, subject to adjustment at the time of each computation; provided , that no Borrower Guarantor may take any action to enforce such right until after all Obligations and any other amounts payable under this Borrower Guaranty are paid in full in cash and the Commitments are terminated, it being expressly recognized and agreed by all parties hereto that any Borrower Guarantor s right of contribution arising pursuant to this Section 11.10 against any other Borrower Guarantor shall be expressly junior and subordinate to such other Borrower Guarantor s obligations and liabilities in respect of the Obligations and any other obligations owing under this Borrower Guaranty. As used in this Section 11.10 , (i) each Borrower Guarantor s Contribution Percentage shall mean the percentage obtained by dividing (x) the Adjusted Net Worth (as defined below) of such Borrower Guarantor by (y) the aggregate Adjusted Net Worth of all Borrower Guarantors; (ii) the Adjusted Net Worth of each Borrower Guarantor shall mean the greater of (x) the Net Worth (as defined below) of such Borrower Guarantor and (y) zero; and (iii) the Net Worth of each Borrower Guarantor shall mean the amount by which the fair saleable value of such Borrower Guarantor s assets on the date of any Relevant Payment exceeds its existing debts and other liabilities (including contingent liabilities, but without giving effect to any Obligations arising under this Borrower Guaranty) on 
 175 

such date. Each of the Borrower Guarantors recognizes and acknowledges that the rights to contribution arising hereunder shall constitute an asset in favor of the party entitled to such contribution. In this connection, each Borrower Guarantor has the right to waive its contribution right against any Borrower Guarantor to the extent that after giving effect to such waiver such Borrower Guarantor would remain Solvent. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 
 176 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 [Signature Page to Third Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement] 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 3
 are-20221231xex10d22.htm
 EX-10.22

Exhibit 10.22 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of October 14, 2022 (this Amendment ), among AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partnership LP), a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), the Guarantors party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. Bank of America ), as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). WHEREAS, the Company, the Designated Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders and L/C Issuers from time to time party thereto are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2021 (as heretofore amended, the Credit Agreement and WHEREAS, the Company, the Lenders party hereto and the Administrative Agent desire to amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions of this Amendment. NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1. Amendments the Credit Agreement . 1.1 New definition of Mortgage Backed Securities. Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to include the following definition of Mortgage Backed Securities in the appropriate alphabetical order: 
 Mortgage Backed Securities means direct or indirect participations in, or direct or indirect participations or investments that are collateralized by and payable from, commercial or residential mortgage loans secured by real property, including, without limitation, mortgage loans utilizing a single asset, single borrower (SASB) structure, commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) structure, residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) structure, and real estate collateralized loan obligations (CLOs). Mortgage Backed Securities as used in this Agreement may or may not be issued or guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government. 1.2 The definition of Other Debt Investments set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 Other Debt Investments means investments in debt instruments or preferred equity investments (other than First Mortgage Investments, Exchange Debt Investments, Public REIT Securities and Mortgage Backed Securities), including but not limited to mezzanine loans, second lien loans, preferred equity investments and B notes. 1.3 New definition of Other Investments . Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to include the following definition of Other Investments in the appropriate alphabetical order: 

Other Investments means (i) Public REIT Securities, (ii) Mortgage Backed Securities and (iii) Other Debt Investments. 1.4 New definition of Other Investment Repurchase Transaction . Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to include the following definition of Other Investment Repurchase Transaction in the appropriate alphabetical order: 
 Other Investment Repurchase Transaction means, with respect to any Person, a transaction pursuant to which such Person sells an Other Investment to another Person subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to repurchase such Other Investment. 1.5 Definition of Public REIT Securities . The definition of Public REIT Securities set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 Public REIT Securities means common stock, preferred shares or debt securities issued by a publicly traded real estate investment trust. 1.6 Definition of Total Asset Value . The definition of Total Asset Value set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 Total Asset Value means, as of the date of calculation, the aggregate, without duplication, of: (i) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land assets and Assets Under Development) owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholders; plus (ii) the Consolidated Group s Pro Rata Share of the Property Value of all Properties (other than land assets and Assets Under Development) owned by Unconsolidated Affiliates, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (iv) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of the Property Investment Value of each land asset and Asset Under Development owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate, or any non-wholly owned Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (v) unrestricted cash and Cash Equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any member of the Consolidated Group, any Exchange Property Owner or any Exchange Fee Titleholder; plus (vi) the applicable Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents owned directly or indirectly by any Exchange Fee Titleholder or by any Borrower or any Guarantor through an Unconsolidated Affiliate; plus (vii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of any investments by any Borrower, Guarantor or other member of the Consolidated Group in First Mortgage Investments (based on current book value), Other Debt Investments (based on current book value), and Exchange Debt Investments (based on current book value), provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (viii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of any investments 

by any Borrower, Guarantor or other member of the Consolidated Group in Public REIT Securities and Mortgage Backed Securities (in each case based on current market value); plus (ix) an amount equal to the Consolidated Group Pro Rata Share of investments in First Mortgage Investments, Exchange Debt Investments and Other Investments owned by an Unconsolidated Affiliate or any Exchange Fee Titleholder (based on the appropriate values set forth in (vii) and (viii) above) provided that no Exchange Debt Investment shall be included under this clause if it relates to an Exchange Property already included in the calculation of Total Asset Value; plus (x) proceeds due from transfer agents; plus (xi) the amount of all Eligible Cash 1031 Proceeds. If the FMV Option for any Exchange Property owned by an Exchange Property Owner has expired, then for purposes of calculating Total Asset Value for such Exchange Property, only the pro rata share of the Property Value for such Exchange Property (corresponding to the pro rata share of the Exchange Beneficial Interests in such Exchange Property Owner or the tenant in common interests that are still owned by the Consolidated Group) shall be counted. 1.7 Definition of Total Secured Indebtedness . The definition of Total Secured Indebtedness set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 Total Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, that portion of Total Indebtedness (excluding (i) the Obligations under the Loan Documents, (ii) obligations under Swap Contracts, (iii) completion and similar guarantees with respect to a construction loan facility (except to the extent that any member of the Consolidated Group has a secured recourse obligation with respect to such construction loan facility) and (iv) indemnity obligations relating to performance or surety bonds in the ordinary course of business) which is secured by a Lien on a Property, any ownership interests in any Subsidiary or Unconsolidated Affiliate or any other assets which had, in each case, in the aggregate, a value in excess of the amount of the applicable Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Indebtedness that constitutes repurchase obligations or liabilities arising pursuant to an Other Investment Repurchase Transaction) at the time such Indebtedness was incurred. Any such Indebtedness that is secured only with a pledge of ownership interests and is also recourse to a Borrower or any Guarantor shall not be treated as Secured Indebtedness. 
 1.8 Definition of Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio . The definition of Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 
 Unsecured Interest Coverage Ratio means (i) Unencumbered Property NOI for all Unencumbered Properties plus interest income from unencumbered First Mortgage Investments, unencumbered Other Debt Investments and unencumbered Exchange Debt Investments, divided by (ii) Unsecured Interest Expense, in each case for the most recent quarter annualized. 1.9 Section 6.12 . Section 6.12 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

6.12. Subsidiary Guarantees . The Company shall cause each of its Subsidiaries that owns a Property that is included as an Unencumbered Property and so designated by the Company for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement on the Closing Date, if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the most immediate parent(s) of such Subsidiary that are Domestic Subsidiaries of the Company (if any) (each parent an Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor )), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent the Subsidiary Guaranty as required under Article IV above. For any Property added to the pool of Unencumbered Properties after the date hereof (unless owned by a Loan Party or an Exchange Fee Titleholder), the Company shall cause the Subsidiary owning such Unencumbered Property, if it is a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company (and if such Subsidiary is not a Domestic Subsidiary of the Company, shall cause the Intermediate Subsidiary Owner Guarantor(s) of such Subsidiary (if any)), to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the date that such Property is included as an Unencumbered Property for purposes of determining Company s compliance with the financial covenants contained in this Agreement, a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty. If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder to be included as an Unencumbered Property, then the Subsidiary of the Company that is master leasing such Property shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period of time that the exchange is pending. If the Company designates a Property that is owned by an Exchange Property Owner to be included as an Unencumbered Property during the period of time that the Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests are being marketed, then the Exchange Depositor or the Subsidiary owning tenant in common interests that have not been sold, as the case may be, shall execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and shall be a Subsidiary Guarantor during the period of time (not to exceed 24 months) during which the sale of Exchange Beneficial Interests or tenant in common interests is pending, but only for so long as such Property remains an Unencumbered Property. For Unencumbered Properties owned by an Exchange Fee Titleholder, upon completion or termination of the reverse exchange, if the Company desires the applicable Property to remain an Unencumbered Property, the Company, or a Subsidiary of the Company shall acquire all of the ownership interests of the Exchange Fee Titleholder or title to such Unencumbered Property and at such time the entity that was previously the Exchange Fee Titleholder, but has become a Subsidiary of the Company, or if fee title is acquired, the Subsidiary acquiring fee title will execute a joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty and become a Subsidiary Guarantor, and the entity that had previously been master leasing such Property shall be automatically released from the Subsidiary Guaranty. Each joinder to the Subsidiary Guaranty provided pursuant to this Section 6.12 shall, to the extent requested by the Administrative Agent, be accompanied by supporting organizational and authority documents and opinions similar to those provided with respect to the Company and the initial Subsidiary Guarantors under Section 4.01 . 1.10 Section 7.02(f) . Clause (f) of Section 7.02 of the Credit Agreement is amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 
 (f) Investments in Public REIT Securities and Mortgaged Backed Securities up to 10 of Total Asset Value. 

1.11 Errant Section References . The references in Sections 2.18 and 6.13 of the Credit Agreement to Sections 7.09(f), (g) and (h) are hereby amended to instead refer to Sections 7.09(e), (f) and (g) . 
 SECTION 2. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Amendment shall be effective as of the first date on which all of the following conditions precedent are satisfied (such date being referred to herein as the Second Amendment Effective Date ): 2.1 Administrative Agent s receipt of counterparts of this Amendment duly executed and delivered by each of the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent and Lenders constituting Required Lenders, which shall be originals or pdf copies or other electronic format (followed promptly by originals) unless otherwise specified, in each case, subject to the provisions of Section 9 hereof. 
 2.2 On the Second Amendment Effective Date, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, (a) the representations and warranties contained in Article V of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of the representations and warranties in Section 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date or period, in which case they were true and correct in all material respects (or, in the case of Sections 5.14(b) and 5.20 of the Credit Agreement or any representation and warranty that is qualified by materiality, in all respects) as of such earlier date or for the respective period, as applicable, and except that for purposes of this Amendment, the representations and warranties contained in subsections (a) and 
 (b) of Section 5.05 of the Credit Agreement shall be deemed to refer to the most recent statements furnished pursuant to clauses (a) and (b), respectively, of Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement, and (b) no Default exists or would result from the consummation of this Amendment. SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties of Loan Parties . In order to induce the Lenders and the Administrative Agent to enter into this Amendment, each of the Loan Parties represents and warrants (which representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery hereof) to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 (a) it has all requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment and to perform its obligations under this Amendment and the Credit Agreement as amended by this Amendment (the Amended Credit Agreement 
 (b) the execution and delivery by each Loan Party of this Amendment and the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement by each Loan Party party thereto have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action; 
 (c) no approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required 

in connection with the execution or delivery of this Amendment or the performance of its obligations under this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement; (d) this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on its behalf by a duly authorized officer, and this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement each constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party enforceable against each Loan Party that is party thereto in accordance with its terms; 
 (e) no Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or the Amended Credit Agreement; and 
 (f) neither the execution and delivery of this Amendment nor the performance of this Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement will (i) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of (or any requirement to create) any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under (x) any Contractual Obligation to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party or affecting any Loan Party, any of its Subsidiaries or the properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or (y) any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective property is subject, the conflict or breach of which under the foregoing clauses (x) and/or (y) would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) violate any Law. 
 SECTION 4. Affirmation of Guarantors . Each Guarantor hereby approves and consents to this Amendment and the transactions contemplated by this Amendment. Each Guarantor agrees and affirms that its guarantee of the Obligations (i) continues to be in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects and shall apply to the Credit Agreement, as amended hereby, and all of the other Loan Documents, as such are amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with their terms and (ii) extends to all obligations of the Loan Parties under the Loan Documents. SECTION 5. Costs and Expenses . The Company acknowledges and agrees that its payment obligations set forth in Section 10.04 of the Credit Agreement include the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment and any other documentation contemplated hereby (whether or not this Amendment becomes effective or the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated and whether or not a Default or Event of Default has occurred or is continuing), including, but not limited to, the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of Arnold Porter Kaye Scholer LLP, counsel to the Administrative Agent. SECTION 6. Ratification . (a) Except as herein agreed, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed by the Loan Parties. Each of the Loan Parties hereby (i) confirms and agrees that the Company has no defense, counterclaim or offset of any kind whatsoever with respect to the Obligations, and (ii) reaffirms and admits the validity and enforceability of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and, except as expressly provided herein, shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver, modification or forbearance of, any term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, whether or not known to the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders, or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Administrative Agent or any of the Lenders may now have or have in the future against any Person under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein or any of the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 SECTION 7. Modifications . Neither this Amendment, nor any provision hereof, may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the parties hereto. SECTION 8. References . The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that this Amendment constitutes a Loan Document. Each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import, and each reference in each other Loan Document (and the other documents and instruments delivered pursuant to or in connection therewith) to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import, shall mean and be a reference to the Credit Agreement as modified hereby and as the Credit Agreement may in the future be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time. SECTION 9. Counterparts; Execution . Section 10.17 of the Credit Agreement is incorporated herein, mutatis mutandis , as if a part hereof. SECTION 10. Successors and Assigns . The provisions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. SECTION 11. Severability . If any provision of this Amendment is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Amendment shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. SECTION 12. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (INCLUDING SECTION 5-1401 AND SECTION 5-1402 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK). 

SECTION 13. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Amendment. SECTION 14. Entire Agreement . THIS AMENDMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT AMONG THE PARTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS, OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES. [ Signatures Pages Immediately Follow ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 

AREIT OPERATING PARTNERSHIP LP (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Operating Partner s hip LP) , a Delaware limited partnership By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.) , a Maryland corporation, its general partner 

By: /s/ Lainie P. Minnick Name: Lainie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 

By: /s/ Kyle Pearson Name: Kyle Pearson Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ryan Dempsey Name: Ryan Dempsey Title: Authorized Officer 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 C 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Lender 

By: /s/ Craig V. Koshkarian Name: Craig V. Koshkarian Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

REGIONS BANK., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Ghi S. Gavin Name: Ghi S. Gavin Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

TRUIST BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Richard de la Vega Name: Richard de la Vega Title: Director 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ James A. Harmann Name: James A. Harmann Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Travis Myers Name: Travis Myers Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Keshia Leday Name: Keshia Leday Title: Authorized Signatory 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

PINNACLE BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ J. Patrick Daugherty Name: J. Patrick Daugherty Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ASSOCIATED BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Mitchell Vega Name: Mitchell Vega Title: Senior Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

RAYMOND JAMES BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Alex Sierra Name: Alex Sierra Title: Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as a Lender 

By: /s/ Erin L. Mahon Name: Erin L. Mahon Title: Assistant Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT: BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as a Lender 

By: /s/ Taelitha Bonds-Harris Name: Taelitha Bonds-Harris Title: Assistant Vice President 
 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 Each of the Guarantors hereby acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions of the foregoing Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, including, without limitation , the representations and warranties made by such Guarantor in Section 3 thereof and the affirmations made by such Guarantor under Section 4 thereof. ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. (f/k/a Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.), a Maryland corporation By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P.Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 ADREX 1031 LENDER CLEARWATER LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED I LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER DIVERSIFIED II LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER CITY VIEW LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER CLAYTON COMMERCE CENTER LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER LOGISTICS PORTFOLIO LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER PERIMETER LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER RENO LOGISTICS CENTER LLC ADREX 1031 LENDER MULTIFAMILY I LLC BCDPF 1031 LENDER THE PALMS LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: ADREX 1031 Lender LLC (f/k/a BCDPF 1031 Le nder LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, the so le member of each of the foregoing IO entities By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manag er By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP , a Delaware limited partnership, it s sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 ADREX 1031 CALIFORNIA LENDER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: DPF Cherry Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P .Minnick Title: Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT GENERAL WASHINGTON IC LLC AREIT SALT POND DST HOLDER LLC AREIT TRANSPORT DRIVE CC LLC AREIT YALE VILLAGE LLC BCD PRESTON SHERRY DST HOLDER LLC BCDPF 25 LINDEN INDUSTRIAL CENTER LLC BCDPF AIR TECH DC II LLC BCDPF AURORA DC LLC BCDPF BARROW CROSSING LLC BCDPF CAMPUS DRIVE IC LLC BCDPF JUNO WINTER PARK LLC BCDPF KAISER BUSINESS CENTER LLC BCDPF LONG ISLAND LOGISTICS CENTER LLC BCDPF SPRINGDALE LLC BCDPF STERLING IC LLC BCDPF VILLAGE AT LEE BRANCH LLC DPF SANDWICH LLC TRT 1300 CONNECTICUT AVENUE OWNER LLC TRT FLYING CLOUD DRIVE LLC TRT HYANNIS LLC TRT MERIDEN LLC TRT SAUGUS LLC TRT WAREHAM LLC TRT WHITMAN 475 BEDFORD LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the sole m e mber of each of the foregoing 24 entities By: AREIT Operating Partn e rship LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its so le member By: Ares Real Esta te Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporati o n, i ts general partner By: /s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: Lainie P.Minnic k Title: Managing Director, Chief F inancial Officer Treasur e r 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT GILLINGHAM IC LP, a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT Gillingham IC GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation , its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT SAN STONE OAK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT San Stone Oak GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT STAFFORD GROVE IP DST HOLDER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Stafford Grove IP GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member 

By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 BALA POINTE OWNER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: Bala Pointe GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: Div Cap Bala Pointe 1 General Partnership, a Delaware general partnership, its sole member By: DCTRT Bala Pointe GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware lim i ted liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 BCDPF AIRWAY INDUSTRIAL PARK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Airway Industrial Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer BCDPF BAY AREA COMMERCE CENTER LP , a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Bay Area Commerce Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By : AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 BCDPF LITTLE ORCHARD BUSINESS PARK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Little Orchard Business Park GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: DPF Cheny Creek LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By : Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. , a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer BCDPF RADAR DISTRIBUTION CENTER LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: BCDPF 250 Radar Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, it s sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, 

a Delaw a re limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland cor poration , its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 BCDPF TUSTIN BUSINESS CENTER LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: BCDPF Tustin Business Center GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer DPF BEAVER CREEK LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: DPF Beaver Creek GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 TRT LENDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: DCTRT Securities Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT 56TH AVE IC LLC AREIT 350 CARTER ROAD LLC AREIT BROCKTON IC LLC AREIT ENTERPRISE WAY IC LLC AREIT GLEN AFTON IC LLC AREIT INDUSTRIAL DRIVE IC LLC AREIT MAPLEWOOD DRIVE IC LLC AREIT MIAMI NW 114TH IC LLC AREIT NEW ALBANY IC LLC AREIT NORTH HARNEY IC LLC AREIT WES WARREN IC LLC, each a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, the sole member of each of the foregoing 11 entities By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT DALLAS MAPLE DISTRICT LP, a Delaware limit e d partnership By: AREIT Dallas Maple District GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT PINE VISTA IC LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Pine Vista IC GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

AREIT SKYE 750 LLC, a Delaware limited Liability company By: AREIT Skye 750 Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole m e mber By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer AREIT NORTH 5TH STREET CC LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: AREIT North 5th Street CC Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its managing member By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnersh i p LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., a Maryland corporation, i ts general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT TRI COUNTY PARKWAY IC LP, a Delaware limited partnership By: AREIT Tri County Parkway IC GP LLC, limited liability company, its general partner By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole membe r By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation , the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer PEMBROKE PINES OWNER, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company By: Pembroke Pines Member, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By : Pembroke Pines Lower REIT II-CC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: Pembroke Pines Upper REIT II-CC, L.L.C. , a Delaware limited liability company, its manager By: AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company , its sole member By: AREIT TRS Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware corporation, the sole member By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

 AREIT SUNILAND DST HOLDER LLC, a Delaware limi t ed liability company By: AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP, a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc ., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer ADREX MULTIFAMILY I TRS LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: Ares Diver s ified Real Estate Exchange LLC (f/k/a Black Creek Exchange LLC), a Delaware limited partnership , its sole member By: BCD TRS Corp., a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: AREIT Operating Partnership LP , a Delaware limited partnership, its sole member By: Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc ., a Maryland corporation, its general partner By: / s/ Lainie P Minnick Name: La inie P. Minnick Title: Managing Director , Chief Financial Officer Treasurer 
 [Signature Page to Second Amendment to AREIT Credit Agreement] 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 are-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 ARES REAL ESTATE INCOME TRUST INC. Subsidiaries of Registrant as of December 31, 2022 

Name Jurisdiction ADREX 1031 California Lender LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender Clearwater LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender Diversified I LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender Diversified II LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender Diversified 3 LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender LLC Delaware ADREX 1031 Lender Multifamily I LLC Delaware ADREX Clearwater DST Delaware ADREX Clearwater Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Clearwater Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Clearwater TRS LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified I DST Delaware ADREX Diversified I Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified I Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified I TRS LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified II DST Delaware ADREX Diversified II Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified II Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified II TRS LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified 3 DST Delaware ADREX Diversified 3 Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified 3 Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Diversified 3 TRS LLC Delaware ADREX Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Multifamily I DST Delaware ADREX Multifamily I Manager LLC Delaware ADREX Multifamily I Master Tenant LLC Delaware ADREX Multifamily I TRS Delaware American Financial Exchange L.L.C. New Jersey AREIT 107 Morgan Lane Lease Management LLC Delaware AREIT 107 Morgan Lane LLC Delaware AREIT 350 Carter Road LLC Delaware AREIT 56th Ave IC LLC Delaware AREIT Acquisitions LLC Delaware AREIT Brockton IC LLC Delaware AREIT City View DST Holder LLC Delaware AREIT Dallas Maple District GP LLC Delaware AREIT Dallas Maple District LP Delaware AREIT Debt Securities Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT Enterprise Way IC LLC Delaware AREIT General Washington Industrial Center LLC Delaware AREIT Gillingham IC GP LLC Delaware AREIT Gillingham IC Lease Management LLC Delaware 

AREIT Gillingham IC LP Delaware AREIT Glen Afton IC LLC Delaware AREIT Industrial Drive IC LLC Delaware AREIT JV Credit Facility Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT Manor Riverwalk LLC Delaware AREIT Manor Riverwalk Parent JV Member LLC Delaware AREIT Maplewood Drive IC LLC Delaware AREIT-McDowell Vue Parent LLC Delaware AREIT MC European Real Estate Debt Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT Miami NW 114th IC LLC Delaware AREIT Net Lease Portfolio Aggregator Member LLC Delaware AREIT New Albany IC LLC Delaware AREIT NLD JV Aggregator Member LLC Delaware AREIT NLD TRS Member LLC Delaware AREIT North 5th Street CC Holdco II LLC Delaware AREIT North 5th Street CC Holdco I LLC Delaware AREIT North 5th Street CC Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT North 5th Street CC LLC Delaware AREIT North Harney IC LLC Delaware AREIT Operating Partnership LP Delaware AREIT Perimeter DST Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT Pine Vista IC GP LLC Delaware AREIT Pine Vista IC LP Delaware AREIT-PRH Manor Riverwalk Parent LLC Delaware AREIT Real Estate Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT Salt Pond DST Holder LLC Delaware AREIT San Stone Oak GP LLC Delaware AREIT San Stone Oak LP Delaware AREIT SKYE 750 Holdco II LLC Delaware AREIT SKYE 750 Holdco I LLC Delaware AREIT SKYE 750 Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT SKYE 750 LLC Delaware AREIT Stafford Grove IP DST Holder LP Delaware AREIT Stafford Grove IP GP LLC Delaware AREIT Suniland DST Holder LLC Delaware AREIT Transport Drive CC LLC Delaware AREIT Tri County Parkway IC GP LLC Delaware AREIT Tri County Parkway IC LP Delaware AREIT TRS Holdco I LLC Delaware AREIT TRS Holdco LLC Delaware AREIT VM8 Logistics Center GP LLC Delaware AREIT VM8 Logistics Center LP Delaware AREIT Vue Parent JV Member LLC Delaware AREIT Wes Warren IC LLC Delaware AREIT Yale Village LLC Delaware Ares Diversified Real Estate Exchange LLC Delaware Bala Pointe GP, LLC Delaware Bala Pointe Owner LP Delaware BCD Preston Sherry DST Holder LLC Delaware 

BCD Property Management LLC Delaware BCD TRS Corp. Delaware BCD TRS Services LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender City View LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Clayton Commerce Center LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Logistics Portfolio LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Perimeter LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Reno Logistics Center LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Salt Pond LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Stafford Grove LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Suniland LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender The Palms LLC Delaware BCDPF 1031 Lender Yale Village LLC Delaware BCDPF 25 Linden Industrial Center LLC Delaware BCDPF 250 Radar Holdco 1 LLC Delaware BCDPF 250 Radar Holdco 2 LLC Delaware BCDPF 250 Radar Holdco LLC Delaware BCDPF Air Tech DC II LLC Delaware BCDPF Air Tech DC III LLC Delaware BCDPF Air Tech DC LLC Delaware BCDPF Airway Industrial Park GP LLC Delaware BCDPF Airway Industrial Park LP Delaware BCDPF Aurora DC LLC Delaware BCDPF Barrow Crossing LLC Delaware BCDPF Barrow Crossing Pad II LLC Delaware BCDPF Barrow Crossing Pad III LLC Delaware BCDPF Bay Area Commerce Center GP LLC Delaware BCDPF Bay Area Commerce Center LP Delaware BCDPF Campus Drive IC LLC Delaware BCDPF Cayco LLC Delaware BCDPF Florence Logistics Center LLC Delaware BCDPF Juno Winter Park LLC Delaware BCDPF Kaiser Business Center LLC Delaware BCDPF Little Orchard Business Park GP LLC Delaware BCDPF Little Orchard Business Park LP Delaware BCDPF Long Island LC Lease Management LLC Delaware BCDPF Long Island Logistics Center LLC Delaware BCDPF Northgate DC LLC Delaware BCDPF Radar Distribution Center LLC Delaware BCDPF Railhead DC GP LLC Delaware BCDPF Railhead DC LP Delaware BCDPF Springdale LLC Delaware BCDPF Sterling IC LLC Delaware BCDPF Tempe Student Housing Portfolio JV Member LLC Delaware BCDPF Tempe Student Housing Portfolio LLC Delaware BCDPF The Daley at Shady Grove LLC Delaware BCDPF Tri County DC II LLC Delaware BCDPF Tri County DC LLC Delaware BCDPF Tustin Business Center GP LLC Delaware 

BCDPF Tustin Business Center LP Delaware BCDPF Vasco IC LLC Delaware BCDPF Village at Lee Branch LLC Delaware BCDPF World Connect Logistics Center LLC Delaware BC Exchange City View DST Delaware BC Exchange City View Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange City View Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange City View TRS Delaware BC Exchange Clayton Commerce Center DST Delaware BC Exchange Clayton Commerce Center Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Clayton Commerce Center Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Clayton Commerce Center TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Logistics Portfolio DST Delaware BC Exchange Logistics Portfolio Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Logistics Portfolio Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Logistics Portfolio TRS Delaware BC Exchange Perimeter DST Delaware BC Exchange Perimeter Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Perimeter Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Perimeter TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Preston Sherry DST Delaware BC Exchange Preston Sherry Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Preston Sherry Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Preston Sherry TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Reno Logistics Center DST Delaware BC Exchange Reno Logistics Center Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Reno Logistics Center Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Reno Logistics Center TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Salt Pond DST Delaware BC Exchange Salt Pond Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Salt Pond Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Salt Pond TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Stafford Grove DST Delaware BC Exchange Stafford Grove Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Stafford Grove Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Stafford Grove TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange Suniland DST Delaware BC Exchange Suniland Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange Suniland Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange Suniland TRS LLC Delaware BC Exchange The Palms DST Delaware BC Exchange The Palms Manager LLC Delaware BC Exchange The Palms Master Tenant LLC Delaware BC Exchange The Palms TRS LLC Delaware Core Tucson Main Gate LLC Delaware DCTRT Bala Pointe GP LLC Delaware DCTRT Bala Pointe LP Delaware DCTRT REPO Holdco LLC Delaware DCTRT Securities Holdco LLC Delaware 

DCTRT Springing Member Inc. Delaware Div Cap Bala Pointe I General Partnership Delaware DPF 1031 Parent LLC Delaware DPF 1600 Woodbury Avenue LLC Delaware DPF Beaver Creek GP LLC Delaware DPF Beaver Creek LP Delaware DPF Cherry Creek LLC Delaware DPF LOC Lender LLC Delaware DPF Mashpee Manager LLC Delaware DPF Sandwich LLC Delaware DPF Services LLC Delaware NLD JV Credit Facility Holdco LLC Delaware Pembroke Pines Lower REIT II-C L.L.C. Delaware Pembroke Pines Member, L.L.C. Delaware Pembroke Pines Owner, L.L.C. Delaware Pembroke Pines Upper REIT II-C L.L.C. Delaware Plaza X Leasing Associates L.L.C. New Jersey Plaza X Realty L.L.C. New Jersey Plaza X Urban Renewal Associates L.L.C. New Jersey Southcape Village, LLC Massachusetts TRT 1300 Connecticut Avenue Owner LLC Delaware TRT 270 Center Holdings LLC Delaware TRT 270 Center Owner LLC Delaware TRT Flying Cloud Drive LLC Delaware TRT Harborside LLC Delaware TRT Hyannis LLC Delaware TRT Lending LLC Delaware TRT Lending Subsidiary I Holdco LLC Delaware TRT Lending Subsidiary I LLC Delaware TRT Lending Subsidiary II Holdco LLC Delaware TRT Lending Subsidiary II LLC Delaware TRT Meriden LLC Delaware TRT New Bedford LLC Delaware TRT Norwell LLC Delaware TRT Saugus LLC Delaware TRT Wareham LLC Delaware TRT Whitman 475 Bedford LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 are-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements No. 333-230311 on Form S-3 and No. 333-194237 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 20, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. /s/ KPMG LLP Denver, Colorado March 20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 are-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 20, 2023 

/s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR 

Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 are-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Lainie P. Minnick, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

2 

March 20, 2023 

/s/ LAINIE P. MINNICK 

Lainie P. Minnick Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 are-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 Certification of Principal Executive Officer In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeffrey W. Taylor, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 20, 2023 

/s/ JEFFREY W. TAYLOR 

Jeffrey W. Taylor Partner, Co-President (Principal Executive Officer) 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lainie P. Minnick, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 20, 2023 

/s/ LAINIE P. MINNICK 

Lainie P. Minnick Managing Director, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 are-20221231xex99d1.htm
 EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT VALUATION FIRM We hereby consent to the reference to our name and the description of our role in the valuation process described in the heading Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Net Asset Value in Part II, Item 5 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., being incorporated by reference in (i) the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-230311) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc., and the related prospectus, and (ii) the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-194237) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. We also hereby consent to the same information and the reference to our name in the heading Experts being included in the prospectus related to the Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-252212) of Ares Real Estate Income Trust Inc. In giving such consent, we do not thereby admit that we are in the category of persons whose consent is required under Section 7 of the Securities Act of 1933. 

/s/ Altus Group U.S. Inc. 

Altus Group U.S. Inc. 

March 17, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 are-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 are-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 are-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 are-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

