<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1584831_0001493152-23-009809.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7452163</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>241208</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1108826</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2826221</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1405561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1658753</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009809.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165957
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009809
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584831
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				981150254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36346
		FILM NUMBER:		23781503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STRATHVALE HOUSE, 2ND FLOOR, PO BOX 469
		STREET 2:		90 NORTH CHURCH STREET
		CITY:			GEORGETOWN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9006
		BUSINESS PHONE:		345-749-7570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		STRATHVALE HOUSE, 2ND FLOOR, PO BOX 469
		STREET 2:		90 NORTH CHURCH STREET
		CITY:			GEORGETOWN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9006

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009809.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
The Transition Period From ________ To ________ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbols 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

The
 Capital Market 

The
 Capital Market 

Securities
Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based upon the quoted closing
sale price per share of the registrant s ordinary shares on The NASDAQ Capital Market) on the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022). For purposes of this calculation, the registrant has assumed that its
directors and executive officers as of June 30, 2022 were affiliates. 

As
of March 30, 2023, ordinary shares, par value 0.001 (USD) per share, were outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

Index
to Annual Report on Form 10-K 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 

Page 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS FOR FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 3 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 16 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 32 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 32 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 32 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 32 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 33 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 35 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 35 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 46 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 46 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 46 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 46 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 47 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 47 

PART III. 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 48 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 48 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 48 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 48 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 48 

PART IV. 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 49 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 49 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 51 

2 

 Table of Contents 

SPECIAL
NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Unless
the context dictates otherwise, references to we, us, our, our company, or the
Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Oxbridge Reinsurance
Limited and Oxbridge Re NS. 

All
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (refer to Part I, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K), other than
statements of historical fact, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating
results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words
such as believe, project, predict, expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 intend, plan, may, should, will, would, will
be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based
on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially
from our historical results and the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements.
A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward-looking
statements is included in the section entitled Risk Factors (refer to Part I, Item 1A, of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K). We undertake no obligation, other than imposed by law, to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking
statements which speak only to the dates on which they were made. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
are a Cayman Islands specialty property and casualty reinsurer that provides reinsurance solutions through our reinsurance subsidiaries,
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS. We focus on underwriting fully collateralized reinsurance
contracts primarily for property and casualty insurance companies in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, with an emphasis on
Florida. We specialize in underwriting medium frequency, high severity risks, where we believe sufficient data exists to analyze effectively
the risk/return profile of reinsurance contracts. Oxbridge Re NS functions as a reinsurance sidecar which increases the underwriting capacity of Oxbridge Reinsurance
Limited. Oxbridge Re NS issues participating notes to third party investors, the proceeds of which are utilized to collateralize Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited s reinsurance obligations. 

We
underwrite reinsurance contracts on a selective and opportunistic basis as opportunities arise based on our goal of achieving favorable
long-term returns on equity for our shareholders. Our goal is to achieve long-term growth in book value per share by writing business
that generates attractive underwriting profits relative to the risk we bear. Additionally, we intend to complement our underwriting profits
with investment profits on an opportunistic basis. 

Our
underwriting business focus is on fully collateralized reinsurance contracts for property catastrophes, primarily in the Gulf Coast region
of the United States. Within that market and risk category, we attempt to select the most economically attractive opportunities across
a variety of property and casualty insurers. As we attempt to grow our capital base, we expect that we will consider growth opportunities
in other geographic areas and risk categories. 

Our
level of profitability is primarily determined by how adequately our premiums assumed and investment income cover our costs and expenses,
which consist primarily of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses, claim payments and general and administrative expenses.
One factor leading to variation in our operational results is the timing and magnitude of any follow-on offerings we undertake (if any),
and issuance of participating notes to investors as we are able to deploy new capital to collateralize new reinsurance treaties and consequently,
earn additional premium revenue. In addition, our results of operations may be seasonal in that hurricanes and other tropical storms
typically occur during the period from June 1 through November 30. Further, our results of operations may be subject to significant variations
due to factors affecting the property and casualty insurance industry in general, which include competition, legislation, regulation,
general economic conditions, judicial trends, and fluctuations in interest rates and other changes in the investment environment. 

Because
we employ an opportunistic underwriting and investment philosophy, period-to-period comparisons of our underwriting results may not be
meaningful. In addition, our historical investment results may not necessarily be indicative of future performance. Due to the nature
of our reinsurance and investment strategies, our operating results will likely fluctuate from period to period. 

Compared
to most of our competitors, we are small and have low overhead expenses. We believe that our expense efficiency, agility and existing
relationships support our competitive position and allows us to profitably participate in lines of business that fit within our strategy.
Over time we expect our expense advantage could erode as the industry seeks to reduce frictional costs. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Developments 

Formation
of SurancePlus 

SurancePlus
Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited, was incorporated as a British Virgin Islands Business Company
on December 19, 2022 for the purposes of tokenizing reinsurance contracts underwritten by its affiliated licensed reinsurer, Oxbridge
Re NS. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company and SurancePlus Inc. SurancePlus ), issued a press release announcing the commencement of
an offering by SurancePlus of up to 5.0 million (USD) of DeltaCat Re Tokens (the Tokens ), which represent Series DeltaCat
Preferred Shares of SurancePlus Preferred Shares , and together with the Tokens, the Securities ). Each Token,
which will have a purchase price of 10.00 per Token, will represent one Preferred Share of SurancePlus. 

The
proceeds from the offer and sale of the Securities will be used by SurancePlus to purchase one or more participating notes of Oxbridge
Re NS, and the proceeds from the sale of participating notes will be invested in collateralized reinsurance contracts to be underwritten
by Oxbridge Re NS. The holders of the Securities will generally be entitled to proceeds from the payment of participating notes in the
amount of a preferred return of 12.00 plus 80 of any proceeds in excess of the amount necessary to pay the preferred return. Assuming
no casualty losses to properties reinsured by Oxbridge Re s reinsurance subsidiaries, DeltaCat Re token investors are expected
to receive a return on the original purchase price of the tokens of up to 196 after 3 years. 

The
Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state or
other securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent an effective registration statement or an applicable
exemption from registration requirements or a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any state
or other securities laws. The Securities will be sold in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and will be
sold only to persons reasonably believed to be accredited investors in the United States under SEC Rule 506(c) under the Securities Act
and outside the United States only to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

ATM
Facility 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Offering Agreement with Maxim Group
LLC, as sales agent (the Sales Agent ), pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell, from time to time, through the
Sales Agent up to 6,300,000 of the Company s ordinary shares, 0.001 par value Ordinary Shares ). The expiration
date of the Offering Agreement is the earlier of (i) the issuance and sale of the Ordinary Shares having an aggregate offering price
equal to 6,300,000, or (ii) the termination of the Offering Agreement by either the Sales Agent or the Company, in each such party s
sole discretion, upon the provision of thirty (30) days written notice. The Company will pay the Sales Agent a commission equal
to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the Ordinary Shares sold by the Sales Agent pursuant to the Offering Agreement. 

Sales
of the Ordinary Shares under the Offering Agreement, if any, may be made in transactions that are deemed to be at-the-market 
offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation sales made directly on or
through the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other existing trading market for the Ordinary Shares. The Sales Agent will use commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Ordinary Shares from time to time, based upon instructions
from the Company (including any price, time or amount limits the Company may impose). The Company is not obligated to make any sales
under the Offering Agreement. 

The
Ordinary Shares were registered pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262590) (the Registration
Statement ), and offerings of the Ordinary Shares will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement. 

Oxbridge
Acquisition Corp. 

On
August 16, 2021, Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. Oxbridge Acquisition or the SPAC ), a Cayman Islands special
purpose acquisition company in which the Company has an indirect investment through its wholly-owned licensed reinsurance subsidiary
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited OXRE ), announced the closing of an initial public offering of units Units ). In the initial public offering, Oxbridge Acquisition sold an aggregate of 11,500,000 Units at a price of
 10.00 per unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Each Unit consisted of one Class A ordinary share and one
redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share of Oxbridge Acquisition at
a price of 11.50 per share. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

The
initial public offering of Oxbridge Acquisition was sponsored by OAC Sponsor Ltd. Sponsor ). In connection with Oxbridge
Acquisition s initial public offering, Sponsor purchased from Oxbridge Acquisition, simultaneous with the closing of the initial
public offering, an aggregate of 4,897,500 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant 4,897,500 in the aggregate) in a private placement
(the Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
of Oxbridge Acquisition at 11.50 per share. In addition, Sponsor holds 2,875,000 shares of the Class B ordinary shares of Oxbridge Acquisition,
representing 20 of the outstanding shares of Oxbridge Acquisition (the Class B Shares ). 

In
connection with the organization of Sponsor, OXRE placed approximately 34.7 of the risk capital and owns approximately 49.6 and 63.1 
of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor (the Sponsor Equity Interest ). The preferred
shares of Sponsor are nonvoting shares and generally entitle the holders thereof to receive the net proceeds, if any, received by Sponsor
from the sale, exchange, or disposition of the Private Placement Warrants or the shares issuable upon the exercise thereof, and the ordinary
shares of Sponsor (which are voting shares in Sponsor) will generally be equivalent to the value of the Class B Shares of Oxbridge Acquisition
held by Sponsor. 

On
August 11, 2021, OXRE entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Sponsor (the Initial Share Purchase Agreement under
which OXRE purchased the Sponsor Equity Interest for an aggregate purchase price of 2,000,000. Under the Initial Share Purchase Agreement,
OXRE acquired an aggregate of 1,500,000 ordinary shares and 3,094,999 preferred shares of Sponsor. 

On
November 14, 2022, OXRE entered into a Second Share Purchase Agreement with Sponsor (the Second Share Purchase Agreement under which OXRE acquired an additional 285,000 ordinary shares of Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 285,000. 

In addition to the foregoing, the
Initial Share Purchase Agreement and the Second Share Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants. 

On
November 9, 2022, Oxbridge Acquisition held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, Oxbridge Acquisition s
shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which Oxbridge Acquisition must consummate a business combination from November 16, 2022
to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by Oxbridge Acquisition s Board) by amending Oxbridge Acquisition s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend Oxbridge Acquisition s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. 

In
connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Sponsor has agreed to contribute to Oxbridge Acquisition a loan of 575,000 (the
 Extension Loan ), to be deposited into Oxbridge Acquisition s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from November
16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company subscribed for additional ordinary shares in the Sponsor for an amount
of 285,000, representing the Company s pro-rata portion of the Extension Loan. As such, the Company s Sponsor Equity Interest
remained at approximately 49.6 and 63.1 of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company announced in a press release that Oxbridge Acquisition filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in connection with Oxbridge Acquisition s business combination with Jet Token Inc. Jet ),
a Delaware based company. Upon the closing of the transaction, the combined company will be named Jet.AI Inc. Jet offers fractional aircraft
ownership, jet card, aircraft brokerage and charter service through its fleet of private aircraft and those of Jet s Argus Platinum
operating partner. Jet s charter app enables travelers to look, book and fly. The funding and capital markets access from this
transaction is expected to enable Jet to continue its growth strategy of AI software development and fleet expansion. The business combination
is expected to be completed late in the second quarter of 2023. 

The
Company s wholly-owned licensed reinsurance subsidiary, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited Oxbridge Reinsurance ), is the
lead investor in Oxbridge Acquisition s sponsor and holds the equivalent of 1,426,180 Class B shares, which at closing of the business
combination will have a value of 14,261,800. This does not include the value of the 3,094,999 private placement warrants that the Company
beneficially holds in Oxbridge Acquisition. 

Our
Business Strategy 

Our
goal is to achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders through the prudent management of underwriting and investments
risks relative to our capital base. To achieve this objective, the following are the principal elements of our business strategy. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Maintain a Commitment
 to Disciplined Underwriting. We employ a disciplined and data-driven underwriting approach to select a diversified portfolio
 of risks that we believe will generate an attractive return to our shareholders over the long term. Neither our underwriting nor
 our investment strategies are designed to generate smooth or predictable quarterly earnings, but rather to optimize growth in book
 value per share over the long term. 

Focus on Risk Management.
 We treat risk management as an integral part of our underwriting and business management processes. All of our reinsurance
 contracts contain loss limitation provisions that limit our losses to the value of the assets collateralizing our reinsurance contracts. 

Deployment of Capital.
 In order to eliminate the possibility of complete losses, we intend to place only a portion of our total capital at risk
 in any single year. This means that we expect lower returns than some of our competitors in years where there are lower than average
 catastrophe losses but that our capital will not be completely eroded in the event of multiple large losses. 

Take Advantage of
 Market Opportunities. Although our business is initially focused on catastrophe coverage for Gulf Coast insurers we intend to continuously evaluate various market opportunities in
 which our business may be strategically or financially expanded or enhanced in the future. Such opportunities could take the form
 of investing into related party special purpose acquisition companies, further diversifying our business into other geographic or
 market areas, which could include quota share reinsurance contracts, joint ventures, renewal rights transactions, corporate acquisitions
 of other insurers or reinsurers, spinoffs, mergers or the formation of insurance or reinsurance platforms in new markets. 

We believe the environment
 in the reinsurance and insurance markets will continue to produce opportunities for us, either through organic expansion, through
 acquisitions, or a combination of both. 

The
Reinsurance Industry 

General 

Reinsurance
is an arrangement in which an insurance company, referred to as the reinsurer, agrees to assume from another insurance company, referred
to as the ceding company or cedant, all or a portion of the insurance risks that the ceding company has underwritten under one or more
insurance contracts. In return, the reinsurer receives a premium for the insured risks that it assumes from the ceding company, although
reinsurance does not discharge the ceding company from its liabilities to policyholders. It is standard industry practice for primary
insurers to reinsure portions of their insurance risks with other insurance companies under reinsurance agreements or contracts. This
permits primary insurers to underwrite policies in amounts larger than the risks they are willing to retain. Reinsurance is generally
designed to: 

Reduce
 the ceding company s net liability on individual risks, thereby assisting it in managing its risk profile and increasing its
 capacity to underwrite business as well as increasing the limit to which it can underwrite on a single risk; 

assist
 the ceding company in meeting applicable regulatory and rating agency capital requirements; 

assist
 the ceding company in reducing the short-term financial impact of sales and other acquisition costs; and 

enhance
 the ceding company s financial strength and statutory capital. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

When
reinsurance companies purchase reinsurance to cover their own risks assumed from ceding companies, this is known as retrocessional reinsurance.
Reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance can benefit a ceding company or reinsuring company, referred to herein as a retrocedant, 
as applicable, in various ways, such as by reducing exposure to individual risks and by providing catastrophe protection from larger
or multiple losses. Like ceding companies, retrocedants can use retrocessional reinsurance to manage their overall risk profile or to
create additional underwriting capacity, allowing them to accept larger risks or to write more business than would otherwise be possible,
absent an increase in their capital or surplus. 

Reinsurance
contracts do not discharge ceding companies from their obligations to policyholders. Ceding companies therefore generally require their
reinsurers to have, and to maintain, either a strong financial strength rating or security, in the form of collateral, as assurance that
their claims will be paid. 

Insurers
generally purchase multiple tranches of reinsurance protection above an initial retention elected by the insurer. The amount of reinsurance
protection purchased by an insurer is typically determined by the insurer through both quantitative and qualitative methods. In the event
of losses, the amount of loss that exceeds the amount of reinsurance protection purchased is retained by the insurer. 

As
a program is constructed from the ground up, each tranche added generally has a lower probability of loss than the prior tranche and
therefore is generally subject to a lower reinsurance premium charged for the reinsurance protection purchased. Insurer catastrophe programs
are typically supported by multiple reinsurers per program. 

Reinsurance
brokers play an important role in the reinsurance market. Brokers are intermediaries that assist the ceding company in structuring a
particular reinsurance program and in negotiating and placing risks with third-party reinsurers. In this capacity, the broker is selected
and retained by the ceding company on a contract-by-contract basis, rather than by the reinsurer. Though brokers are not parties to reinsurance
contracts, reinsurers generally receive premium payments from brokers rather than ceding companies, and reinsurers that do not provide
collateralized reinsurance are frequently required to pay amounts owed on claims under their policies to brokers. These brokers, in turn,
pay these amounts to the ceding companies that have reinsured a portion of their liabilities with reinsurers. 

Types
of Reinsurance Contracts 

Property
reinsurance products are often written in the form of treaty reinsurance contracts, which are contractual arrangements that provide for
the automatic reinsurance of a type or category of risk underwritten. Treaty reinsurance premiums, which are typically due in installments,
are a function of the number and type of contracts written, as well as prevailing market prices. The timing of premiums written varies
by line of business. The majority of property catastrophe business is written at the January and June annual renewal periods, depending
on the type and location of the risks covered. Most hurricane and wind-storm coverage, particularly in the Gulf Coast region of the United
States, is written at the June annual renewal periods. 

Property
catastrophe reinsurance contracts are typically all risk in nature, providing protection to the ceding company against
losses from hurricanes and other natural and man-made catastrophes such as floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, storms and fires, referred
to herein collectively as perils. The predominant exposures covered by these contracts are losses stemming from property
damage and business interruption resulting from a covered peril. Coverage can also vary from all natural perils, which
is the most expansive form, to more limited types such as windstorm-only coverage. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Property
catastrophe reinsurance contracts are typically written on an excess-of-loss basis, which provides coverage to the ceding
company when aggregate claims and claim expenses from a single occurrence for a covered peril exceed an amount that is specified in a
particular contract. The coverage provided under excess-of-loss reinsurance contracts may be on a worldwide basis or may be limited in
scope to specific regions or geographical areas. Under these contracts, protection is provided to an insurer for a portion of the total
losses in excess of a specified loss amount, up to a maximum amount per loss specified in the contract. 

Excess-of-loss
contracts are typically written on a losses-occurring basis, which means that they cover losses that occur during the contract term,
regardless of when the underlying policies came into force. Premiums from excess-of-loss contracts are earned ratably over the contract
term, which is ordinarily 12 months. Most excess-of-loss contracts provide for a reinstatement of coverage following a covered loss event
in return for an additional premium. 

Our
Reinsurance Contracts and Products 

We
write primarily property catastrophe reinsurance. We currently expect that substantially all of the reinsurance products we write in
the foreseeable future will be in the form of treaty reinsurance contracts. When we write treaty reinsurance contracts, we do not evaluate
separately each of the individual risks assumed under the contracts and are therefore largely dependent on the individual underwriting
decisions made by the cedant. Accordingly, as part of our initial review and renewal process, we carefully review and analyze the cedant s
risk management and underwriting practices in evaluating whether to provide treaty reinsurance and in appropriately pricing the treaty. 

Our
portfolio of business continues to be characterized by relatively large transactions with a relatively few number of cedants. We anticipate that our business will continue to be characterized
by a relatively small number of reinsurance contracts for the foreseeable future. 

Our
contracts are written on an excess-of-loss basis, generally with a per-event cap. We generally receive the premium for the risk assumed
and indemnify the cedant against all or a specified portion of losses and expenses in excess of a specified dollar or percentage amount.
Our contracts are generally both single-year or multi-year contracts and our policy years generally commence on June 1 of each year and
end on May 31 of the following year. 

The
bulk of our portfolio of risks is assumed pursuant to traditional reinsurance contracts. However, from time to time we take underwriting
risk by purchasing a catastrophe-linked bond, or via a transaction booked as an industry loss warranty (as described below) or an indemnity
swap. An indemnity swap is an agreement which provides for the exchange between two parties of different portfolios of catastrophe exposure
with similar expected loss characteristics (for example, U.S. earthquake exposure for Asian earthquake exposure). 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We
believe our most attractive near-term opportunity is in property catastrophe reinsurance coverage for insurance companies. In addition
to seeking profitable pricing, we manage our risks with contractual limits on our exposure. Property catastrophe reinsurance contracts
are typically all risk in nature, meaning that they protect against losses from earthquakes and hurricanes, as well as
other natural and man-made catastrophes such as tornados, fires, winter storms, and floods (where the contract specifically provides
for such coverage). Losses on these contracts typically stem from direct property damage and business interruption. We generally write
property catastrophe reinsurance on an excess-of-loss basis. These contracts typically cover only specific regions or geographical areas. 

We
are not licensed or admitted as an insurer in any jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands. In addition, we do not have a financial
rating and do not expect to have one in the near future. Many jurisdictions such as the United States do not permit clients to take credit
for reinsurance on their statutory financial statements if such reinsurance is obtained from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers without
appropriate collateral. As a result, we anticipate that all of our clients will require us to fully collateralize the reinsurance contracts
we bind with them. Each of our contracts are fully collateralized and separately structured, with our liability being limited to the
value of the assets held in the trust. We are generally not required to top-up the value of the assets held as collateral in respect
of a particular reinsurance agreement, unless such collateral is subject to market risk. For each reinsurance agreement, a reinsurance
trust is established in favor of the cedant, and the trustee of the reinsurance trust is a large bank that is agreed upon by our company
and the cedant. 

The
premium for the contract is ordinarily deposited into the trust, together with additional capital from our company, up to the coverage
limit. Each reinsurance contract contains express limited recourse language to the effect that the liabilities of the relevant reinsurance
contract are limited to the realizable value of the collateral held in respect of that contract. Upon the expiration of the reinsurance
contract, the assets of the trust net of insured losses and other expenses are transferred to our company. 

Underwriting
and Retrocessional Coverage 

Most
of our reinsurance contracts have other reinsurers participating as lead underwriters, and these lead underwriters generally set the
premium for the risk. We follow the premium pricing of the lead underwriters in most cases subject to the guidance of the Underwriting
Committee of our Board of Directors. Each quarter, our Board of Directors will set parameters for the maximum level of capital to be
deployed for the quarter and the expected premium and risk profile that each of our contracts must meet. 

Marketing
and Distribution 

We
expect that, in the future, the majority of our business will be sourced through reinsurance brokers. Brokerage distribution channels
provide us with access to an efficient, variable distribution system without the significant time and expense that would be incurred
in creating an in-house marketing and distribution network. Reinsurance brokers receive a brokerage commission that is usually a percentage
of gross premiums written. 

We
intend to build relationships with global reinsurance brokers and captive insurance companies located in the Cayman Islands. Our management
team has significant relationships with most of the primary and specialty broker intermediaries in the reinsurance marketplace in our
target market. We believe that maintaining close relationships with brokers will give us access to a broad range of reinsurance clients
and opportunities. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Brokers
do not have the authority to bind us to any reinsurance contract. We review and approve all contract submissions in our corporate offices
located in the Cayman Islands. From time to time, we may also enter into relationships with managing general agents who could bind us
to reinsurance contracts based on narrowly defined underwriting guidelines. 

Investment
Strategy 

Our
Company takes an opportunistic approach with respect to investment income, and intend to increase shareholder value through supplemental
investment income when favorable opportunities are available. The Company, from time to time, and dependent upon favorable investment
conditions and our investment guidelines, may invest in real estate and other ventures that have the potential to increase shareholder
value. Through its reinsurance subsidiaries, the Company has made and intend to make future investments that can contribute to the growth
of capital and surplus in its licensed reinsurance subsidiaries over time. 

Some
of our company s capital is held in trust accounts that collateralize the reinsurance policies that we write. The investment parameters
for capital held in such trust accounts are generally established by the cedant for the relevant policy. Currently, all amounts held
in trust accounts are in cash and cash equivalents. 

Our
Board of Directors periodically reviews our investment policy and returns. 

Claims
Management 

Claims
are managed internally by the company s management team. Management reviews and responds to initial loss reports, administers claims
databases, determines whether further investigation is required and where appropriate, retains outside claims counsel, establishes case
reserves and approves claims for payment. In addition, we may conduct audits of any significant client throughout the year, and in the
process, evaluate our clients claims handling abilities, reserving philosophies, loss notification processes and the overall quality
of our clients performance. 

Upon
receipt, claims notices are recorded within our underwriting, financial and claims systems. When we are notified of insured losses or
discover potential losses as part of our claims audits, we record a case reserve as appropriate for the estimated amount of the
exposure at that time. The estimate reflects the judgment of management based on general reserving practices, the experience and knowledge
of the manager regarding the nature of the specific claim and, where appropriate, advice of outside counsel. Reserves are also established
to provide for the estimated expense of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the general expenses of administering the
claims adjustment process. 

Loss
Reserves 

Loss
reserves represent estimates, including actuarial and statistical projections at a given point in time, of the ultimate settlement and
administration costs of claims incurred (including claims incurred but not reported IBNR )). Estimates are not precise
in that, among other things, they are based on predictions of future developments and estimates of future trends in claims severity and
frequency and other variable factors such as inflation. It is likely that the ultimate liability will be greater or less than such estimates
and that, at times, this variance will be material. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

For
our property and other catastrophe policies, we initially establish our loss reserves based on loss payments and case reserves reported
by ceding companies. As we are not the only reinsurer on most contracts, the lead reinsurer will set the loss amount estimates for the
contract and the cedant will have the ability to pay for case losses consistent with that amount on our pro-rata share of the contract. 

We
then add to these case reserves our estimates for IBNR. To establish our IBNR estimates, in addition to the loss information and estimates
communicated by cedants, we also use the services of an independent actuary. We may also use our computer-based vendor and proprietary
modeling systems to measure and estimate loss exposure under the actual event scenario, if available. Although the loss modeling systems
assist with the analysis of the underlying loss, and provide us with information and the ability to perform an enhanced analysis, the
estimation of claims resulting from catastrophic events is inherently difficult because of the variability and uncertainty of property
catastrophe claims and the unique characteristics of each loss. 

If
IBNR estimates are made, we assess the validity of the assumptions we use in the reserving process on a quarterly basis during an internal
review process. During this process actuaries verify that the assumptions we have made continue to form what they consider to be a sound
basis for projection of future liabilities. 

Although
we believe that we are prudent in our assumptions and methodologies, we cannot be certain that our ultimate payments will not vary, perhaps
materially, from the estimates we have made. If we determine that adjustments to an earlier estimate are appropriate, such adjustments
are recorded in the quarter in which they are identified. The establishment of new reserves, or the adjustment of reserves for reported
claims, could result in significant upward or downward changes to our financial condition or results of operations in any particular
period. We regularly review and update these estimates, using the most current information available to us. 

Our
estimates are reviewed quarterly by an independent actuary in order to provide additional insight into the reasonableness of our loss
reserves. 

Competition 

The
reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We expect to compete with major reinsurers, most of which are well established with significant
operating histories, strong financial strength ratings and long-standing client relationships. 

Our
competitors include Sirius Point Ltd., Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd., ACE Ltd., Everest Re, General Re Corporation,
Hannover Re Group, Munich Reinsurance Company, Partner Re Ltd., Swiss Reinsurance Company, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Berkshire
Hathaway, PartnerRe Ltd, Aeolus, and Nephila. Although we seek to provide coverage where capacity and alternatives are limited, we directly
compete with these larger companies due to the breadth of their coverage across the property and casualty market in substantially all
lines of business. We also compete with smaller companies and other niche reinsurers from time to time. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

While
we have a limited operating history, we believe that our unique approach to multi-year underwriting will allow us to be successful in
underwriting transactions against more established competitors. 

Employees 

As
of March 30, 2023, we had four employees, all of which were full-time. We believe that our relations with our employees are good. None of our employees are subject to collective bargaining
agreements, and we are not aware of any current efforts to implement such agreements. We believe that we will continue to have relatively
few employees and intend to outsource some functions to specialist firms in the Cayman Islands if and when we determine that such functions
are necessary. We intend to use the expertise of our Board of Directors and where necessary, external consultants to provide any other
service we may require from time to time. 

Legal
Proceedings 

We
are not currently involved in any litigation or arbitration. We anticipate that, similar to the rest of the insurance and reinsurance
industry, we will be subject to litigation and arbitration in the ordinary course of business. 

Regulation
and Capital Requirements 

Our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, each holds a Class C Insurer s License issued in accordance
with the terms of the Insurance Law (as revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Law ), and is subject to regulation by the Cayman
Islands Monetary Authority CIMA ), in terms of the Law. As the holder of a Class C Insurer s License, Oxbridge Reinsurance
Limited and Oxbridge Re NS are permitted to undertake insurance business approved by CIMA. 

Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements
could subject us to regulatory action. Pursuant to The Insurance (Capital and Solvency) (Classes B, C and D Insurers) Regulations, 2012
(the Capital and Solvency Regulations published under the Law, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS are required
to maintain the statutory minimum capital requirement (as defined under the Capital and Solvency Regulations) of 500 and prescribed
capital requirement (as defined under the Capital and Solvency Regulations) of 500, and a minimum margin of solvency equal to or in
excess of the total prescribed capital requirement. Any failure to meet the applicable requirements or minimum statutory capital requirements
could subject us to further examination or corrective action by CIMA, including restrictions on dividend payments, limitations on our
writing of additional business or engaging in finance activities, supervision or liquidation. 

CIMA
may at any time direct Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, in relation to a policy, a line of business or the entire business,
to cease or refrain from committing an act or pursing a course of conduct and to perform such acts as in the opinion of CIMA are necessary
to remedy or ameliorate the situation. See the discussion in Risk Factors under the heading Any suspension
or revocation of our reinsurance license would materially impact our ability to do business and implement our business strategy 
 for more information. 

In
addition, as a Cayman Islands exempted company, we may not carry on business or trade locally in the Cayman Islands except in furtherance
of our business outside the Cayman Islands, and we are prohibited from soliciting the public of the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any
of our securities or debt. We are further required to file a return with the Registrar of Companies in January of each year and to pay
an annual registration fee at that time. 

The
Cayman Islands has no exchange controls restricting dealings in currencies or securities. 

Available
Information 

Our
website is located at www.oxbridgere.com. Copies of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available,
free of change, on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material electronically with or furnish it to the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address
of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Summary
of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, 
that represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy. The occurrence of one or more
of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events
or circumstances may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. In that case,
the market price of our securities could decline, and you may lose some or all of your investment. Such risks include, but are not limited
to: 

We
 have made a significant investment in the sponsor of a blank check company commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition
 company SPAC ), and will suffer the loss of all of our investment if the SPAC does not complete an acquisition by August
 16, 2023. 

Our
 use of fair value accounting of our indirect investment in the SPAC could result in income statement volatility. 

Failure
 to become rated by A.M. Best, or receipt of a negative rating, could significantly and negatively affect our ability to grow. 

Established
 competitors with greater resources may make it difficult for us to effectively market our products or offer our products at a profit. 

If
 actual renewals of our existing contracts do not meet expectations, our premiums assumed in future years and our future results of
 operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Reputation
 is an important factor in the reinsurance industry, and our lack of an established reputation may make it difficult for us to attract
 or retain business. 

If
 our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be significantly and negatively
 affected. 

The
 property and casualty reinsurance market may be affected by cyclical trends and over-supply. 

Our
 property and property catastrophe reinsurance operations will make us vulnerable to losses from catastrophes and may cause our results
 of operations to vary significantly from period to period. 

We
 could face unanticipated losses from war, terrorism, and political unrest, and these or other unanticipated losses could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We
 depend on our clients evaluations of the risks associated with their insurance underwriting, which may subject us to reinsurance
 losses. 

Changing
 climate conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, profitability or cash flows. 

Operational
 risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business. 

The
 effect of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business is uncertain 

We
 are required to maintain sufficient collateral accounts, which could significantly and negatively affect our ability to implement
 our business strategy. 

The
 inability to obtain business provided from brokers could adversely affect our business strategy and results of operations. 

The
 involvement of reinsurance brokers may subject us to their credit risk. 

We
 may be unable to purchase reinsurance for the liabilities we reinsure, and if we successfully purchase such reinsurance, we may be
 unable to collect, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

U.S.
 and global economic downturns could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition and the price of our securities. 

Our
 ability to implement our business strategy could be delayed or adversely affected by Cayman Islands employment restrictions. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Security
 breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
 to suffer. 

If
 we lose or are unable to retain our senior management and other key personnel and are unable to attract qualified personnel, our
 ability to implement our business strategy could be delayed or hindered, which, in turn, could significantly and negatively affect
 our business. 

There
 are differences under Cayman Islands corporate law and Delaware corporate law with respect to interested party transactions which
 may benefit certain of our shareholders at the expense of other shareholders. 

Any
 suspension or revocation of our reinsurance license would materially impact our ability to do business and implement our business
 strategy. 

Our
 reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could
 subject us to regulatory action. 

As
 a holding company, we will depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. 

We
 are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law. 

Insurance
 regulations to which we are, or may become, subject, and potential changes thereto, could have a significant and negative effect
 on our business. 

We
 will likely be exposed to credit risk due to the possibility that counterparties may default on their obligations to us. 

Provisions
 of our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Articles could adversely affect the value
 of our securities. 

Provisions
 of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands could prevent a merger or takeover of our company. 

Holders
 of our securities may have difficulty obtaining or enforcing a judgment against us, and they may face difficulties in protecting
 their interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law. 

Provisions
 of our Articles may reallocate the voting power of our ordinary shares. 

We
 do not currently have an effective registration statement registering the issuance of the shares underlying our publicly traded warrants,
 and therefore you may not be able to exercise the warrants in a cash exercise. 

We
 may become subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands which would negatively affect our results. 

We
 may be subject to United States federal income taxation. 

We
 may be treated as a PFIC, in which case a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares should be subject to disadvantageous rules under U.S.
 federal income tax laws. We may be treated as a CFC and may be subject to the rules for related person insurance income, and in
 either case this may subject a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares to disadvantageous rules under U.S. federal income tax
 laws. 

United
 States tax-exempt organizations who own ordinary shares may recognize unrelated business taxable income. 

Changes
 in United States tax laws may be retroactive and could subject us, and/or United States persons who own ordinary shares to United
 States income taxation on our undistributed earnings. 

We
 do not intend to resume paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1A RISK FACTORS 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

We
have made a significant investment in the sponsor of a blank check company commonly referred to as a special purpose acquisition company SPAC ), and will suffer the loss of all of our investment if the SPAC does not complete an acquisition by August 16, 2023 

In
August 2021, we made an investment of 2,000,000 in OAC Sponsor Ltd Sponsor ), that served as the sponsor of Oxbridge Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company Oxbridge Acquisition ). The investment was made to fund, in part, Sponsor s
purchase of private placement warrants of Oxbridge Acquisition as a part of the sponsorship of Oxbridge Acquisition. Prior to a business
combination by Oxbridge Acquisition, Sponsor holds 100 of the shares of Class B ordinary shares and 4,897,500 Private Placement Warrants
of Oxbridge Acquisition. The Class B shares equal approximately 20 of the outstanding common stock of Oxbridge Acquisition. 

 On
November 14, 2022, we made an additional investment of 285,000 in connection with the SPAC s deadline extension to August 16,
2023. 

The
Company owns approximately 49.6 and 63.1 of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor (the Sponsor
Equity Interest ). The preferred shares of Sponsor are nonvoting shares and entitle the holders thereof to receive the net proceeds,
if any, received by Sponsor from the sale, exchange, or disposition of the Private Placement Warrants or the shares issuable upon the
exercise thereof, and the ordinary shares of Sponsor (which are voting shares in Sponsor) are equivalent to the value of the Class B
Shares of Oxbridge Acquisition held by Sponsor. Upon the successful completion of a business combination by Oxbridge Acquisition, the
proforma ownership of the new company will vary depending on the business combination terms. 

Although Oxbridge Acquisition
entered into a Business Combination Agreement and Plan of Reorganization on February 24, 2023 with Jet Token, Inc. that contemplates a
business combination transaction with Jet Token, Inc., there is no assurance that Oxbridge Acquisition will be successful in completing
such a business combination or that any business combination will be successful. The Company can lose its entire investment in Sponsor
if the contemplated business combination is not completed by August 16, 2023 or if the business combination is not successful, which would
materially adversely impact our shareholder value. 

Our
use of fair value accounting of our indirect investment in Oxbridge Acquisition could result in income statement volatility, which in
turn, could cause significant market price and trading volume fluctuations for our securities. 

Our
beneficial interests in Oxbridge Acquisition s Class B shares and Private Placement Warrants are recorded at fair value with
changes in fair value being recorded in the consolidated statement of operations during the period of change. The Company s
management makes a significant judgment and assumption that a business combination is more than likely to occur.. The fair value
calculation of the Company s beneficial interest in OXAC s Class B shares and Private Placement Warrants is dependent on
company-specific adjustments applied to the observable trading prices of OXAC Class A shares and public warrants. At December 31,
2022, the Company relied on an independent valuation specialist who estimates that a specific discount of 25.11 sufficiently
captures the risk or profit that a market participant would require as compensation for assuming the inherent risk of forfeiture if
a business combination does not occur and the lack of marketability of the Company s beneficial interests in the OXAC.
The Company classifies the investment in Oxbridge Acquisition as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to the unobservable input
of the company-specific adjustment. However, the Company can lose its entire investment if a business combination is not completed
by August 16, 2023 or if the business combination is not successful. Additionally, the fair value of the investment must be
remeasured quarterly. Because of this, our earnings may experience greater volatility in the future as a decline in the fair value
of our investment in Oxbridge Acquisition could significantly reduce both our earnings and shareholders equity, which in
turn, could cause significant market price and trading volume fluctuations for our securities. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

We
will need additional capital in the future in order to grow and operate our business. Such capital may not be available to us or may
not be available to us on favorable terms. Furthermore, our raising additional capital could dilute your ownership interest in our company. 

We
expect that we will need to raise additional capital in the future through public or private equity or debt offerings or otherwise in
order to: 

further
 capitalize our reinsurance subsidiaries and implement our growth strategy; 

fund
 liquidity needs caused by underwriting or investment losses; 

replace
 capital lost in the event of significant reinsurance losses or adverse reserve developments; 

meet
 applicable statutory jurisdiction requirements; and/or 

respond
 to competitive pressures. 

Additional
capital may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all. Further, any additional capital raised through the sale of equity could
dilute your ownership interest in our company and may cause the market price of our ordinary shares and warrants to decline. Additional
capital raised through the issuance of debt may result in creditors having rights, preferences and privileges senior or otherwise superior
to those of our ordinary shares and warrants. 

Our
results of operations will fluctuate from period to period and may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 

We
anticipate that the performance of our reinsurance operations and our investment portfolio will fluctuate from period to period. Fluctuations
will result from a variety of factors, including: 

reinsurance
 contract pricing; 

our
 assessment of the quality of available reinsurance opportunities; 

the
 volume and mix of reinsurance products we underwrite; 

loss
 experienced on our reinsurance liabilities; 

our
 ability to assess and integrate our risk management strategy properly; and 

the
 performance of our investment portfolio, including our indirect investment in the SPAC. 

In
particular, we plan to underwrite products and make investments to achieve favorable return on equity over the long term. In addition,
our opportunistic nature and focus on long-term growth in book value will result in fluctuations in total premiums written from period
to period as we concentrate on underwriting contracts that we believe will generate better long-term, rather than short-term, results.
Accordingly, our short-term results of operations may not be indicative of our long-term prospects. 

Failure
to become rated by A.M. Best, or receipt of a negative rating, could significantly and negatively affect our ability to grow. 

Companies,
insurers and reinsurance brokers use ratings from independent ratings agencies as an important means of assessing the financial strength
and quality of reinsurers. This rating reflects the rating agency s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance and
ability to meet obligations. It is not an evaluation directed toward the protection of investors or a recommendation to buy, sell or
hold our securities. A.M. Best assigns ratings based on its analysis of balance sheet strength, operating performance and business profile. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Currently,
A.M Best has not assigned us a financial strength rating, and we do not intend to seek a rating in the foreseeable future. Without a
rating, or if we received a negative rating, our growth potential and business strategy will be limited because of the need to collateralize
the insurance policies that we write. 

Established
competitors with greater resources may make it difficult for us to effectively market our products or offer our products at a profit. 

The
reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We compete with major reinsurers, all of which have substantially greater financial, marketing
and management resources than we do. Competition in the types of business that we seek to underwrite is based on many factors, including: 

premium
 charges; 

the
 general reputation and perceived financial strength of the reinsurer; 

relationships
 with reinsurance brokers; 

terms
 and conditions of products offered; 

ratings
 assigned by independent rating agencies; 

speed
 of claims payment and reputation; and 

the
 experience and reputation of the members of our underwriting team in the particular lines of reinsurance we seek to underwrite. 

Additionally,
although the members of our underwriting team have general experience across many property and casualty lines, they may not have the
requisite experience or expertise to compete for all transactions that fall within our strategy of offering customized frequency and
severity contracts at times and in markets where capacity and alternatives may be limited. 

Our
competitors include Sirius Ltd., Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd., ACE Ltd., Everest Re, General Re Corporation,
Hannover Re Group, Munich Reinsurance Company, Partner Re Ltd., Swiss Reinsurance Company, Transatlantic Reinsurance Company, Berkshire
Hathaway, PartnerRe Ltd, Aeolus, and Nephila, as well as smaller companies and other niche reinsurers. Although we seek to provide coverage
where capacity and alternatives are limited, we will directly compete with these larger companies due to the breadth of their coverage
across the property and casualty market in substantially all lines of business. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the reinsurance market. Our failure to compete effectively could significantly
and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations and may increase the likelihood that we may be deemed to be a
passive foreign investment company or an investment company. 

If
actual renewals of our existing contracts do not meet expectations, our premiums assumed in future years and our future results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. 

Many
of our contracts are generally written for a one-year term. In our financial forecasting process, we make assumptions about the renewal
of our prior year s contracts. The insurance and reinsurance industries have historically been cyclical businesses with periods
of intense competition, often based on price. If actual renewals do not meet expectations or if we choose not to write on a renewal basis
because of pricing conditions, our premiums assumed in future years and our future operations would be materially adversely affected. 

Reputation
is an important factor in the reinsurance industry, and our lack of an established reputation may make it difficult for us to attract
or retain business. 

Reputation
is a very important factor in the reinsurance industry, and competition for business is, in part, based on reputation. Although our reinsurance
policies will be fully collateralized, we are a relatively newly formed reinsurance company and do not yet have a well-established reputation
in the reinsurance industry. Our lack of an established reputation may make it difficult for us to attract or retain business. In addition,
we do not have or currently intend to obtain financial strength ratings, which may discourage certain counterparties from entering into
reinsurance contracts with us. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

If
our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves, our financial condition may be significantly and negatively
affected. 

Our
results of operations and financial condition will depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses and loss adjustment
expenses associated with the risks we reinsure. Reserves are estimates at a given time of claims an insurer ultimately expects to pay,
based upon facts and circumstances then known, predictions of future events, estimates of future trends in claim severity and other variable
factors. The inherent uncertainties of estimating loss reserves are generally greater for reinsurance companies as compared to primary
insurers, primarily due to: 

the
 lapse of time from the occurrence of an event to the reporting of the claim and the ultimate resolution or settlement of the claim; 

the
 diversity of development patterns among different types of reinsurance treaties; and 

the
 necessary reliance on the client for information regarding claims. 

Our
estimation of reserves may be less reliable than the reserve estimations of a reinsurer with a greater volume of business and an established
loss history. Our actual losses and loss adjustment expenses paid may deviate substantially from the estimates of our loss reserves and
could negatively affect our results of operations. If our loss reserves are later found to be inadequate, we would increase our loss
reserves with a corresponding reduction in our net income and capital in the period in which we identify the deficiency, and such a reduction
would also negatively affect our results of operations. If our losses and loss adjustment expenses greatly exceed our loss reserves,
our financial condition may be significantly and negatively affected. 

The
property and casualty reinsurance market may be affected by cyclical trends and over-supply. 

We
write reinsurance in the property and casualty markets, which tend to be cyclical in nature. Ceding company underwriting results, prevailing
general economic and market conditions, liability retention decisions of companies and ceding companies and reinsurance premium rates
each influence the demand for property and casualty reinsurance. Prevailing prices and available surplus to support assumed business
then influence reinsurance supply. Supply may fluctuate in response to changes in return on capital realized in the reinsurance industry,
the frequency and severity of losses and prevailing general economic and market conditions. 

Continued
increases in the supply of reinsurance may have consequences for the reinsurance industry generally and for us, including lower premium
rates, increased expenses for customer acquisition and retention, less favorable policy terms and conditions and/or lower premium volume.
Furthermore, unpredictable developments, including courts granting increasingly larger awards for certain damages, increases in the frequency
of natural disasters (such as hurricanes, windstorms, tornados, earthquakes, wildfires and floods), fluctuations in interest rates, changes
in the investment environment that affect market prices of investments and inflationary pressures, affect the industry s profitability.
The effects of cyclicality could significantly and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Due
to the influx of new risk capital from alternative capital market participants such as hedge funds and pension funds, we believe that
the reinsurance industry is currently over-capitalized and will continue in this trend for the foreseeable future. The over-capitalization
of the market is not uniform as there are a number of insurers and reinsurers that have suffered and continue to suffer from capacity
issues. We continue to assess the opportunities that may be available to us with insurance and reinsurance companies with this profile.
If the reinsurance market continues to soften, our strategy is to reduce premium writings rather than accept mispriced risk and conserve
our capital for a more opportune environment. Significant rate increases could occur if financial and credit markets experience adverse
shocks that result in the loss of capital of insurers and reinsurers, or if there are major catastrophic events, especially in North
America. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Our
property and property catastrophe reinsurance operations will make us vulnerable to losses from catastrophes and may cause our results
of operations to vary significantly from period to period. 

Our
reinsurance operations expose us to claims arising out of unpredictable catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, hailstorms, tornados,
windstorms, earthquakes, floods, fires, explosions, and other natural or man-made disasters. Because of our emphasis on Florida, we are particularly vulnerable to hurricanes and with windstorm losses occurring
in Florida. The incidence and severity of catastrophes
are inherently unpredictable but the loss experience of property catastrophe reinsurers has been generally characterized as low frequency
and high severity. Claims from catastrophic events could reduce our earnings and cause substantial volatility in our results of operations
for any fiscal quarter or year and adversely affect our financial condition. Corresponding reductions in our surplus levels could impact
our ability to write new reinsurance policies. 

Catastrophic
losses are a function of the insured exposure in the affected area and the severity of the event. Because accounting standards do not
permit reinsurers to reserve for catastrophic events until they occur, claims from catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility
in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could significantly and negatively affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
could face unanticipated losses from war, terrorism, and political unrest, and these or other unanticipated losses could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Like
other reinsurers, we face potential exposure to large, unexpected losses resulting from man-made catastrophic events, such as acts of
war, acts of terrorism and political instability. These risks are inherently unpredictable and recent events may indicate that the frequency
and severity of these types of losses may increase. It is difficult to predict the timing of these events or to estimate the amount of
loss that any given occurrence will generate. To the extent that losses from these risks occur, our financial condition and results of
operations could be significantly and negatively affected. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

We
depend on our clients evaluations of the risks associated with their insurance underwriting, which may subject us to reinsurance
losses. 

In
the proportional reinsurance business, in which we assume an agreed percentage of each underlying insurance contract being reinsured,
or quota share contracts, we do not separately evaluate each of the original individual risks assumed under these reinsurance contracts.
Therefore, we are largely dependent on the original underwriting decisions made by ceding companies. We are subject to the risk that
the clients may not have adequately evaluated the insured risks and that the premiums ceded may not adequately compensate us for the
risks we assume. We also do not separately evaluate each of the individual claims made on the underlying insurance contracts under quota
share arrangements. Therefore, we are dependent on the original claims decisions made by our clients. 

Changing
climate conditions may adversely affect our financial condition, profitability or cash flows. 

Climate
change, to the extent it produces extreme changes in temperatures and changes in weather patterns, could impact the frequency or severity
of weather events and wildfires. Further, it could impact the affordability and availability of homeowners insurance, which could have
an impact on pricing. Changes in weather patterns could also affect the frequency and severity of other natural catastrophe events to
which we may be exposed. The occurrence of these events would significantly and negatively affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Operational
risks, including human or systems failures, are inherent in our business. 

Operational
risks and losses can result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal
authorization, failure to comply with regulatory requirements, information technology failures or external events. 

We
believe that our modeling, underwriting and information technology and application systems are critical to our business and our growth
prospects. Moreover, we rely on our information technology and application systems to further our underwriting process and to enhance
our ability to compete successfully. A major defect or failure in our internal controls or information technology and application systems
could result in management distraction, harm to our reputation or increased expenses. 

The
effect of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business is uncertain. 

As
industry practices and legal, judicial and regulatory conditions change, unexpected issues related to claims and coverage may emerge.
It is possible that certain provisions of our future reinsurance contracts, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice
of forum, may be difficult to enforce in the manner we intend, due to, among other things, disputes relating to coverage and choice of
legal forum. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond the period that we intended or by increasing
the number or size of claims. In some instances, these changes may not manifest themselves until many years after we have issued insurance
or reinsurance contracts that are affected by these changes. As a result, we may not be able to ascertain the full extent of our liabilities
under our insurance or reinsurance contracts for many years following the issuance of our contracts. The effects of unforeseen development
or substantial government intervention could adversely impact our ability to adhere to our goals. 

We
are required to maintain sufficient collateral accounts, which could significantly and negatively affect our ability to implement our
business strategy. 

We
are not licensed or admitted as a reinsurer in any jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands. Certain jurisdictions, including the United
States, do not permit insurance companies to take credit for reinsurance obtained from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers on their statutory
financial statements unless appropriate security measures are implemented. Consequently, we must continue to maintain sufficient funds
in escrow accounts to serve as collateral for our reinsurance contracts. Because we intend to continue to utilize our funds (rather than
utilizing the credit markets) to serve as collateral for our reinsurance obligations, we may not be able to fully utilize our capital
to expand our reinsurance coverage as rapidly as other reinsurers. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

The
inability to obtain business provided from brokers could adversely affect our business strategy and results of operations. 

We
anticipate that a substantial portion of our business will be placed primarily through brokered transactions, which involve a limited
number of reinsurance brokers. If we are unable to identify and grow the brokered business provided through one or more of these reinsurance
brokers, many of whom may not be familiar with our Cayman Islands jurisdiction, this failure could significantly and negatively affect
our business and results of operations. 

The
involvement of reinsurance brokers may subject us to their credit risk. 

As
a standard practice of the reinsurance industry, reinsurers frequently pay amounts owed on claims under their policies to reinsurance
brokers, and these brokers, in turn, remit these amounts to the ceding companies that have reinsured a portion of their liabilities with
the reinsurer. In some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, the reinsurer might remain liable to the client for the
deficiency notwithstanding the broker s obligation to make such payment. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, when the client
pays premiums for policies to reinsurance brokers for payment to the reinsurer, these premiums are considered to have been paid and the
client will no longer be liable to the reinsurer for these premiums, whether or not the reinsurer has actually received them. Consequently,
we assume a degree of credit risk associated with the brokers that we do business with. 

We
may be unable to purchase reinsurance for the liabilities we reinsure, and if we successfully purchase such reinsurance, we may be unable
to collect, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Retrocessional
coverage (reinsurance for the liabilities we reinsure) may not always be available to us. From time to time, we expect that we will purchase
retrocessional coverage for our own account in order to mitigate the effect of a potential concentration of losses upon our financial
condition. The insolvency or inability or refusal of a reinsurer of reinsurance to make payments under the terms of its agreement with
us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to our client. From time to time, market conditions have limited, and
in some cases have prevented, reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of retrocession that they consider adequate for their business
needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain our desired amounts of retrocessional coverage or negotiate terms that we deem appropriate
or acceptable or obtain retrocession from entities with satisfactory creditworthiness. Our failure to establish adequate retrocessional
arrangements or the failure of our retrocessional arrangements to protect us from overly concentrated risk exposure could significantly
and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

U.S.
and global economic downturns could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition and the price of our securities. 

Weak
economic conditions may adversely affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the
ability of customers, counterparties and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently
use internal and external capital resources and our investment performance. Volatility in the U.S. and other securities markets may adversely
affect our investment portfolio and our resulting results of operations. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Our
ability to implement our business strategy could be delayed or adversely affected by Cayman Islands employment restrictions. 

Under
Cayman Islands law, persons who are not Caymanian, do not possess Caymanian status, or are not otherwise entitled to reside and work
in the Cayman Islands pursuant to provisions of the Immigration Law (2015 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, which we refer to as the Immigration
Law, may not engage in any gainful occupation in the Cayman Islands without an appropriate governmental work permit. Although Jay Madhu
and Wrendon Timothy have obtained Permanent Residency in the Cayman Islands, the failure to obtain work permits, or extensions thereof,
for other employee(s) could prevent us from continuing to implement our business strategy seamlessly. 

Security
breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation
to suffer. 

In
the ordinary course of our business, we may collect and store sensitive data, including proprietary business, in our data centers and
on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy.
Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due
to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could
be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims
or proceedings, disrupt our operations, and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive
position. 

If
we lose or are unable to retain our senior management and other key personnel and are unable to attract qualified personnel, our ability
to implement our business strategy could be delayed or hindered, which, in turn, could significantly and negatively affect our business. 

Although
we only employ four individuals, two of whom are members of senior management, our future success may depend to a significant extent
on the efforts of our senior management and other key personnel (who have not yet been hired) to implement our business strategy. We
believe there are only a limited number of available, qualified executives with substantial experience in our industry. In addition,
we will need to add personnel, including underwriters, to implement our business strategy. We could face challenges attracting personnel
to the Cayman Islands. Accordingly, the loss of the services of one or more of the members of our senior management or other key personnel
(when hired), or our inability to hire and retain other key personnel, could delay or prevent us from fully implementing our business
strategy and, consequently, significantly and negatively affect our business. 

We
do not currently maintain key man life insurance with respect to any of our senior management. If any member of senior management dies
or becomes incapacitated, or leaves the Company to pursue employment opportunities elsewhere, we would be solely responsible for locating
an adequate replacement for such senior management and for bearing any related cost. To the extent that we are unable to locate an adequate
replacement or are unable to do so within a reasonable period of time, our business may be significantly and negatively affected. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

There
are differences under Cayman Islands corporate law and Delaware corporate law with respect to interested party transactions which may
benefit certain of our shareholders at the expense of other shareholders. 

Under
Cayman Islands corporate law, a director may vote on a contract or transaction where the director has an interest as a shareholder, director,
officer or employee provided such interest is disclosed. None of our contracts will be deemed to be void because any director is an interested
party in such transaction and interested parties will not be held liable for monies owed to the company. In contracts, under Delaware
law, interested party transactions are potentially voidable. 

Risks
Relating to Insurance and Other Regulations 

Any
suspension or revocation of our reinsurance licenses would materially impact our ability to do business and implement our business strategy. 

Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS are each licensed as an insurer only in the Cayman Islands by CIMA, and we do not intend to obtain
a license in any other jurisdiction. The suspension or revocation of each of our licenses to do business as a reinsurance company in
the Cayman Islands for any reason would mean that we would not be able to enter into any new reinsurance contracts until the suspension
ended or we became licensed in another jurisdiction. Any such suspension or revocation of our licenses would negatively impact our reputation
in the reinsurance marketplace and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

As
a regulated insurance company, each of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS is subject to the supervision of CIMA and CIMA
may at any time direct Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and/or Oxbridge Re NS, in relation to a policy, a line of business or the entire
business, to cease or refrain from committing an act or pursing a course of conduct and to perform such acts as in the opinion of CIMA
are necessary to remedy or ameliorate the situation. 

Furthermore,
in certain circumstances, including when CIMA is of the opinion that: 

a
 licensee either is or appears to be likely to become unable to meet its obligations as they fall due; 

a
 licensee is carrying on its business in a manner which is seen as detrimental to the general public interest or to the interests
 of its creditors or policy holders; 

the
 activities of any member of the licensee s insurance group are detrimental to those interests of the licensee s creditors,
 as well as its policy holders; 

a
 licensee has contravened the Law or the Money Laundering Regulations (2015 Revision) of the Cayman Islands; 

the
 licensee has failed to comply with a condition of its license such as maintaining a margin of solvency as prescribed by CIMA; 

the
 direction and/or management of the licensee s business has not been conducted in a fit and proper manner; 

a
 director, manager or officer of the licensee s business is not someone who would qualify or be seen as a person suitable to
 hold the respective position; 

any
 person who is either holding or acquiring control or ownership of the licensee is not a fit and proper person to have such control
 or ownership; 

the
 licensee has ceased to carry on business; or 

the
 licensee is placed in liquidation or is dissolved; 

CIMA
may take one of a number of steps, including: 

requiring
 the licensee to take steps to rectify the matter; 

suspending
 the license of the licensee pending a full inquiry into the licensee s affairs; 

revoking
 the license; 

imposing
 conditions upon the licensee in terms of decisions made by it, including the suspension of voting rights or nullification of votes
 cast by it, and amending or revoking any such condition; 

requiring
 the substitution or removal of any director, manager or officer of the licensee, at the expense of the licensee; 

appointing
 a person to advise the licensee on the proper conduct of its affairs, at the expense of the licensee; 

appointing
 a person to assume control of the licensee s affairs; or 

otherwise
 requiring such action to be taken by the licensee as CIMA considers necessary. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Failures
to comply with a direction given by CIMA may be punishable by a fine of up to five hundred thousand Cayman Islands dollars (US 609,756.10
based on the Cayman Islands pegged exchange rate of CI 0.82 per US 1.00) or imprisonment for a term of five years or both, and
a fine of an additional ten thousand Cayman Islands dollars (US 12,195.12) for every day after conviction on which the offense so continues. 

Our
reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to minimum capital and surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject
us to regulatory action. 

Pursuant
to the Capital and Solvency Regulations, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, our reinsurance subsidiaries, are each required
to maintain the statutory minimum capital requirement (as defined under the Capital and Solvency Regulations) of 500 and prescribed
capital requirement (as defined under the Capital and Solvency Regulations) of 500, and a minimum margin of solvency equal to or in
excess of the total prescribed capital requirement. Any failure to meet the applicable requirements or minimum statutory capital requirements
could subject us to further examination or corrective action by CIMA, including restrictions on dividend payments, limitations on our
writing of additional business or engaging in finance activities, supervision or liquidation. 

As
a holding company, we will depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends. 

We
are a holding company and do not have any significant operations or assets other than our ownership of the shares of our subsidiaries
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS. Dividends and other permitted distributions from our subsidiaries will be our primary
source of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including future debt service payments, if any, and other expenses, and to pay dividends
to our shareholders if we choose to do so. Our subsidiaries will be subject to applicable law as well as significant regulatory restrictions
limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. The inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends in an amount sufficient to enable
us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to pay dividends
to our shareholders if we choose to do so and/or meet our debt service obligations, if any. 

We
are subject to the risk of possibly becoming an investment company under U.S. federal securities law. 

In
the United States, the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), regulates certain companies
that invest in or trade securities. We run the risk of inadvertently being deemed to be an investment company that is required to register
under the Investment Company because a significant portion of our assets may be deemed to consist of, or may be deemed to have consisted
of, investment securities, including potentially Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited s interest in Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. However,
we rely on an exemption under the Investment Company Act for an entity organized and regulated as a foreign insurance company which is
engaged primarily and predominantly in the reinsurance of risks on insurance agreements. The law in this area is subjective and there
is a lack of guidance as to the meaning of primarily and predominantly under the relevant exemption to the
Investment Company Act. For example, there is no standard for the amount of premiums that need to be written relative to the level of
an entity s capital in order to qualify for the exemption. If this exception were deemed inapplicable, we would have to seek to
register under the Investment Company Act as an investment company, which, under the Investment Company Act, would require an order from
the SEC. Our inability to obtain such an order could have a significant adverse impact on our business, as we might have to cease certain
operations or risk substantial penalties for violating the Investment Company Act. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Registered
investment companies are subject to extensive, restrictive and potentially adverse regulation relating to, among other things, capital
structure, leverage, management, dividends and transactions with affiliates. Registered investment companies are not permitted to operate
their business in the manner in which we operate (and intend to operate) our business. Specifically, if we were required to register
under the Investment Company Act, provisions of the Investment Company Act would limit (and in some cases even prohibit) our ability
to raise additional debt and equity securities or issue options or warrants (which could impact our ability to compensate key employees),
limit our ability to use financial leverage, limit our ability to incur indebtedness, and require changes to the composition of our Board
of Directors. Provisions of the Investment Company Act would also prohibit (subject to certain exceptions) transactions with affiliates. 

Accordingly,
if we were required to register as an investment company, we would not be permitted to have many of the relationships that we have or
expect that we may have with affiliated companies. 

If
at any time it were established that we had been operating as an investment company in violation of the registration requirements of
the Investment Company Act, there would be a risk, among other material adverse consequences, that we could become subject to monetary
penalties or injunctive relief, or both, or that we would be unable to enforce contracts with third parties or that third parties could
seek to obtain rescission of transactions with us undertaken during the period in which it was established that we were an unregistered
investment company. 

Insurance
regulations to which we are, or may become, subject, and potential changes thereto, could have a significant and negative effect on our
business. 

Although
we do not presently expect that we will conduct business in any jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands, we cannot assure you that
insurance regulators in the United States or elsewhere will not review our activities and claim that we are subject to such jurisdiction s
insurance licensing requirements. In addition, we are subject to indirect regulatory requirements imposed by jurisdictions that may limit
our ability to provide reinsurance. For example, our ability to write reinsurance may be subject, in certain cases, to arrangements satisfactory
to applicable regulatory bodies, and proposed legislation and regulations may have the effect of imposing additional requirements upon,
or restricting the market for, non-U.S. reinsurers such as Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, with whom domestic companies
may place business. We do not know of any such proposed legislation pending at this time. 

Furthermore,
we may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain desired exemptions from, revised statutes, regulations and policies that currently,
or may in the future, govern the conduct of our business. Failure to comply with, or to obtain desired authorizations and/or exemptions
under, any applicable laws could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in the
jurisdictions in which we operate and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. In addition, changes in the laws or regulations
to which our reinsurance subsidiary is subject or may become subject, or in the interpretations thereof by enforcement or regulatory
agencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, our business plans, and our growth strategy. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

We
will likely be exposed to credit risk due to the possibility that counterparties may default on their obligations to us. 

Due
to our investments in our portfolio, we are exposed to credit risk due to the possibility that counterparties may default on their obligations
to us. Issuers or borrowers whose securities or debt we hold, customers, reinsurers, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses and
other financial intermediaries and guarantors may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity,
adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. Such defaults could have a significant and negative effect
on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Risks
Relating to our Securities 

Provisions
of our Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Articles could adversely affect the value of
our securities. 

Our
Articles permit our Board of Directors to allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of further shares (including fractions
of such share) with or without preferred, deferred or other rights or restrictions, whether in regard to dividend or other distribution,
voting, return of capital or otherwise and to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as they consider appropriate. Accordingly,
our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred shares with terms and conditions and under circumstances that could have
an effect of discouraging a takeover or other transaction, deny shareholders the receipt of a premium on their ordinary shares in the
event of a tender or other offer for ordinary shares and have a depressive effect on the value of our ordinary shares. 

Provisions
of the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands could prevent a merger or takeover of our company. 

As
compared to mergers under corporate law in the United States, it may be more difficult to consummate a merger of two or more companies
in the Cayman Islands or the merger of one or more Cayman Islands companies with one or more overseas companies, even if such transaction
would be beneficial to our shareholders. The Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, as amended (the Companies Law ), permits
mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands companies and between Cayman Islands companies and non-Cayman Islands companies. For
these purposes, (a) merger means the merging of two or more constituent companies and the vesting of their undertaking,
property and liabilities in one of such companies as the surviving company and (b) a consolidation means the combination
of two or more constituent companies into a combined company and the vesting of the undertaking, property and liabilities of such companies
to the consolidated company. In order to effect such a merger or consolidation, the directors of each constituent company must approve
a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must then be authorized by (a) a special resolution of the shareholders of each constituent
company, and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. The
written plan of merger or consolidation must be filed with the Registrar of Companies together with a declaration as to the solvency
of the consolidated or surviving company, a list of the assets and liabilities of each constituent company and an undertaking that a
copy of the certificate of merger or consolidation will be given to the shareholders and creditors of each constituent company and that
notification of the merger or consolidation will be published in the Cayman Islands Gazette. Dissenting shareholders have the right to
be paid the fair value of their shares (which, if not agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) if
they follow the required procedures, subject to certain exceptions. Court approval is not required for a merger or consolidation which
is effected in compliance with these statutory procedures. 

In
addition, there are statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies, provided that the arrangement
is approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders or creditors (representing 75 by value) with whom the arrangement
is to be made and who must, in addition, represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case
may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meetings, convened for that purpose. The convening
of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder
has the right to express to the court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the
arrangement if it determines that: 

the
 statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have been met; 

the
 shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the statutory majority are acting bona fide without coercion
 of the minority to promote interests adverse to those of the class; 

the
 arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an intelligent and honest man of that class acting in respect of his interest;
 and 

the
 arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Law. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

When
a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period
commencing on the expiration of such four-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms
of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but such objection is unlikely to succeed in the case
of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith or collusion. 

If
an arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved, the dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which
would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of certain corporations incorporated in the United States, including
Delaware corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares. 

Holders
of our securities may have difficulty obtaining or enforcing a judgment against us, and they may face difficulties in protecting their
interests because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law. 

Because
we are a Cayman Islands company, there is uncertainty as to whether the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands would recognize or enforce
judgments of United States courts obtained against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United
States or any state thereof, or be competent to hear original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us predicated upon the securities
laws of the United States or any state thereof. 

We
are incorporated as an exempted company limited by shares under the Companies Law. A significant amount of our assets are located outside
of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for persons purchasing our securities to effect service of process within the
United States upon us or to enforce judgments against us or judgments obtained in U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions
of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state of the United States. 

Although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands
will, based on the principle that a judgment by a competent foreign court will impose upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the
sum for which judgment has been given, recognize and enforce a foreign judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction if such judgment
is final, for a liquidated sum, not in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty if not inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect
of the same matters, and was not obtained in a manner, and is not of a kind, the enforcement of which is contrary to the public policy
of the Cayman Islands. There is doubt, however, as to whether the courts of the Cayman Islands will, in an original action in the Cayman
Islands, recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United
States or any state of the United States on the grounds that such provisions are penal in nature. Furthermore, a Cayman Islands court
may stay proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Unlike
many jurisdictions in the United States, Cayman Islands law does not specifically provide for shareholder appraisal rights on a merger
or consolidation of an entity. This may make it more difficult for shareholders to assess the value of any consideration they may receive
in a merger or consolidation or to require that the offeror give a shareholder additional consideration if he believes the consideration
offered is insufficient. In addition, shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies such as ours have no general rights under Cayman
Islands law to inspect corporate records and accounts. Our directors have discretion under our Articles to determine whether or not,
and under what conditions, the corporate records may be inspected by shareholders, but are not obligated to make them available to shareholders.
This fact may make it more difficult for shareholders to obtain the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder
motion or to solicit proxies from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest. Finally, subject to limited exceptions, under
Cayman Islands law, a minority shareholder may not bring a derivative action against our Board of Directors. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Provisions
of our Articles may reallocate the voting power of our ordinary shares. 

In
certain circumstances, the total voting power of our ordinary shares held by any one person will be reduced to less than 9.9 of the
total voting power of the total issued and outstanding ordinary shares. In the event a holder of our ordinary shares acquires shares
representing 9.9 or more of the total voting power of our total ordinary shares, there will be an effective reallocation of the voting
power of the ordinary shares as described in the Articles. 

We
do not currently have an effective registration statement registering the issuance of the shares underlying our publicly traded warrants,
and therefore you may not be able to exercise the warrants in a cash exercise. 

For
you to be able to effect a cash exercise our publicly traded warrants, the sale of the ordinary shares to be issued to you upon exercise
of the warrants must be covered by an effective and current registration statement. We have not maintained a current registration statement
relating to the sale of the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. As a result, you would be unable to exercise the warrants
in a cash exercise and will be required to engage in a cashless exercise in which a number of warrant shares equal to the fair market
value of the exercised shares will be withheld. In those circumstances, we may, but are not required to, redeem the warrants by payment
in cash. Consequently, there is a possibility that you will never be able to exercise the warrants and receive the underlying ordinary
shares. This potential inability to exercise the warrants in a cash exercise, our right to cancel the warrants under certain circumstances,
and the possibility that we may redeem the warrants for nominal value, may have an adverse effect on demand for the warrants and the
prices that can be obtained from reselling them. 

Risks
Relating to Taxation 

We
may become subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands which would negatively affect our results. 

Under
current Cayman Islands law, we are not obligated to pay any taxes in the Cayman Islands on either income or capital gains. The Governor-in-Cabinet
of Cayman Islands has granted us an exemption from the imposition of any such tax on us for twenty years from April 23, 2013. We cannot
be assured that after such date we would not be subject to any such tax. If we were to become subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands,
our financial condition and results of operations could be significantly and negatively affected. 

We
may be subject to United States federal income taxation. 

We
are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and intend to operate in a manner that will not cause us to be treated as engaging
in a United States trade or business and will not cause us to be subject to current United States federal income taxation on our income.
However, because there are no definitive standards provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
regulations or court decisions as to the specific activities that constitute being engaged in the conduct of a trade or business within
the United States, and as any such determination is essentially factual in nature, we cannot assure you that the United States Internal
Revenue Service, or the IRS, will not successfully assert that we are engaged in a trade or business in the United States and thus are
subject to current United States federal income taxation. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

We
may be treated as a PFIC, in which case a U.S. holder of our ordinary shares should be subject to disadvantageous rules under U.S. federal
income tax laws. 

Significant
potential adverse United States federal income tax consequences generally apply to any United States person who owns shares in a passive
foreign investment company , or PFIC. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is classified as a PFIC for a taxable year in which, after
taking into account the income and assets of the corporation and certain subsidiaries pursuant to certain look-through rules, either
(i) 75 or more of its gross income is passive income, or (ii) 50 or more of the average quarterly value of its gross assets is attributable
to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Passive
income generally includes interest, dividends and other investment income. However, the income derived in the active conduct of an insurance
business is excluded from the term passive income if (i) for years before 2021, the income is earned by a corporation that
is predominantly engaged in an insurance business, and (ii) for years after 2021, the income is earned by a qualifying insurance
corporation . In order for a non-U.S. property and casualty insurance company to be treated as a qualifying insurance corporation 
for a taxable year, the company s applicable insurance liabilities generally must be greater than 25 of the company s
assets for the taxable year. In the case of a non-U.S. property and casualty insurance company, the term applicable insurance
liabilities means the amount of loss and loss adjustment expenses, but shall not exceed the amount reported to the applicable
regulator in an applicable financial statement. It is not clear whether the term applicable insurance liabilities includes
not only the unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses, but also includes the paid loss and loss adjustment expenses during the taxable
year. If each of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS is a qualified insurance corporation for a taxable year,
then neither Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited, nor Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited, nor Oxbridge Re NS should be deemed to be a PFIC for the
taxable year. 

Regardless
of whether the term applicable insurance liabilities includes not only the unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses but
also the paid loss and loss adjustment expenses, we believe that each of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS met the requirements
for being a qualified insurance corporation for the 2022 and 2021 years. For years prior to 2021, we also believe that
each of those corporations met the requirement of being predominantly engaged in an insurance business. Accordingly, we believe that
we have not been a PFIC during 2022 or prior years. We do not have an expectation, however, as to whether or not we may be a PFIC in
years after 2022. If you are a United States person, we urge you to consult your own tax advisor concerning the potential tax consequences
to you under the PFIC rules. 

We
may be treated as a CFC and may be subject to the rules for related person insurance income, and in either case this may subject a U.S.
holder of our ordinary shares to disadvantageous rules under U.S. federal income tax laws. 

Controlled
Foreign Corporation . United States persons who, directly or constructively through attribution rules, own 10 or more of the voting
power or value of our ordinary shares, which we refer to as United States 10 shareholders, may be subject to the controlled foreign
corporation, or CFC, rules. Under the controlled foreign corporation rules of the Code, each United States 10 shareholder must annually
include his pro rata share of the controlled foreign corporation s Subpart F income, even if no distributions
are made. In general, a foreign insurance company will be treated as a controlled foreign corporation only if United States 10 shareholders
collectively own, directly or constructively, more than 25 of the total combined voting power or total value of the company s
shares. If you are a United States person we urge you to consult your own tax advisor concerning the controlled foreign corporation rules.
We believe that certain United States persons may be deemed to own, directly or constructively (including through the ownership of warrants),
10 or more of the voting power or value of our ordinary shares, and we believe that those United States persons collectively own, directly
or constructively, more than 25 of the voting power or value of our ordinary shares. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Related
Person Insurance Income . A different definition of CFC is applicable in the case of a foreign corporation which earns related
person insurance income RPII ). RPII is a Code Subpart F insurance income attributable to insurance policies or
reinsurance contracts where the person that is directly or indirectly insured or reinsured is a RPII shareholder or a related person
to the RPII shareholder. A RPII shareholder is a United States person who owns, directly or indirectly through foreign
entities, any amount of our ordinary shares. Generally, for purposes of the RPII rules, a related person is someone who controls or is
controlled by the RPII shareholder or someone who is controlled by the same person or persons which control the RPII shareholder. Control
is measured by either more than 50 in value or more than 50 in voting power of shares after applying certain constructive ownership
rules. For purposes of taking into account RPII, and subject to the exceptions described below, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited or Oxbridge
Re NS will be treated as a CFC if our RPII shareholders collectively own, indirectly, 25 or more of the total combined voting power
or value of their respective shares on any day during a taxable year. If Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited or Oxbridge Re NS is a CFC at any
time during a taxable year under the special RPII rules, any U.S. Holder that owns ordinary shares on the last day of any such taxable
year must include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes the U.S. Holder s allocable share of the RPII of Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited for the entire taxable year, subject to certain modifications. Among other exceptions, the RPII rules do not apply
if the insurance company s RPII, determined on a gross basis, is less than 20 of such respective entity s gross insurance
income for such taxable year. We do not believe that the 20 gross insurance income threshold will be met. However, we cannot assure
you that this is or will continue to be the case. Consequently, we cannot assure you that a person who is a direct or indirect United
States shareholder will not be required to include amounts in its income in respect of RPII in any taxable year. 

United
States tax-exempt organizations who own ordinary shares may recognize unrelated business taxable income. 

If
you are a United States tax-exempt organization you may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our Code Subpart
F insurance income is allocated to you. In general, Code Subpart F insurance income will be allocated to you if we are a CFC as discussed
above and you are a United States 10 shareholder or there is related person insurance income and certain exceptions do not apply. If
you are a United States tax-exempt organization, we advise you to consult your own tax advisor regarding the risk of recognizing unrelated
business taxable income. 

Changes
in United States tax laws may be retroactive and could subject us, and/or United States persons who own ordinary shares to United States
income taxation on our undistributed earnings. 

The
tax laws and interpretations regarding whether a company is engaged in a United States trade or business, is a CFC, has RPII, or is a
PFIC are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. There are currently no regulations regarding the application of the PFIC
rules to an insurance company and the regulations regarding RPII are still in proposed form. New regulations or pronouncements interpreting
or clarifying such rules may be forthcoming from the IRS. We are not able to predict if, when or in what form such guidance will be provided
and whether such guidance will have a retroactive effect. 

We
do not intend to resume paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

On
November 12, 2017, our board of directors decided to suspend our regular quarterly cash dividend. The board of directors intends to reconsider
in the future the payment of a quarterly cash dividend, but the timing of such reconsideration has not been determined, and there is
no intention to resume dividend payments in the foreseeable future, if at all. Any decision to resume dividend payments will be dependent
upon a variety of factors, including the state of our business as well as general market conditions at the time of reconsideration, and
there is no assurance that dividend payments will recommence. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

The
Company has no unresolved written comments regarding its periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC. 

ITEM
2 PROPERTIES 

We
currently lease office space at Suite 201, 42 Edward Street, Georgetown, Grand Cayman. This lease expires in February 2024. We
believe that our current office is suitable and sufficient for us to conduct our operations for the foreseeable future. 

ITEM
3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently involved in any litigation or arbitration. We anticipate that, similar to the rest of the insurance and reinsurance
industry, we will be subject to litigation and arbitration in the ordinary course of business. 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information for Ordinary Shares 

The Company s ordinary shares and warrants are
listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols OXBR and OXBRW, respectively. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Holders
of Record and Tax Information 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were 13 holders of record of our ordinary shares. There are no current applicable Cayman Islands laws, decrees
or regulations relating to restrictions on the import or export of capital or exchange controls affecting remittances of dividends, interest
and other payments to non-resident holders of our ordinary shares. There are no existing laws or regulations of the Cayman Islands imposing
taxes or containing withholding provisions to which United States holders of our ordinary shares are subject. There are no reciprocal
tax treaties between the Cayman Islands and the United States. 

Dividend
Policy 

The
declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our results of operations
and cash flows, our financial position and capital requirements, general business conditions, rating agency guidelines (if applicable),
any legal, tax, regulatory and contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends, and any other factors considered relevant by our
Board of Directors. Our ability to pay dividends will also depend on the requirements of any future financing agreements to which we
may be a party and the ability of our reinsurance subsidiaries, or other subsidiaries, to pay dividends to us. Although Oxbridge Re Holdings
Limited is not subject to any significant legal prohibitions on the payment of dividends, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re
NS, our reinsurance subsidiaries, are subject to Cayman Islands regulatory constraints that affect their ability to pay dividends to
us and include a minimum net worth requirement. Currently, the minimum net worth requirement for Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge
Re NS is 500. As of December 31, 2022, both subsidiaries exceeded the minimum requirement. By law, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and
Oxbridge Re NS is restricted from paying a dividend if such a dividend would cause its net worth to drop to less than the required minimum. 

We
paid no dividends in both 2022 and 2021. 

Any
future determination to declare cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws,
and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions,
general business conditions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

There
were no sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
Company did not repurchase any ordinary shares or warrants in 2022. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
6 [RESERVED] 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following management discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our business, financial condition, results of
operations, liquidity and capital resources. You should read this discussion in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements
and the related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

This
discussion contains forward-looking statements that are not historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations.
These statements are based upon current plans, estimates and projections. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected
in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. See Forward Looking Statements appearing at
the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Item 1A, Risk Factors . 

General 

The
following is a discussion and analysis of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and our financial
condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. References to we, us, our, 
 our company, or the Company refer to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, unless the context dictates otherwise. 

Overview
and Trends 

We
are a Cayman Islands specialty property and casualty reinsurer that provides reinsurance solutions through our reinsurance subsidiaries,
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS. Oxbridge Re NS functions as a reinsurance sidecar which increases the underwriting capacity
of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited. Oxbridge Re NS issues participating notes to third party investors, the proceeds of which are utilized
to collateralize Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited s reinsurance obligations. We focus on underwriting fully-collateralized reinsurance
contracts primarily for property and casualty insurance companies in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, with an emphasis on
Florida. We specialize in underwriting medium frequency, high severity risks, where we believe sufficient data exists to analyze effectively
the risk/return profile of reinsurance contracts. 

We
underwrite reinsurance contracts on a selective and opportunistic basis as opportunities arise based on our goal of achieving favorable
long-term returns on equity for our shareholders. Our goal is to achieve long-term growth in book value per share by writing business
that generates attractive underwriting profits relative to the risk we bear. Additionally, we complement our underwriting profits with
investment profits on an opportunistic basis. Our underwriting business focus is on fully collateralized reinsurance contracts for property
catastrophes, primarily in the Gulf Coast region of the United States, with an emphasis on Florida. Within that market and risk category,
we attempt to select the most economically attractive opportunities across a variety of property and casualty insurers. As our capital
base grows, however, we expect that we will consider further growth opportunities in other geographic areas and risk categories. 

Our
level of profitability is primarily determined by how adequately our premiums assumed and investment income cover our costs and expenses,
which consist primarily of acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses, claim payments and general and administrative expenses.
One factor leading to variation in our operational results is the timing and magnitude of any follow-on offerings we undertake (if any),
as we are able to deploy new capital to collateralize new reinsurance treaties and consequently, earn additional premium revenue. In
addition, our results of operations may be seasonal in that hurricanes and other tropical storms typically occur during the period from
June 1 through November 30. Further, our results of operations may be subject to significant variations due to factors affecting the
property and casualty insurance industry in general, which include competition, legislation, regulation, general economic conditions,
judicial trends, and fluctuations in interest rates and other changes in the investment environment. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Because
we employ an opportunistic underwriting and investment philosophy, period-to-period comparisons of our underwriting results may not be
meaningful. In addition, our historical investment results may not necessarily be indicative of future performance. Due to the nature
of our reinsurance and investment strategies, our operating results will likely fluctuate from period to period. 

Compared
to most of our competitors, we are small and have low overhead expenses. We believe that our expense efficiency, agility and existing
relationships support our competitive position and allows us to profitably participate in lines of business that fit within our strategy.
Over time we expect our expense advantage could erode as the industry seeks to reduce frictional costs. 

Recent
Developments 

Formation
of SurancePlus 

SurancePlus
Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited, was incorporated as a British Virgin Islands Business Company
on December 19, 2022 for the purposes of tokenizing reinsurance contracts underwritten by its affiliated licensed reinsurer, Oxbridge
Re NS. 

On
March 27, 2023, the Company and SurancePlus Inc. SurancePlus ), issued a press release announcing the commencement of
an offering by SurancePlus of up to 5.0 million (USD) of DeltaCat Re Tokens (the Tokens ), which represent Series DeltaCat
Preferred Shares of SurancePlus Preferred Shares , and together with the Tokens, the Securities ). Each Token,
which will have a purchase price of 10.00 per Token, will represent one Preferred Share of SurancePlus. 

The
proceeds from the offer and sale of the Securities will be used by SurancePlus to purchase one or more participating notes of Oxbridge
Re NS, and the proceeds from the sale of participating notes will be invested in collateralized reinsurance contracts to be underwritten
by Oxbridge Re NS. The holders of the Securities will generally be entitled to proceeds from the payment of participating notes in the
amount of a preferred return of 12.00 plus 80 of any proceeds in excess of the amount necessary to pay the preferred return. Assuming
no casualty losses to properties reinsured by Oxbridge Re s reinsurance subsidiaries, DeltaCat Re token investors are expected
to receive a return on the original purchase price of the tokens of up to 196 after 3 years. 

The
Securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or any state or
other securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent an effective registration statement or an applicable
exemption from registration requirements or a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act or any state
or other securities laws. The Securities will be sold in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and will be
sold only to persons reasonably believed to be accredited investors in the United States under SEC Rule 506(c) under the Securities Act
and outside the United States only to non-U.S. persons in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 

ATM
Facility 

On
September 30, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Offering Agreement with Maxim Group
LLC, as sales agent (the Sales Agent ), pursuant to which the Company could offer and sell, from time to time, through the
Sales Agent up to 6,300,000 of the Company s ordinary shares, 0.001 par value Ordinary Shares ). The expiration
date of the Offering Agreement is the earlier of (i) the issuance and sale of the Ordinary Shares having an aggregate offering price
equal to 6,300,000, or (ii) the termination of the Offering Agreement by either the Sales Agent or the Company, in each such party s
sole discretion, upon the provision of thirty (30) days written notice. The Company will pay the Sales Agent a commission equal
to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of the Ordinary Shares sold by the Sales Agent pursuant to the Offering Agreement. 

Sales
of the Ordinary Shares under the Offering Agreement, if any, may be made in transactions that are deemed to be at-the-market 
offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including without limitation sales made directly on or
through the Nasdaq Capital Market or any other existing trading market for the Ordinary Shares. The Sales Agent will use commercially
reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices to sell the Ordinary Shares from time to time, based upon instructions
from the Company (including any price, time or amount limits the Company may impose). The Company is not obligated to make any sales
under the Offering Agreement. 

The
Ordinary Shares were registered pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262590) (the Registration
Statement ), and offerings of the Ordinary Shares will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Oxbridge
Acquisition Corp. 

On
August 16, 2021, Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. Oxbridge Acquisition or the SPAC ), a Cayman Islands special
purpose acquisition company in which the Company has an indirect investment through its wholly-owned licensed reinsurance subsidiary
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited OXRE ), announced the closing of an initial public offering of units Units ).
In the initial public offering, Oxbridge Acquisition sold an aggregate of 11,500,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per unit, resulting in
total gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Each Unit consisted of one Class A ordinary share and one redeemable warrant, with each warrant
entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share of Oxbridge Acquisition at a price of 11.50 per share. 

The
initial public offering of Oxbridge Acquisition was sponsored by OAC Sponsor Ltd. Sponsor ). In connection with Oxbridge
Acquisition s initial public offering, Sponsor purchased from Oxbridge Acquisition, simultaneous with the closing of the initial
public offering, an aggregate of 4,897,500 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant 4,897,500 in the aggregate) in a private placement
(the Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share
of Oxbridge Acquisition at 11.50 per share. In addition, Sponsor holds 2,875,000 shares of the Class B ordinary shares of Oxbridge Acquisition,
representing 20 of the outstanding shares of Oxbridge Acquisition (the Class B Shares ). 

In
connection with the organization of Sponsor, OXRE placed approximately 34.7 of the risk capital and owns approximately 49.6 and 63.1 
of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor (the Sponsor Equity Interest ). The preferred
shares of Sponsor are nonvoting shares and generally entitle the holders thereof to receive the net proceeds, if any, received by Sponsor
from the sale, exchange, or disposition of the Private Placement Warrants or the shares issuable upon the exercise thereof, and the ordinary
shares of Sponsor (which are voting shares in Sponsor) will generally be equivalent to the value of the Class B Shares of Oxbridge Acquisition
held by Sponsor. 

On
August 11, 2021, OXRE entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Sponsor (the Initial Share Purchase Agreement under
which OXRE purchased the Sponsor Equity Interest for an aggregate purchase price of 2,000,000 (the Share Purchase Agreement ).
Under the Share Purchase Agreement, OXRE acquired an aggregate of 1,500,000 ordinary shares and 3,094,999 preferred shares of Sponsor. 

On
November 14, 2022, OXRE entered into a Second Share Purchase Agreement with Sponsor (the Second Share Purchase Agreement under which OXRE acquired an additional 285,000 ordinary shares of Sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 285,000. 

In addition to the foregoing, the
Initial Share Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, and covenants. 

On
November 9, 2022, Oxbridge Acquisition held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, Oxbridge
Acquisition s shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which Oxbridge Acquisition must consummate a business
combination from November 16, 2022 to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by Oxbridge Acquisition s Board) by amending
Oxbridge Acquisition s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Extension Amendment Proposal ).
The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend Oxbridge Acquisition s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Charter
Amendment was approved. 

In
connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Sponsor has agreed to contribute to Oxbridge Acquisition a loan of 575,000 (the
 Extension Loan ), to be deposited into Oxbridge Acquisition s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from November
16, 2022 to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company subscribed for additional ordinary shares in the Sponsor for an amount
of 285,000, representing the Company s pro-rata portion of the Extension Loan. As such, the Company s Sponsor Equity Interest
remained at approximately 49.6 and 63.1 of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor. 

On
February 28, 2023, the Company announced in a press release that Oxbridge Acquisition filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities
and Exchange Commission in connection with Oxbridge Acquisition s business combination with Jet Token Inc. Jet ),
a Delaware based company. Upon the closing of the transaction, the combined company will be named Jet.AI Inc. Jet offers fractional aircraft
ownership, jet card, aircraft brokerage and charter service through its fleet of private aircraft and those of Jet s Argus Platinum
operating partner. Jet s charter app enables travelers to look, book and fly. The funding and capital markets access from this
transaction is expected to enable Jet to continue its growth strategy of AI software development and fleet expansion. The business combination
is expected to be completed late in the second quarter of 2023. 

The
Company s wholly-owned licensed reinsurance subsidiary, Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited Oxbridge Reinsurance ), is the
lead investor in Oxbridge Acquisition s sponsor and holds the equivalent of 1,426,180 Class B shares, which at closing of the business
combination will have a value of 14,261,800. This does not include the value of the 3,094,999 private placement warrants that the Company
beneficially holds in Oxbridge Acquisition. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

PRINCIPAL
REVENUE AND EXPENSE ITEMS 

Revenues 

We
derive our most significant revenues from three principal sources: 

premiums
 assumed from reinsurance on property and casualty business; 

income
 from investments and unrealized (loss)/ gain on other investments; 

income
 under our Administrative Services Agreement 

Premiums
Assumed 

Premiums
assumed include all premiums received by a reinsurance company during a specified accounting period, even if the policy provides coverage
beyond the end of the period. Premiums are earned over the term of the related policies. At the end of each accounting period, the portion
of the premiums that are not yet earned are included in the unearned premiums reserve and are realized as revenue in subsequent periods
over the remaining term of the policy. Our policies typically have a term of twelve months. Thus, for example, for a policy that is written
on July 1, 2022, typically one-half of the premiums will be earned in 2022 and the other half will be earned during 2023. However, in
the event of limit losses on our policies, premium recognition will be accelerated to match losses incurred in the period, when there
is no possibility of any future treaty-year losses under the contracts. 

Premiums
from reinsurance on property and casualty business assumed are directly related to the number, type and pricing of contracts we write. 

Premiums
assumed are recorded net of change in loss experience refund, which consists of changes in amounts due to the cedants under two of our
reinsurance contracts. These contracts contain retrospective provisions that adjust premiums in the event losses are minimal or zero.
We recognize a liability pro-rata over the period in which the absence of loss experience obligates us to refund premiums under the contracts,
and we will derecognize such liability in the period in which a loss experience arises. The change in loss experience refund is negatively
correlated to loss and loss adjustment expenses described below. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Investment
Income 

Income
from our investments is primarily comprised of net realized and unrealized gains (losses) interest income and dividends on investment
securities. Such income is primarily from the Company s investments, which includes other investments in Oxbridge Acquisition Corp.
and investments held in trust accounts that collateralize the reinsurance policies that we write. The investment parameters for trust
accounts are generally be established by the cedant for the relevant policy. 

Administrative
Services Agreement 

Commencing
on the effective date of the SPAC s IPO, the Sponsor agreed to pay the Company a total of up to 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support to the Sponsor and the SPAC. Upon completion of the SPAC s initial
Business Combination or the SPAC s liquidation, the Sponsor will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company received 90,000, and recorded income of 120,000 from the Sponsor under the Administrative Services
Agreement, which is included in net investment and other income in the consolidated statements of operations. At
December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a receivable of 30,000 which is included in due from related parties in the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Expenses 

Our
expenses consist primarily of the following: 

losses
 and loss adjustment expenses; 

policy
 acquisition costs and underwriting expenses; and 

general
 and administrative expenses. 

Loss
and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

Loss
and loss adjustment expenses are a function of the amount and type of reinsurance contracts we write and of the loss experience of the
underlying coverage. As described below, loss and loss adjustment expenses are based on the claims reported by our Company s ceding
insurers, and may include an actuarial analysis of the estimated losses, including losses incurred during the period and changes in estimates
from prior periods. Depending on the nature of the contract, loss and loss adjustment expenses may be paid over a period of years. 

Policy
Acquisition Costs and Underwriting Expenses 

Policy
acquisition costs and underwriting expenses consist primarily of brokerage fees, ceding commissions, premium taxes and other direct expenses
that relate to our writing of reinsurance contracts. We amortize deferred acquisition costs over the related contract term. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

General
and administrative expenses consist of salaries and benefits and related costs, including costs associated with our professional fees,
rent and other general operating expenses consistent with operating as a public company. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands, except per
share amounts): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Assumed premiums 
 645 
 904 
 
 Change in unearned premiums reserve 
 350 
 61 

Net premiums earned 
 995 
 965 
 
 Net investment and other income 
 201 
 99 
 
 Net realized investment gain 
 27 
 755 
 
 Unrealized (loss) gain on other investments 
 (35 
 9,173 
 
 Change in fair value of equity securities 
 (338 
 (767 

Total revenue 
 850 
 10,225 

Expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 1,073 
 158 
 
 Policy acquisition costs and underwriting expenses 
 110 
 106 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 1,413 
 1,305 

Total expenses 
 2,596 
 1,569 

(Loss) Income before income attributable to noteholders 
 (1,746 
 8,656 

Income attributable to noteholders 
 (43 
 (91 

Net (loss) income 
 (1,789 
 8,565 

(Loss) Earnings per share 

Basic and Diluted 
 (0.31 
 1.49 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 
 5,772,396 
 5,735,779 

Performance ratios to net premiums earned: 

Loss ratio 
 107.8 
 16.4 
 
 Acquisition cost ratio 
 11.0 
 11.0 
 
 Expense ratio 
 153.1 
 146.2 
 
 Combined ratio 
 260.9 
 162.6 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Comparison
of the Year Ended December 31, 2022 to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

General . Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1.79 million or 0.31 basic and diluted loss per share compared to a net income of
 8.57 million or 1.49 basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in earnings is due
primarily to a decrease in unrealized gains on the company s investment in the
SPAC and increased loss and loss adjustment expenses, during the year ended
December 31, 2022, when compared with the prior year. 

Premium
Income . Net premiums earned typically reflects the pro-rata inclusion into income of premiums assumed (net of loss experience
refund and premiums ceded) over the life of the reinsurance contracts. Net premiums earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased
 30 thousand, to 995 thousand, from 965 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to the acceleration of premium
recognition on two of the Company s reinsurance contract due to a limit loss suffered during the year, as well as higher rates
on reinsurance contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year. 

Losses
Incurred . Losses incurred for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 1,073 thousand from 158, for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase during the year is wholly due to the triggering of a limit loss on two of the Company s reinsurance contracts,
due to the impact of Hurricane Ian on our book of business. 

Policy
Acquisition Costs and Underwriting Expenses . Acquisition costs represent the amortization of the brokerage fees and federal excise
taxes incurred on reinsurance contracts placed. Policy acquisition costs and underwriting expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022
increased by 4 thousand, to 110 thousand from 106 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due wholly due to
the acceleration of premium recognition as mentioned above, and the resulting acceleration of policy acquisition costs, as well as higher
rates on reinsurance contracts during the year ended December 31, 2022, when compared to the prior year. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by
approximately 100 thousand to 1.4 million from 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is due to expense
fluctuations during the year ended December 31, 2022, and the hiring of an additional member of staff. 

MEASUREMENT
OF RESULTS 

We
use various measures to analyze the growth and profitability of business operations. For our reinsurance business, we measure growth
in terms of premiums assumed and we measure underwriting profitability by examining our loss, underwriting expense and combined ratios.
We analyze and measure profitability in terms of net income and return on average equity. 

Premiums
Assumed. We use gross premiums assumed to measure our sales of reinsurance products. Gross premiums assumed also correlates to
our ability to generate net premiums earned. See also the analysis above relating to the growth in premiums assumed. 

Loss Ratio. The
loss ratio is the ratio of losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred to premiums earned and measures the underwriting profitability
of our reinsurance business. The loss ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased to 107.8 from 16.4 for the year ended December
31, 2021. The increase during the year ended December 31, 2022 is wholly due to the limit losses suffered on two of our reinsurance contracts
as a result of Hurricane Ian, partially offset by a higher denominator in net premiums earned, compared with the previous year. 

Acquisition
Cost Ratio. The acquisition cost ratio is the ratio of policy acquisition costs and other underwriting expenses to net premiums
earned. The acquisition cost ratio measures our operational efficiency in producing, underwriting and administering our reinsurance business.
The acquisition cost ratio remained consistent at 11 for both years December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Expense
Ratio. The expense ratio is the ratio of policy acquisition costs, other underwriting expenses and general and administrative
expenses to net premiums earned. We use the expense ratio to measure our operating performance. The expense ratio increased from 146.2 
for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 153.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase is due to higher general and administrative
expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Combined
Ratio. We use the combined ratio to measure our underwriting performance. The combined ratio is the sum of the loss ratio
and the expense ratio. The combined ratio increased from 162.6 for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 260.9 for the year ended
December 31, 2022. The increase is due to the increase in loss ratio during the year ending December 31, 2022 as a result of limit
loss suffered under two of our reinsurance contracts, as well as higher general and administrative expenses, when compared with the
prior year. 

FINANCIAL
CONDITION DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Restricted
Cash and Cash Equivalents. As of December 31, 2022, our restricted cash and cash equivalents increased by 830 thousand, to 2.7
million from 1.89 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase is the net result of a partial withdrawal of collateral on a previous
year contract, and the deposit of collateral for new treaty period during the year ended December 31, 2022 . 

Investments.
 As of December 31, 2022, our equity securities increased marginally by 65 thousand to 642 thousand, from 577 thousand as of December
31, 2021. The increase is primarily a result of purchase of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Other
investments. As of December 31, 2022, our other investments increased to 11.4 million from 11.17 million at December 31,
2021. The increase is due to the additional purchases offset by the fair value changes of our investment in in Oxbridge Acquisition
Corp., a special purpose acquisition company in which the Company has an equity investment measured at fair value. 

Reserve
of losses and loss adjustment expenses. As of December 31, 2022, our reserve for loss and loss adjustment expenses increased
to 1.07 million from 0 at December 31, 2021. The increase is due to the limit loss on two of our reinsurance contracts impacting our
book of business as a result of Hurricane Ian. 

Notes
Payable to Noteholders. As of December 31, 2022, our notes payable remained the same at 216 thousand. These notes relate to
Series 2020-1 participating notes issued by our reinsurance sidecar subsidiary, Oxbridge Re NS during the quarter ending December 31,
2020. 

Unearned
Premiums Reserve . As of December 31, 2022, our unearned premiums reserve decreased by 350 thousand, to 0, from 350 thousand
at December 31, 2021. The decrease is due wholly to the recognition of premium income on in-force reinsurance contracts during the year
ending December 31, 2022. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

General 

We
are organized as a holding company and provide administrative and management services to our subsidiaries, as well as to Oxbridge
Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company. Our operations are conducted through our reinsurance subsidiaries,
Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS, which underwrites risks associated with our property and casualty reinsurance
programs. We have minimal continuing cash needs at the holding company level, with such needs principally being related to the
payment of administrative expenses and shareholder dividends (if any). There are restrictions on Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited s and
Oxbridge Re NS ability to pay dividends which are described in more detail below. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Sources
and Uses of Funds 

Our
sources of funds primarily consist of premium receipts (net of brokerage fees and federal excise taxes, where applicable) and
investment income, including interest, dividends and realized gains, and administrative services fee income from OAC Sponsor Ltd. We
use cash to pay losses and loss adjustment expenses, other underwriting expenses, dividends, and general and administrative
expenses. Substantially all of our surplus funds, net of funds required for cash liquidity purposes, are invested in accordance with
our business plan and investment guidelines. Our investment portfolio, except for our investment in OAC sponsor Ltd., is primarily
comprised of cash and highly liquid securities, which can be liquidated, if necessary, to meet current liabilities, We believe that
we have sufficient flexibility to liquidate any securities that we own to generate liquidity. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we believe we had sufficient cash flows from operations to meet our liquidity requirements. We expect that our
operational needs for liquidity will be met by cash, investment income and funds generated from underwriting activities. We have no
current plans to issue debt and expect to fund our operations for the foreseeable future from operating cash flows, as well as from
potential future equity offerings. However, we cannot provide assurances that in the future we will not incur indebtedness to
implement our business strategy, pay claims or make acquisitions. 

Although
Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited is not subject to any significant legal prohibitions on the payment of dividends, its subsidiaries Oxbridge
Reinsurance Limited and Oxbridge Re NS are subject to Cayman Islands regulatory constraints that affect its ability to pay dividends
to us and include a minimum net worth requirement. Currently, the minimum net worth requirement for each subsidiary is 500. As of December
31, 2022, each subsidiary exceeded the minimum required. By law, each subsidiary is restricted from paying a dividend if such a dividend
would cause its net worth to drop to less than the required minimum. 

Cash
Flows 

Our
cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized below. 

Cash
Flows for the Year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 829, which consisted primarily of cash received on
net written premiums less cash disbursed for operating expenses and reserve for loss and loss adjustment expenses. Net cash used in investing activities of 661 was primarily
due to other investments and the net purchase and sales of equity securities. There was no cash used in or provided by financing
activities. 

Cash
Flows for the Year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled 253, which consisted primarily of cash received on
investments and net written premiums less cash disbursed for operating expenses. Net cash used in investing activities of 1,805 was
primarily due to other investments and the net purchase of equity securities the net proceeds from sale of equity securities. There was
no cash used in or provided by financing activities. 

OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Exposure
to Catastrophes 

As
with other reinsurers, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected by volatile and unpredictable natural
and man-made disasters, such as hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, floods, fires, riots and explosions, and particularly to weather events in the State of Florida. Although we attempt to limit
our exposure to levels we believe are acceptable, it is possible that an actual catastrophic event or multiple catastrophic events could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As described under CRITICAL ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses below, under accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America GAAP ), we are not permitted to establish loss reserves with respect to losses that may be
incurred under reinsurance contracts until the occurrence of an event which may give rise to a claim. As a result, only loss reserves
applicable to losses incurred up to the reporting date may be established, with no provision for a contingency reserve to account for
expected future losses. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

We
are required to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements
and related footnotes. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an on-going basis based on historical developments, market conditions,
industry trends and other information that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These accounting policies pertain to
fair value measurements, particular with respect to our beneficial interest in Oxbridge Acquisition Corp., premium revenues and risk
transfer, reserve for loss and loss adjustment expenses, and deferred acquisition costs. 

Fair
value measurement : GAAP establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair
value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 measurements)
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). 

The
three levels of the fair value hierarchy under GAAP are as follows: 

Level
1 Inputs that reflect unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability
to access at the measurement date 

Level
2 Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability either directly or indirectly, including inputs in markets
that are not considered to be active 

and 

Level
3 Inputs that are unobservable. 

Inputs
are used in applying the various valuation techniques and broadly refer to the assumptions that market participants use to make valuation
decisions, including assumptions about risk. For fixed maturity securities, inputs may include price information, volatility statistics,
specific and broad credit data, liquidity statistics, broker quotes for similar securities and other factors. The fair value of investments
in stocks and exchange-traded funds is based on the last traded price. The fair value of our indirect investment in Oxbridge Acquisition
Corp. is based on the fair value calculation made by an independent valuation expert utilizing observable and unobservable inputs. A
financial instrument s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the
fair value measurement. However, the determination of what constitutes observable requires significant judgment by the
Company s investment custodians and management. The investment custodians and management consider observable data to be market
data which is readily available, regularly distributed or updated, reliable and verifiable, not proprietary, and provided by independent
sources that are actively involved in the relevant markets. The categorization of a financial instrument within the hierarchy is based
upon the pricing transparency of the instrument, as well as the marketability of the instrument and the risk of forfeiture of such instrument. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Premium
Revenue and Risk Transfer . We record premiums revenue as earned pro-rata over the terms of the reinsurance agreements and the
unearned portion at the balance sheet date is recorded as unearned premiums reserve. A reserve is made for estimated premium deficiencies
to the extent that estimated losses and loss adjustment expenses exceed related unearned premiums. Investment income is not considered
in determining whether or not a deficiency exists. 

We
account for reinsurance contracts in accordance with ASC 944, Financial Services Insurance. Assessing whether
or not a reinsurance contract meets the conditions for risk transfer requires judgment. The determination of risk transfer is critical
to reporting premiums written. If we determine that a reinsurance contract does not transfer sufficient risk, we must account for the
contract as a deposit liability. 

Reserves
for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses . We determine our reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses on the basis of the
claims reported by our ceding insurers and for losses IBNR, we use the assistance of an independent actuary. The reserves for losses
and loss adjustment expenses represent management s best estimate of the ultimate settlement costs of all losses and loss adjustment
expenses. 

We
believe that the amounts are adequate; however, the inherent impossibility of predicting future events with precision, results in uncertainty
as to the amount which will ultimately be required for the settlement of losses and loss expenses, and the differences could be material.
Adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of income in the period in which they are determined. 

Under
GAAP, we are not permitted to establish loss reserves until the occurrence of an actual loss event. As a result, only loss reserves applicable
to losses incurred up to the reporting date may be recorded, with no allowance for the provision of a contingency reserve to account
for expected future losses. Losses arising from future events, which could be substantial, are estimated and recognized at the time the
loss is incurred. 

At
December 31, 2022 we had reserves of 1.07 million as a result of Hurricane Ian. This represents the maximum loss limit on our reinsurance
contracts that have been affected. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Our
reserving methodology does not lend itself well to a statistical calculation of a range of estimates surrounding the best point estimate
of our reserve for loss and loss adjustment expense. Due to the low frequency and high severity nature of claims within much of our business,
our reserving methodology principally involves arriving at a specific point estimate for the ultimate expected loss on a contract-by-contract
basis, and our aggregate loss reserves are the sum of the individual loss reserves established. 

Deferred
Acquisition Costs. We defer certain expenses that are directly related to and vary with producing reinsurance business, including
brokerage fees on gross premiums assumed, premium taxes and certain other costs related to the acquisition of reinsurance contracts.
These costs are capitalized and the resulting asset, deferred acquisition costs, is amortized and charged to expense in future periods
as premiums assumed are earned. The method followed in computing deferred acquisition costs limits the amount of such deferral to its
estimated realizable value. The ultimate recoverability of deferred acquisition costs is dependent on the continued profitability of
our reinsurance underwriting. If our underwriting ceases to be profitable, we may have to write off a portion of our deferred acquisition
costs, resulting in a further charge to income in the period in which the underwriting losses are recognized. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM
7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information under
this item. 

ITEM
8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and supplementary data have been filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated in the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on page 50 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer
(our principal financial officer), we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (December 31, 2022).
Our disclosure controls and procedures are intended to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we
file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial
officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

Based
on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the system will be met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Our
management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this evaluation,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial
reporting was effective. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to scaled disclosure requirements applicable to non-accelerated filers that permit us to provide only management s report
in this Annual Report. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months and the year ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Other
than the information regarding our code of ethics set forth below, the information required by this Item is incorporated herein by
reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to all employees and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer and principal accounting officer. We have posted the text of our code of ethics to our internet website: www.oxbridgere.com.
To access our code of ethics, select Investor Information on our website and then select Corporate Governance, 
then Code of Conduct. We intend to disclose any change to or waiver from our code of ethics by posting such change or waiver
to our internet website within the same section as described above. 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2021. 

ITEM
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders or an amendment to this Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
Documents Filed as Part of the Report 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements, other financial information, financial statement schedules and report of independent registered public
accounting firm have been filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as indicated in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on page 50 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(b)
Exhibits 

Reference
is made to the separate exhibit index contained on page 48 filed herewith. 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules and report of independent registered public accounting firm have been filed as part of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K as indicated in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules appearing on page 50 of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited 

 Index
to Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 
 Title 

3 
 
 Third
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited, as amended through December 19, 2014
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 24, 2014)
 (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

4.1 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated March 26, 2014, between Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 28, 2014) (Commission File
 No. 1-36346). 

4.3 
 
 Amendment
 #1 to Warrant Agreement between Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2019) (Commission File No.
 1-36346). 

4.4 
 
 Description
 of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 4.5 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 23, 2020) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.2 
 
 Oxbridge
 Re Holdings Limited 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 24, 2014) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 9, 2023, with Jay Madhu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 9, 2023, with Wrendon Timothy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Restricted Share Award (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2015) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.7 
 
 Form
 of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan Share Option Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 28, 2015) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.8 
 
 Oxbridge Re Holdings 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) (Commission File No.1-36346). 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) (Commission File No.1-36346). 

10.10 
 
 Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited Non-Employee Director Compensation Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 13, 2023) (Commission File No.1-36346). 

10.11 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited and OAC Sponsor Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2021) (Commission File No. 1-36346). 

10.12 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated September 20, 2022, between Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022) (Commission File No.1-36346). 

21.1 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certifications
 of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certifications
 of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934. 

32 
 
 Written
 Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

101 
 
 The
 following materials from Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
 are filed herewith, formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated
 Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
 Equity and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OXBRIDGE
 RE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

By 
 /s/
 JAY MADHU 

Jay
 Madhu 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 March
 30, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below as of March 30, 2023 by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated: 

/s/
 WRENDON TIMOTHY 
 
 /s/
 JAY MADHU 

Wrendon
 Timothy 
 
 Jay
 Madhu 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 LESLEY THOMPSON 
 
 /s/
 DWIGHT MERREN 

Lesley
 Thompson 
 
 Dwight
 Merren 

Director 
 
 Director 

/s/
 ARUN GOWDA 

Arun
 Gowda 

Director 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 

Form 10-K 

Page(s) 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (PCAOB ID 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

Financial Statements Schedules 

Schedule I Summary of Investments Other than Investments in Related Parties 
 
 F-31 

Schedule II Condensed Financial Information of the Registrant 
 
 F-32 

Schedule III Supplementary Insurance Information 
 
 F-35 

Schedule IV Supplementary Reinsurance Information 
 
 F-36 

52 

 Table of Contents 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited 

 Grand
Cayman, Cayman Islands: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited and Subsidiaries (the
 Company ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in
shareholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes and the consolidated financial statement
schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited 

 Page
Two 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The
communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as
a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Fair
Value Measurement of Other Investments 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company s Other Investments reported in the consolidated balance sheet were 11.4 million. As described in Note
2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 4 - Investments to the consolidated financial statements. Other Investments represents
the Company s beneficial interests in Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. OXAC ), a special purpose acquisition company, Class B shares,
Private Placement Warrants and the Extension Loan. Other Investments are recorded at fair value. The fair value calculation of the Company s
beneficial interest in OXAC s Class B shares and Private Placement Warrants is dependent on company-specific adjustments applied to the
observable trading prices of OXAC Class A shares and public warrants. The fair value calculation of the Company s beneficial interest
in the Extension Loan is dependent on company-specific adjustments applied to the pro-rata original principal amount of the Extension
Loan. The Company s management estimates that a specific discount of 25.11 sufficiently captures the risk or profit that a market participant
would require as compensation for i) the lack of marketability of the Company s beneficial interests in the OXAC and ii) assuming the
inherent risk of forfeiture and default if a business combination doesn t occur within OXAC s stipulated time frame. The Company s management
has selected a discount of 25.11 due to the unobservable nature of this company-specific adjustment. The Company classifies the Other
Investment as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The methods used by management in determining the adjustment to the Company s most
recent fair value are complex and subjective based on the judgement that is required to determine the key inputs and assumptions which
can significantly impact the adjustments recognized. 

The
principal considerations for our determination of the fair value measurement of other investments as a critical audit matter are the
subjectivity of the inputs and assumptions that management utilized in determining the adjustment to the Company s most recent fair value
of other investments. This required a high degree of effort and judgment in selecting the audit procedures to evaluate management s estimates
and assumptions as it relates to the valuation of other investments, including the use of an auditor s specialist. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included among others obtaining an understating of, and testing management s process for evaluating
fair value adjustments. Performing these procedures involved testing of the completeness and accuracy of the data utilized by management
and evaluated the reasonableness of management s assumptions used to develop an estimate of fair value. In addition, we engaged a specialist
to develop an independent estimate of fair value of the other investments and comparison of management s estimate to the independently
developed estimate of fair value. 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 

March
30, 2023 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share and share amounts) 

At December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Investments: 

Equity securities, at fair value (cost: 
 and 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 

Premiums receivable 

Other investments 

Due from related parties 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 
 - 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Prepayment and other assets 

Prepaid offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Liabilities: 

Notes payable to noteholders 

Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Unearned premiums reserve 
 - 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Ordinary share capital, (par value , shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Assumed premiums 

Change in unearned premiums reserve 

Net premiums earned 

Net investment and other income 

Net realized investment gain 

Unrealized (loss) gain on other investments 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Losses and loss adjustment expenses 

Policy acquisition costs and underwriting expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

(Loss) income before income attributable to noteholders 

Income attributable to noteholders 

Net (loss) income 

(Loss) Earnings per share 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net realized investment gains 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

Change in fair value of other investments 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accrued interest and dividend receivable 
 - 

Premiums receivable 

Due from related party 

Deferred policy acquisition costs 

Prepayment and other assets 

Prepaid offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Losses payable 
 
 - 
 
 Unearned premiums reserve 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of equity securities 

Purchase of other investments 

Proceeds from sale of equity securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(continued) 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows, continued 

 (expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

Years ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash equivalents: 

Net change during the year 

Balance at beginning of year 

Balance at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

 Years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (expressed
in thousands of U.S. Dollars, except per share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Ordinary Share Capital 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance of restricted stock 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Balance 

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issurance of Restricted stock, net 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Balance 

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 7 

 Table of Contents 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the equity interest in Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited, an exempted entity incorporated
on April 23, 2013 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and for which a Class C Insurer s license was granted on April
29, 2013 under the provisions of the Cayman Islands Insurance Law. Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited also owns of the equity interest
in Oxbridge Re NS, an entity incorporated as an exempted company on December 22, 2017 under the laws of the Cayman Islands to function
as a reinsurance sidecar facility and to increase the underwriting capacity of Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited. The Company, through its
subsidiaries (collectively Oxbridge Re provides collateralized reinsurance in the property catastrophe market and invests
in various insurance-linked securities. The Company operates as a single business segment through its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The
Company s headquarters and principal executive offices are located at Suite 201, 42 Edward Street, Georgetown, Grand Cayman, Cayman
Islands, and have their registered offices at P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands. 

The
Company s ordinary shares and warrants are listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbols OXBR and OXBRW, 
respectively. 

(b)
Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements for the Company have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated
upon consolidation. 

The
Company consolidates in these consolidated financial statements the results of operations and financial position of all voting interest
entities VOE in which the Company has a controlling financial interest and all variable interest entities VIE in which the Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary. The consolidation assessment, including the determination as to whether
an entity qualifies as a VIE or VOE, depends on the facts and circumstances surrounding each entity. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

These
estimates are continually reviewed and adjusted if necessary. Such adjustments are reflected in current operations. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

The
categorization of a financial instrument within the hierarchy is based upon the pricing transparency of the instrument, as well as the
marketability of the instrument and the inherent risk of forfeiture of such instrument. Management utilizes the services of an independent
valuation specialist to estimate the fair value of Level 3 securities. 

of
offering expenses on the consolidated balance sheet as prepaid offering costs in relation to an equity distribution agreement with
Maxim Group LLC for the sale of the ordinary shares. In accordance with the terms of the equity distribution agreement, we may offer
and sell ordinary shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million
from time to time. Reclassification of prepaid offering costs to additional paid-in capital will occur upon successful drawdown(s)
under the offering. 

for furniture and fixtures and computer equipment and for motor vehicles. Leasehold
improvements are amortized over the lesser of the estimated useful lives of the assets or remaining lease term. The Company periodically
reviews property and equipment that have finite lives, and that are not held for sale, for impairment by comparing the carrying value
of the assets to their estimated future undiscounted cash flows. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were impairments
in property and equipment. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Subsequent
adjustments of premiums assumed, based on reports of actual premium by the ceding companies, or revisions in estimates of ultimate premium,
are recorded in the period in which they are determined. Such adjustments are generally determined after the associated risk periods
have expired, in which case the premium adjustments are fully earned when assumed. 

Certain
contracts allow for reinstatement premiums in the event of a full limit loss prior to the expiration of the contract. A reinstatement
premium is not due until there is a full limit loss event and therefore, in accordance with GAAP, the Company records a reinstatement
premium as written only in the event that the reinsured incurs a full limit loss on the contract and the contract allows for a reinstatement
of coverage upon payment of an additional premium. For catastrophe contracts which contractually require the payment of a reinstatement
premium equal to or greater than the original premium upon the occurrence of a full limit loss, the reinstatement premiums are earned
over the original contract period. Reinstatement premiums that are contractually calculated on a pro-rata basis of the original premiums
are earned over the remaining coverage period. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

2.
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) 

Additionally,
the Company uses the guidance in the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 to determine the estimated life of options issued
and has assumed no forfeitures during the life of the options. 

The
Company uses the straight-line attribution method for all grants that include only a service condition. Compensation expense related
to all awards is included in general and administrative expenses. 

Restricted cash held in trust 

Total 

Cash
and cash equivalents are held by large and reputable counterparties in the United States of America and in the Cayman Islands. Restricted
cash held in trust is custodied with Truist Bank, and is held in accordance with the Company s trust agreements
with the ceding insurers and trustees, which require that the Company provide collateral having a market value greater than or equal
to the limit of liability, less unpaid premium. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

- 

Year
 ended December 31, 2021 

Equity
 securities 

- 

Other
Investments 

In
connection with Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. OXAC initial public offering IPO in August 2021, the Company s
affiliate OAC Sponsor Ltd. Sponsor purchased an aggregate private placement warrants from OXAC Private
Placement Warrants at a price of per warrant. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one of OXAC s Class
A ordinary share at a price of per share, and as such meets the definition of a derivative as outlined within ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging. The Sponsor also purchased an aggregate of of OXAC s Class B ordinary shares (the Class B shares par value per share for . The Class B shares and Private Placement Warrants were issued to and are held by Sponsor. The
Class B shares of OXAC held by Sponsor will automatically convert into shares of OXAC s Class A ordinary shares on a one-for- one
basis at the time of OXAC s initial business combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions. 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company acquired an aggregate of ordinary shares and preferred shares of Sponsor for an aggregate
purchase price of . In connection with the organization of Sponsor, the Company placed approximately of the risk capital
and owns approximately and of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor (the Sponsor
Equity Interest ). The preferred shares of Sponsor are nonvoting shares and generally entitle the holders thereof to receive the
net proceeds, if any, received by Sponsor from the sale, exchange, or disposition of the Private Placement Warrants or the shares issuable
upon the exercise thereof, and the ordinary shares of Sponsor (which are voting shares in Sponsor) are equivalent to the value of the
Class B Shares of OXAC held by Sponsor. 

The
registration statement for OXAC s IPO was declared effective on August 11, 2021 and on August 16, 2021, OXAC consummated the IPO
with the sale of units (the Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . The Units
trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol OXACU . After the securities comprising the units began separate
trading on October 1, 2021, the Class A ordinary shares and public warrants were listed on NASDAQ under the symbols OXAC 
and OXACW, respectively. 

On
November 9, 2022, the OXAC held an extraordinary general meeting (the EGM of shareholders. At the EGM, the OXAC s
shareholders were presented the proposals to extend the date by which OXAC must consummate a business combination from November 16, 2022
to August 16, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by OXAC s Board) by amending OXAC s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). The Extension Amendment Proposal to amend OXAC s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Charter Amendment was approved. 

In
connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Sponsor has agreed to contribute to OXAC a loan of 
(the Extension Loan or Promissory Note ), to be deposited into OXAC Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from November 16, 2022
to August 16, 2023. On November 14, 2022, the Company subscribed for additional ordinary shares in the Sponsor for an amount of
 ,
representing the Company s pro-rata portion of the Extension Loan. As such, the Company s Sponsor Equity Interest
remained at approximately 
and 
of the ordinary shares and preferred shares, respectively, of the Sponsor. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

4.
INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Other
Investments (continued) 

The
Company s beneficial interests in OXAC s Class B shares, the Private Placement Warrants and Extension Loan are recorded
at fair value and are classified in Other Investments on the consolidated balance sheets. 

As
a result of the re-measurement of our investment in OXAC, we recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022, an unrealized loss of within our consolidated statement of operations. 

Oxbridge Acquisition Corp. Promissory Note 
 
 - 
 
 Oxbridge
 Acquisition Corp. Class B Ordinary Shares 

Total 

Beginning of year 
 
 - 
 
 Investment
 in affiliate 

Unrealized
 (loss) /gain on investment in affiliate 

End of year 

If
OXAC does not complete a business combination by August 16, 2023 the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants (after
OXAC IPO transaction costs) will be used to fund the redemption of the shares sold in the OXAC IPO (subject to the requirements of applicable
law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire without value. The Sponsor holds approximately of the total ordinary shares
(Class A and Class B) in OXAC along with the Private Placement Warrants, and the Promissory Note of . OXAC is managed by the Company s executive
officers. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

4.
INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Assets
Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

The
following table presents information about the Company s financial assets measured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis
that is reflected in the consolidated balance sheets at carrying value. The table indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation
techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

- 
 - 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

Other investments 
 - 
 - 

Equity securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

(Level
 1) 
 (Level
 2) 
 (Level
 3) 
 Total 

Fair
 Value Measurements Using 

(Level
 1) 
 (Level
 2) 
 (Level
 3) 
 Total 
 
 As
 of December 31, 2021 
 
 in thousands) 
 
 Financial Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

Restricted cash and cash equivalents 
 
 - 
 - 

Other investments 
 - 
 - 

Equity securities 
 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

4.
INVESTMENTS (continued) 

Assets
Measured at Estimated Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 

T he
Company utilizes the services of an independent valuation expert Valuation Expert to determine the fair value of the
Company s indirect investment in OXAC. The Valuation Expert observed that the Class A shares of OXAC trades in a relatively
liquid market at the measurement date, and the Company s share of OXAC s Class B shares were convertible to OXAC s
Class A Shares on a . The Valuation Expert applied
this ratio to the value of OXAC s Class A shares and then applied an additional discount
to account for the lack of marketability and the inherent risk of forfeiture should a business combination not occur. Management
concludes that with respect to OXAC, there is reduced inherent risk of forfeiture and reduced default probability due to
OXAC s additional extension through to August 16, 2023 as well as the proposed business combination as disclosed in Note 17. 

The
Valuation Expert relied on the Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the fair value of the Company s beneficial interest
in OXAC s private placement warrants with a strike price of . The Valuation Expert observed volatility at , term of
 years, expected dividend yield of and the risk-free rate of . 

Management has estimated the fair
value of the Company s beneficial interest in the Promissory Note to be equivalent to the discount rate of , as determined
above, applied to the pro-rata original principal amount of the Promissory Note. 

There
were no transfers between Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Investment in affiliate 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value of Level 3 other investment at December 31, 2022 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

of the voting shares, of the issued share capital and has a significant financial interest and the power to control the activities
of Oxbridge Re NS that most significantly impacts its economic performance. The Company has no other obligation to provide financial
support to Oxbridge Re NS. Neither the creditors nor beneficial interest holders of Oxbridge Re NS have recourse to the Company s
general credit. 

Upon
issuance of a series of participating notes by Oxbridge Re NS, all of the proceeds from the issuance are deposited into collateral accounts,
to fund any potential obligation under the reinsurance agreements entered into with Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited underlying such series
of notes. The outstanding principal amount of each series of notes generally is expected to be returned to holders of such notes upon
the expiration of the risk period underlying such notes, unless an event occurs which causes a loss under the applicable series of notes,
in which case the amount returned is expected to be reduced by such noteholder s pro rata share of such loss, as specified in the
applicable governing documents of such notes. 

In
addition, holders of such notes are generally entitled to interest payments, payable annually, as determined by the applicable governing
documents of each series of notes. 

Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited receives an origination and structuring fee in connection with the formation, operation, and management of Oxbridge
Re NS. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

6.
VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES (continued) 

Notes
Payable to Series 2020-1 noteholders 

Oxbridge
Re NS entered into a retrocession agreement with Oxbridge Reinsurance Ltd on June 1, 2020 and issued thousand of participating notes
which provides quota share support for Oxbridge Re s global property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance business. The participating
notes have been assigned Series 2020-1 and are due to mature on . None of the participating notes were redeemed during the
years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. No new participating notes were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
income from Oxbridge Re NS operations that are attributable to the participating notes noteholders for year ended December 31, 2022 was
 , and are included within accounts payable and other liabilities at December 31, 2022. The income from Oxbridge Re NS operations
that are attributable to the participating notes noteholders for the year ended December 31, 2021 was and are included within
accounts payable and other liabilities at December 31, 2021. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Prior year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total incurred 

Paid related
 to: 

Current year 
 - 

Prior year 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total paid 
 - 

Balance,
 end of year 
 
 - 

When
losses occur, the reserves for losses and LAE are typically comprised of case reserves (which are based on claims that have been
reported) and IBNR reserves (which are based on losses that are believed to have occurred but for which claims have not yet been
reported and include a provision for expected future development on existing case reserves). The Company typically suffers limit
losses in the event of a Category 3 or above hurricane making landfall in a populated area where the Company has catastrophe risk
exposure. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded it s reserves for losses and LAE based on the
contractual maximum loss the Company can suffer under the affected contracts. 

The
uncertainties inherent in the reserving process and potential delays by cedants and brokers in the reporting of loss information, together
with the potential for unforeseen adverse developments, may result in the reserve for losses and LAE ultimately being significantly greater
or less than the reserve provided at the end of any given reporting period. The degree of uncertainty is further increased when a significant
loss event takes place near the end of a reporting period. Reserve for losses and LAE estimates are reviewed periodically on a contract-by-contract
basis and updated as new information becomes known. Any resulting adjustments are reflected in income in the period in which they become
known. 

The
Company s reserving process is highly dependent on the timing of loss information received from its cedants and related brokers. 

The
losses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to a first limit loss suffered by the Company as a result of underwriting
exposure to Hurricane Ian, which made landfall in Florida on September 28, 2022. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

7.
RESERVE FOR LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES (continued) 

Reserving
methodologies and assumptions 

Loss
reserves are generally established based on loss payments and case reserves reported by clients when, and if, received. Estimates for
IBNR losses are added to the case reserves. To establish IBNR loss estimates, the Company uses quarterly actuarial estimates from its
independent actuary, who utilizes loss data reported by the Company along with industry loss data and information, knowledge of the business
written and actuary s own professional judgment. 

The
independent actuary employs standard actuarial methods for its analysis each quarter. Such methods may include the: 

Reported Loss Development
 Method. Ultimate losses are estimated by calculating past reported loss development factors and applying them to exposure
 periods with further expected reported loss development. Since reported losses include payments and case reserves, changes in both
 of these amounts are incorporated in this method. 

Expected Loss Ratio
 Method. Ultimate losses are estimated by multiplying earned premiums by an expected loss ratio. The expected loss ratio is
 selected using industry data, historical company data and actuarial professional judgment. This method is typically used for lines
 of business and contracts where there are no historical losses or where past loss experience is not credible. 

Bornhuetter-Ferguson
 Reported Loss Method. Ultimate losses are estimated by modifying expected loss ratios to the extent reported losses experienced
 to date differ from what would have been expected to have been reported based upon the selected reported loss development pattern.
 This method avoids some of the distortions that could result from a large development factor being applied to a small base of reported
 losses to calculate ultimate losses. 

Frequency / Severity
 Method. Ultimate losses are estimated under this method by multiplying the ultimate number of claims (i.e. the frequency
 multiplied by the exposure base on which the frequency has been determined), by the estimated ultimate average cost per claim (i.e.
 the severity). By analyzing claims experience by its frequency and severity components, the Company can examine trends and patterns
 in the rates of claims emergence (i.e. reporting) and settlement (i.e. closure) as well as in the average cost of claims. 

The approach is valuable because sometimes there is
 more inherent stability in the frequency and severity data when viewed separately rather than in the total losses 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

7.
RESERVE FOR LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES (continued) 

Reserving
methodologies and assumptions (continued 

In
addition, the Company may supplement its analysis with other reserving methodologies that are deemed to be relevant to specific contracts. 

For
each contract, the Company utilizes reserving methodologies that are deemed appropriate to calculate a best
estimate, or point estimate, of reserves. The decision of whether to use a single methodology or a combination of multiple methodologies
depends upon the judgment of the independent actuary, if utilized. The Company s reserving methodology does not require a fixed weighting of
the various methods used. Certain methods are considered more appropriate depending on the type and structure of the contract, the age
and maturity of the contract, and the duration of the expected paid losses on the contract. 

The
Company s gross aggregate reserves are the sum of the point estimate reserves of all portfolio exposures. Generally, IBNR loss
reserves are calculated by estimating the ultimate incurred losses at any point in time and subtracting cumulative paid claims and case
reserves, which incorporate specific exposures, loss payment and reporting patterns and other relevant factors. 

There
were no significant changes in the Company s methodology or assumptions relating to the Company s reserve for loss and loss adjustment
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Claims
Development Tables, IBNR Reserves and Claims Frequency 

The
following table discloses information about the Company s incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, as well
as cumulative claim frequency and the total of incurred-but-not-reporting and expected development on reported claims included within
the net incurred claims amounts. A claim is defined as a reported loss from a cedant on an excess-of-loss reinsurance contract arising
from a loss event for which the Company records a paid loss or case reserve. The Company operates a single business segment, being property
catastrophe reinsurance. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

7.
RESERVE FOR LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES (continued) 

- 

2017 

- 

2018 

- 

2019 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2021 

- 

2022 

- 
 
 - 

Total 

- 

Cumulative
Paid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

(in thousands) 

Accident Year 
 2016 
 2017 
 2018 
 2019 
 2020 
 2021 
 2022 
 
 2016 

2017 

2018 

2019 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 2021 

2022 

- 

Total 

Reserve for loss and loss adjustment expenses at December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance 

- 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares - basic 

Effect of dilutive securities - Stock options 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shares issuable upon conversion of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 
 Weighted average shares - diluted 

(Loss) earnings per share - basic 

(Loss) earnings per share - diluted 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, options to purchase 
ordinary shares were anti-dilutive due net loss during the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, options to purchase 
ordinary shares were anti-dilutive due to the sum of the proceeds, including unrecognized compensation expense, exceeded the average
market price of the Company s ordinary share during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

GAAP
requires the Company to use the two-class method in computing basic (loss) earnings per share since holders of the Company s restricted
stock have the right to share in dividends, if declared, equally with common stockholders. These participating securities effect the
computation of both basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

warrants outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. One warrant may be exercised to acquire one ordinary share at an exercise
price equal to per share on or before March 26, 2024. The Company at its option may cancel the warrants in whole or in part, provided
that the closing price per ordinary share has exceeded for at least ten trading days within any period of twenty consecutive trading
days, including the last trading day of the period. warrants were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

of the Company s ordinary shares. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted an aggregated of 
of restricted stock to directors under the 2021 Plan and the 2014 Plan. At December 31, 2022, there were 
shares and 
shares available for grant under the 2021 Plan and the 2014 Plan, respectively. 

Stock
options 

Stock
options granted and outstanding under the Plans vests quarterly over four years and are exercisable over the contractual term of . 

years 
 - 
 
 Exercisable
 at December 31, 2021 

years 
 - 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 - 
 
 Outstanding
 at December 31, 2022 

years 
 - 
 
 Exercisable
 at December 31, 2022 

years 
 - 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

11.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Compensation
expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled and , respectively, and is included in general
and administrative expenses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was approximately and , respectively, of total unrecognized
compensation expense related to non-vested stock options granted under the Plans. The Company expects to recognize the remaining compensation
expense over a weighted-average period of twenty-four months. 

There
were no options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 
options were granted with fair value estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions and the Black-Scholes option
pricing model: 

Expected
 volatility 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

Expected
 life (in years) 

Per share
 grant date fair value of options issued 

At
the time of the grant, the dividend yield was based on the Company s history and expectation of dividend payouts at the time of
the grant; expected volatility was based on volatility of similar companies common stock; the risk-free rate was based on the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect. 

The
Company examined its historical pattern of option exercises in an effort to determine if there were any pattern based on certain employee
populations. From this analysis, the Company could not identify any patterns in the exercise of options. As such, the Company used the
guidance in the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 to determine the estimated life of options issued. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

The
Company may grant restricted stock awards to eligible individuals in connection with their service to the Company. The terms of the Company s
outstanding restricted stock grants may include service, performance and market-based conditions. The fair value of the awards with market-based
conditions is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation method, which calculates many potential outcomes for an award and then establishes
fair value based on the most likely outcome. The determination of fair value with respect to the awards with only performance or service-based
conditions is based on the value of the Company s stock on the grant date. 

Information
with respect to the activity of unvested restricted stock awards during the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows (share amounts
not in thousands): 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

11.
SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued) 

Compensation
expense recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled 
and , respectively, and is included in general and administrative expenses. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was
approximately 
and ,
respectively, of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock granted under the Plans. The Company
expects to recognize the remaining compensation expense over a weighted-average period of thirty-four months. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited s net worth of million exceeded the minimum and prescribed capital requirement.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Oxbridge Reinsurance Ltd. s net (loss) income was approximately million
and million, respectively. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Oxbridge Re NS net worth of thousand exceeded the minimum and prescribed capital requirement. For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Oxbridge Re NS net income was approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. 

The
Subsidiaries are not required to prepare separate statutory financial statements for filing with CIMA, and there were no material differences
between the Subsidiaries GAAP capital, surplus and net income, and its statutory capital, surplus and net income as of December
31, 2022 or for the year then ended. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

13.
FAIR VALUE AND CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES (continued) 

Concentrations
of Credit and Counterparty Risk 

The
Company markets retrocessional and reinsurance policies worldwide through its brokers. Credit risk exists to the extent that any of these
brokers may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations to the Company. For example, the Company is required to pay amounts owed
on claims under policies to brokers, and these brokers, may fail to pay over the money to the cedants. In some jurisdictions, if a broker
fails to make such a payment, the Company might remain liable to the ceding company for the deficiency. In addition, in certain jurisdictions,
when the ceding company pays premiums for these policies to brokers, these premiums are considered to have been paid and the ceding insurer
is no longer liable to the Company for those amounts, whether or not the premiums have actually been received. 

The
Company remains liable for losses it incurs to the extent that any third-party reinsurer is unable or unwilling to make timely payments
under reinsurance agreements. The Company would also be liable in the event that its ceding companies were unable to collect amounts
due from underlying third-party reinsurers. 

The
Company seeks to mitigate its concentration of credit risk, and its counterparty risk by using reputable (and in some cases) several
counterparties which decreases the likelihood of any significant credit and/or counterparty risk. 

Market
risk 

Market
risk exists to the extent that the values of the Company s monetary assets fluctuate as a result of changes in market prices. Changes
in market prices can arise from factors specific to individual securities or their respective issuers, or factors affecting all securities
traded in a particular market. Relevant factors for the Company are both volatility and liquidity of specific securities and markets
in which the Company holds investments. The Company has established investment guidelines that seek to mitigate significant exposure
to market risk. 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

14.
LEASES (continued) 

Cash paid for amounts included
 in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Operating
 cash flows from operating leases 

(1) 

Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases 
 years 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate - operating leases 

2023 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

per
month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support to the Sponsor and the SPAC. Upon completion of the
SPAC s initial Business Combination or the SPAC s liquidation, the Sponsor will cease paying these monthly fees. For the
year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received ,
and recorded income of from the
Sponsor under the Administrative Services Agreement, which is included in net investment and other income in the
consolidated statements of operations. At December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a receivable of which
is included in due from related parties in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Included
within due from related parties on the consolidated balance sheets is a balance of thousand representing reimbursable
expenses relating to government and professional fees that the Company paid on behalf of the SPAC and the Sponsor. 

Participating
Notes 

During
the year ending December 31, 2021, Mr. Jay Madhu, a director and officer of the Company and its subsidiaries, invested a principal
amount of 
thousand in Series 2020-1 participating notes. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Jay Madhu received and 
thousand respectively, return on the investment. The principal balance is included in notes payable at December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021. 

Furniture and Fixtures 

Motor vehicle 

Computer equipment and software 

Total, at cost 

less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

OXBRIDGE
RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 

Class B shares, which at closing of the business combination will have a value of . This does not include the
value of the private placement warrants that the Company beneficially holds in Oxbridge Acquisition. 

Launch
of SurancePlus Offering 

On
March 27, 2023, Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited (the Company and its indirect wholly owned subsidiary SurancePlus Inc. SurancePlus ), a British Virgin Islands Business Company, issued a press release announcing the commencement of an offering
by SurancePlus of up to million (USD) of DeltaCat Re Tokens (the Tokens ), which represent Series DeltaCat Preferred
Shares of SurancePlus Preferred Shares , and together with the Tokens, the Securities ). Each Token, which
will have a purchase price of per Token, will represent one Preferred Share of SurancePlus. 

The
proceeds from the offer and sale of the Securities will be used by SurancePlus to purchase one or more participating notes of Oxbridge
Re NS Limited, a Cayman Islands licensed reinsurance company subsidiary of the Company, and the proceeds from the sale of participating
notes will be invested in collateralized reinsurance contracts to be underwritten by Oxbridge Re NS Limited. The holders of the Securities
will generally be entitled to proceeds from the payment of participating notes in the amount of a preferred return of 12.00 plus 80 
of any proceeds in excess of the amount necessary to pay the preferred return. Assuming no casualty losses to properties reinsured by
Oxbridge Re s reinsurance subsidiaries, DeltaCat Re token investors are expected to receive a return on the original purchase price
of the tokens of up to 196 after 3 years. 

There
were no other events subsequent to December 31, 2022, other than stated above, for which disclosure was required. 

F- 30 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE
I 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SUMMARY OF INVESTMENTS - OTHER THAN INVESTMENTS IN RELATED PARTIES 

 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

(expressed
in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

Total investments 

F- 31 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE
II 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET - PARENT COMPANY ONLY 

 (expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

Equity securities 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Due from subsidiaries 

Due from related party 

Prepayment and other assets 

Prepaid offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders equity: 

Ordinary share capital 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

SCHEDULE
II (continued) 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

 CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - PARENT COMPANY ONLY 

 (expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Net investment income 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

Net realized investment gain 

Management fees and other income 

Operating expenses 

Income before equity in (loss) income of subsidiaries 

Equity in (loss) / income of
 subsidiaries 

Net (loss) income 

SCHEDULE
II (continued) 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED 

 CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF REGISTRANT 

 CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - PARENT COMPANY ONLY 

 (expressed in thousands of U.S. Dollars) 

2022 
 2021 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used
 in) provided by operating activities: 

Equity in loss (income) of
 subsidiaries 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Net realized investment gain 

Change in fair value of equity securities 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Due from subsidiary 

Due from related party 

Prepayment and other assets 

Prepaid offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchase of equity securities 

Investment in subsidiary 

Proceeds from sale of equity securities 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

F- 34 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE
III 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SUPPLEMENTARY INSURANCE INFORMATION 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 (expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

- 

2021 
 Property Casualty 
 
 - 

SCHEDULE
IV 

OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 REINSURANCE INFORMATION 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(expressed in thousands of U.S. dollars) 

2021 
 Property Casualty 
 - 
 - 

F- 36 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited 

Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited owns 100 of the equity interests in: 

Oxbridge Reinsurance Limited, which was incorporated
 on April 23, 2013 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

Oxbridge Re NS Limited, which was incorporated on December
 22, 2017 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

Oxbridge VT Ltd, which was incorporated on January
 27, 2022 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

OAC Equity Holdings LLC, which was incorporated on
 May 18, 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands. 

SurancePlus, Inc. which was incorporated on December
 19, 2022 under the laws of the British Virgin Islands. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
have issued our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in
the Registration Statement of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited on Form S-3 (File No. 333-262590). 

/s/
Hacker, Johnson Smith PA 

HACKER,
JOHNSON SMITH PA 

 Tampa,
Florida 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certifications
of the Chief Executive Officer 
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and 
Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Jay Madhu, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 JAY MADHU 

Jay Madhu 

Chief Executive Officer and President 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certifications
of the Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and 
Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

I,
Wrendon Timothy, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oxbridge Re Holdings Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 WRENDON TIMOTHY 

Wrendon Timothy 

Chief Financial Officer
 and Secretary 

(Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal 

Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 ex32.htm

Exhibit
32 

Written
Statement of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

Solely
for the purposes of complying with 18 U.S.C. 1350, we, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Oxbridge
Re Holdings Limited (the Company ), hereby certify, based on our knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company
for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/
 JAY MADHU 

Jay
 Madhu 

Chief
 Executive Officer and President 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 WRENDON TIMOTHY 

Wrendon
 Timothy 

Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal
 Financial Officer and Principal 

Accounting
 Officer) 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 oxbr-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 oxbr-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 oxbr-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 oxbr-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

