<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230215_10-K_edgar_data_1172222_0001172222-23-000013.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26797962</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>938609</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3312021</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11590379</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5404991</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4947678</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001172222-23-000013.hdr.sgml : 20230215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230215163032
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001172222-23-000013
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAWAIIAN HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001172222
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIR TRANSPORTATION, SCHEDULED [4512]
		IRS NUMBER:				710879698
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31443
		FILM NUMBER:		23635775

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3375 KOAPAKA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE G-350
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96819
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8088353700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3375 KOAPAKA STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE G-350
		CITY:			HONOLULU
		STATE:			HI
		ZIP:			96819

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAWAIIAN HOLDINGS  INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAWAIIAN AIR GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020429

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HA HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020425

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001172222-23-000013.txt : 20230215

10-K
 1
 ha-20221231.htm
 10-K

ha-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents , 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (NASDAQ Global Select Market) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Rule Act 12b-2). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million, computed by reference to the closing sale price of the Common Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 
 As of February 3, 2023, shares of Common Stock of the registrant were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents , 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I 
 4 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 11 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 33 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 33 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 35 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 35 
 PART II 
 36 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 36 
 ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 
 37 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 38 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 55 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 57 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 113 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 113 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 116 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 116 
 PART III 
 116 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 116 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 116 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 116 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 116 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 116 
 PART IV 
 116 
 ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 117 
 SIGNATURES 
 122 

1 

Table of Contents , 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that reflect our current views with respect to certain current and future events and financial performance. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to our financial statements and results of operations; any expectations of operating expenses, deferred revenue, interest rates, tax rates, income taxes, deferred tax assets, valuation allowances or other financial items; the severity, magnitude, duration and effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts will materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position or achievement of strategic objectives; the duration and scope of government mandates or other limitations of or restrictions on travel; implementation of programs and enhancements in light of COVID-19; the demand for air travel in the markets in which we operate; anticipated levels of demand and bookings; additional route service; the compounding effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on competitive pressures in the markets in which we operate; our dependence on tourism; the impact of reduced demand from any one type of customer; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our suppliers; the effect of the economic downturn and the COVID-19 pandemic on our aircraft contracts and commitments; the effect of government, business and individual actions intended to mitigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; our ability to continue to generate sufficient cash to operate; whether or when we may engage in stock repurchases or dividends; changes in our future capital needs; estimations related to our liquidity requirements; future obligations under CARES Act, CAA 2021 and ARP 2021 programs; the availability of aircraft fuel, aircraft parts and personnel; expectations regarding industry capacity, our capacity, our operating performance, available seat miles, operating revenue per available seat mile and operating cost per available seat mile for the first quarter and full year of 2023; the timing, scope and costs of our operations pursuant to the Air Transportation Services Agreement; expectations of the benefits and drawbacks related to exclusivity arrangements with loyalty, co-brand and other partners; expected salary and related costs; expected passenger servicing costs; expected commissions and other selling expenses; expected purchased services and other expenses; estimates for daily cash burn; our expected fleet as of December 31, 2023; estimates of annual fuel expenses and measure of the effects of fuel prices on our business; the impact of inflation on our business; the availability of, and efforts seeking, future financing; changes in our fleet plan and related cash outlays; committed capital expenditures; continued investments towards achieving our environmental goals; the estimated timing for certain asset dispositions; estimated financial charges; expected delivery or deferment of new aircraft and engines; the funding of our aircraft orders; the impact of accounting standards on our financial statements; our ability to successfully assert legal defenses in litigation and the effects of any litigation on our operations or business; the effects of our fuel and currency risk hedging policies; the fair value and expected maturity of our debt obligations; our estimated contractual obligations; the effect of fleet changes on our business, operations and cost structure; estimates of fair value measurements; estimates of required funding of and contributions to our defined benefit pension, other post-retirement plans and disability plans; the status and effects of federal and state legislation and regulations promulgated by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) and other regulatory agencies; the impact of new or revised noise abatement procedures at the airports we serve; airport rent rates and landing fees; estimates related to our frequent flyer program; our credit card holdback; our debt or lease obligations and financing arrangements; risk management, credit risks, and air traffic liability; future U.S. and global economic conditions or performance; and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts or statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates," "could," "would," "will," "might," "may," variations of such words, and similar expressions are also intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are and will be, as the case may be, subject to many risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relating to our operations and business environment, all of which may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future results, expressed or implied, in these forward-looking statements. 
 
 Factors that could affect such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: the continuing and developing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and financial condition; the duration of government-mandated and other restrictions on travel, and the full effects that such restrictions to limit the spread of COVID-19 will have on demand for air travel in the markets in which we operate; the role of cargo in our business model; the concentration of our cargo business with Amazon; fluctuations and the extent of declining demand for air transportation in the markets in which we operate; our dependence on the tourist industry; our ability to generate sufficient cash and manage the cash available to us; our ability to accurately forecast quarterly and annual results; global economic volatility; macroeconomic political and regulatory developments; the cost and availability of fuel, aircraft parts and personnel; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; competitive pressures, including the impact of increasing industry capacity between North America and Hawai'i; the impact of inflation on the economy, our financial condition and results of operations; the impact of interest rate increases; maintenance of privacy and security of customer-related information and compliance with applicable federal and foreign privacy or data security regulations or standards; our dependence on technology and automated systems; our reliance on third-party contractors; satisfactory labor relations; our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and key executives; successful implementation of our growth strategy and cost reduction goals; adverse publicity; risks related to the airline industry; our ability to obtain and 
 2 

Table of Contents , 

 maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure; seasonal and cyclical volatility; the effect of applicable state, federal and foreign laws and regulations; increases in insurance costs or reductions in coverage; the limited number of suppliers for aircraft, aircraft engines and parts; our existing aircraft purchase agreements; delays in aircraft or engine deliveries or other loss of fleet capacity; changes in our future capital needs; fluctuations in our share price; the impact of outstanding warrants on our financial results and the market price of our common stock; our financial liquidity; and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The risks, uncertainties, and assumptions referred to above that could cause our results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements also include the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risks, uncertainties and assumptions discussed from time to time in our public filings and public announcements. All forward-looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this annual report. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents , 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (Holdings) is a holding company incorporated in the State of Delaware. Holdings' primary asset is sole ownership of all issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (Hawaiian). Hawaiian was originally incorporated in January 1929 under the laws of the Territory of Hawai'i and became our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary pursuant to a corporate restructuring that was consummated in August 2002. Hawaiian became a Delaware corporation and Holdings' direct wholly-owned subsidiary concurrent with Hawaiian's reorganization and reacquisition by Holdings in June 2005. References to "the Company", "we", "us" or "our" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include both Holdings and Hawaiian unless the context requires otherwise. 
 Our Business 
 We are engaged in the scheduled air transportation of passengers and cargo amongst the Hawaiian Islands (the Neighbor Island routes), between the Hawaiian Islands and certain cities in the United States (the North America routes, and together with the Neighbor Island routes, the Domestic routes), and between the Hawaiian Islands and the South Pacific, Australia, New Zealand and Asia (the International routes), collectively referred to as our Scheduled Operations. We offer non-stop service to Hawai'i from 15 U.S. mainland cities, which is more U.S. gateway cities than any other airline, and also provide approximately 144 daily flights between the Hawaiian Islands. In addition, we operate various charter flights. 
 We are the longest serving airline, as well as the largest airline headquartered, in the state of Hawai'i, and the 11th largest domestic airline in the United States based on revenue passenger miles (RPMs) reported by the Research and Innovative Technology Administration Bureau of Transportation Services as of October 2022, the latest data available. 
 At December 31, 2022, our fleet consisted of 19 Boeing 717-200 aircraft for the Neighbor Island routes and 24 Airbus A330-200 aircraft and 18 Airbus A321neo aircraft utilized primarily on our North America and International routes. Additionally, we own two ATR42 and one ATR72 aircraft, which were previously utilized in our "'Ohana by Hawaiian" operations that we terminated during 2021. Following termination of operations, we committed to a plan of sale and reclassified the ATR aircraft and related asset group as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We expect to complete our disposition of the asset group in the first half of 2023. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 We will also expand our cargo business. On October 20, 2022, we entered into an Air Transportation Services Agreement (ATSA) with Amazon.com Services LLC (Customer), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amazon.com Inc. (Amazon), to provide certain air cargo transportation services to the Customer for an initial term of eight years. Thereafter, the Customer may elect to extend the ATSA for two years and, at the end of such period, the parties may mutually agree to extend the term for three additional years. The ATSA provides for us to initially operate ten A330-300F aircraft for the air cargo transportation services with the Customer having the right to enter into work orders for additional aircraft. We will supply flight crews, perform maintenance and certain administrative functions, and procure aircraft insurance. The Customer will pay us a fixed monthly fee per aircraft, a per flight hour fee, and a per flight cycle fee for each flight cycle operated. The Customer will also reimburse us for certain operating expenses, including fuel, certain maintenance, and insurance premiums. Services under the ATSA are anticipated to begin in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Our goal is to be the number one destination carrier serving Hawai'i. We are devoted to the travel needs of the residents of and visitors to Hawai'i and we offer a unique travel experience. We are strongly rooted in the culture and people of Hawai'i and we seek to provide high quality service to our customers that exemplifies the spirit of Aloha. 
 Purpose and Values 
 Our purpose is to connect people with Aloha . It captures how we bring people closer together, and how we share the Aloha spirit with the people and places we serve. It is core to who we are, how we see the world and how we engage with the people and places around us. Aloha is a way of life, but also a choice each of our employees makes every day, constantly striving to be the very best we can be. With Aloha in everything we do, we share moments and our spirit with guests and each other. 
 Our values, reflected below, guide how we act, lead, and make decisions: 
 
 M lama (Care): We care about the people and places we serve, and personally commit to their well-being 
 Ho okipa (Hospitality): We are genuine hosts, welcoming people into our home with warmth, gratitude and full hearts 
 L kahi (Collaboration): We come together in harmony, always seeking better ways to succeed as a team 
 Po okela (Excellence): We strive for excellence, competing to thrive 
 4 

Table of Contents , 

 Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact passenger travel demand, with total revenue down approximately 7 during 2022 as compared to 2019. The recovery in our domestic network has been robust with passenger revenue up 8 during 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019, while international revenue continues to lag the recovery in domestic travel, with revenue down 61 during 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019. 
 
 During 2022, our domestic network accounted for approximately 89 of total passenger revenue. We continue to monitor developments relating to the easing of restrictions on international travel by international governments, including by the government of Japan, as Japan represented a large percentage of our pre-pandemic international revenue. In late September 2022, Japan announced that passenger arrival caps would be lifted in October 2022. However, requirements remain in effect for travelers to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination or a pre-travel negative PCR test result. In October 2022, the Republic of Korea announced that it was eliminating all remaining COVID-related restrictions for all arriving guests, effective immediately, with post-arrival tests and proof of vaccination no longer required. 
 
 Flight Operations 
 
 Our flight operations are based in Honolulu, Hawai'i. As of December 31, 2022, we operated 216 scheduled flights with: 
 Daily service on our North America routes between the state of Hawai'i and Long Beach, Los Angeles, Oakland, Ontario, Sacramento, San Diego, San Francisco, and San Jose, California; Las Vegas, Nevada; Portland, Oregon; Seattle, Washington; Phoenix, Arizona; New York City, New York; Austin, Texas; and Boston, Massachusetts. 
 Daily service on our Neighbor Island routes among the four major islands of the state of Hawai'i. 
 Scheduled service on our International routes between the state of Hawai'i and Tokyo (Haneda), Japan, Tokyo (Narita), Japan, and Osaka, Japan; Sydney, Australia; Auckland, New Zealand; Pago Pago, American Samoa; Papeete, Tahiti; and Seoul, South Korea. 
 In addition, we operate various ad hoc charters. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the following international destinations remain suspended and have not resumed service: 
 Service between the state of Hawai'i and Sapporo, Japan and Fukuoka, Japan. 
 
 In January 2022, we announced the indefinite suspension of our service to Brisbane, Australia. However, we continue to operate our five-times-weekly service to Sydney, Australia and maintain our code-share partnership with Virgin Australia. 
 
 In November 2022, we announced new weekly service between Honolulu, Hawai'i and Rarotonga, the Cook Islands, which will commence in May 2023. 
 Fuel 
 Our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in the price and availability of aircraft fuel. The following table shows our aircraft fuel consumption and costs: Year Gallons consumed Total cost, including taxes Average cost per gallon Percent of operating expenses (in thousands) 2022 239,231 817,077 3.42 28.7 2021 179,494 363,003 2.02 21.6 2020 106,225 161,363 1.52 10.8 
 As illustrated by the table above, fuel costs constitute a significant portion of our operating expenses. We purchase aircraft fuel at prevailing market prices and seek to manage economic risks associated with fluctuations in aircraft fuel prices by entering into various derivative financial instruments. In 2020, we suspended our fuel derivative program as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We recommenced the program during 2022. 
 Aircraft Maintenance 
 Our aircraft maintenance programs consist of a series of phased or continuous checks for each aircraft type. These checks are performed at specified intervals measured by calendar months, time flown, and by the number of takeoffs and landings, or cycles operated. In addition, we perform inspections, repairs, and modifications of our aircraft in response to FAA directives. We perform checks ranging from "walk around" inspections by our pilots before each flight's departure to major overhauls of the airframes which can take several weeks to complete. Aircraft engines are subject to phased maintenance programs designed to detect and remedy potential problems before they occur. Certain airframe and engine parts and components, whose service 
 5 

Table of Contents , 

 lives are time or cycle controlled, are replaced or refurbished prior to the expiration of their time or cycle limits. We have contracts with third parties to provide certain maintenance on our aircraft and aircraft engines. 
 Marketing and Ticket Distribution 
 We utilize various distribution channels for marketing and ticket distribution including our website www.hawaiianairlines.com , (primarily for our North America and Neighbor Island routes) and travel agencies and wholesale distributors (primarily for our International routes). 
 Our website is available in English, Japanese, Korean and Chinese, and offers our customers information on our flight schedules and status, information on our HawaiianMiles frequent flyer program, the ability to book reservations on our flights or connecting flights with any of our code-share partners, and the ability to purchase hotel, car and vacation packages. We also distribute our fares through online travel agencies. 
 Frequent Flyer Program 
 The HawaiianMiles frequent flyer program was founded in 1983, and has continued to grow over the years, with approximately 11.7 million total members as of December 31, 2022. Approximately 63 of frequent flyer program members reside in the U.S. mainland, approximately 23 reside in Hawai'i, and the remainder reside within our international markets. 
 The HawaiianMiles program awards miles based on customer flight miles, providing more generous earning potential on competitive longer haul routes between the U.S. mainland and international cities and Hawai'i. Our members generate approximately 40 of all passenger revenue. Our Pualani Gold and Platinum status levels recognize our top fliers with additional benefits such as priority airport experiences, Premier Club access, seat upgrades and enhanced baggage allowances. Our Platinum members both fly more frequently and generate a revenue premium of approximately 39 as compared to non-members on our North American and International routes. 
 With a large Hawai'i-based route network, our program has developed an extensive network of partnerships with leading national and local companies that allow members to earn miles beyond their flight activity. Partnerships in key spend categories such as grocery, retail, dining, banking and home improvement provide opportunities for member engagement and third-party revenues. 
 Hawaiian's partnerships with Barclays, Bank of Hawaii and Mastercard to deliver key products are drivers of engagement and revenues. The HawaiianMiles program has over a half-million cardholders between the Barclays' issued World Elite Mastercard and the Bank of Hawaii VISA debit card. These products allow members to accumulate more miles between their trips on Hawaiian and are critical engagement tools for not only the loyalty program, but also the airline. 
 The number of free travel awards used for travel on Hawaiian was approximately 738,000 in 2022. The number of free travel awards as a percentage of total revenue passengers was approximately 7 and 8 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We believe displacement of revenue passengers by passengers using free travel awards is reduced by our ability to manage frequent flyer seat inventory, and the relatively low ratio of free award usage to total revenue passengers. 
 Enhancing our loyalty offering, for HawaiianMiles members who do not reach Pualani elite status, we offer our Premier Club subscription program. Launched over 30 years ago, our subscription service allows members to enjoy free baggage, access to airport clubs, priority check-in and other value adds. With an annual rate currently between 199 to 299, Hawaiian is able to generate ancillary revenues while helping to keep future customer purchases on Hawaiian flights. 
 In April 2021, the Company announced the termination of its HawaiianMiles expiration policy, effective April 1, 2021. Prior to April 1, 2021, accounts with no activity (miles earned or redeemed) for 18 months automatically expired. Since April 1, 2021, HawaiianMiles accounts do not expire. 
 Code-Share and Other Alliances 
 We have marketing alliances with other airlines to offer connecting services, as well as frequent flier program relationships that provide reciprocal frequent flyer mileage accrual and redemption privileges, and code-shares on certain flights. These programs enhance our revenue opportunities by: 
 increasing value to our customers by providing easier access to more travel destinations and better mileage accrual/redemption opportunities; 
 giving customers access to more connecting flights from other airlines; and 
 providing our members and members of our alliance partners' frequent flyer programs an opportunity to travel on our system while earning mileage credit in the alliance partners' programs. 
 6 

Table of Contents , 

 Our marketing alliances with other airlines as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: Hawaiian Miles Frequent Flyer Agreement Other Airline Frequent Flyer Agreement Code-share Hawaiian Flight # on Flights Operated by Other Airline Code-share Other Airline Flight # on Flights Operated by Hawaiian American Airlines No Yes No Yes China Airlines Yes Yes Yes Yes Delta Air Lines No Yes No Yes Japan Airlines Yes Yes Yes Yes JetBlue Yes Yes Yes Yes Korean Air Yes Yes Yes Yes Philippine Airlines No No No Yes Turkish Airlines No No No Yes United Airlines No Yes No Yes Virgin Atlantic Airways Yes Yes No No Virgin Australia Yes Yes Yes No 
 Competition 
 The airline industry is highly competitive. We believe that the principal competitive factors in the airline industry are: 
 Fares; 
 Flight frequency and schedule; 
 Customer service; 
 On-time performance and reliability; 
 Name recognition; 
 Marketing affiliations; 
 Frequent flyer benefits; 
 Aircraft type; 
 Change fee waivers; 
 Safety record; and 
 In-flight services. 
 Domestic We face multiple competitors on our North America routes including major network carriers such as Alaska Airlines (AS), American Airlines (AA), United Airlines (UA), Delta Airlines (DL), and Southwest Airlines (WN). Various charter companies also provide non-scheduled service to Hawai'i, mostly under public charter arrangements. Our Neighbor Island competitors consist of interisland carriers, which include Mokulele Airlines, Southwest Airlines, and a number of other "air taxi" companies. 
 International We are the only provider of direct service between Honolulu, Hawai'i and each of Sapporo, Japan; Fukuoka (currently suspended), Japan; Pago Pago, American Samoa; and Papeete, Tahiti. We will begin service between Honolulu, Hawai'i and Rarotonga, the Cook Islands in May 2023 and will be the only airline to offer non-stop flights between the U.S. and the Cook Islands. However, we face multiple competitors from both domestic and foreign carriers on our other international routes. 
 Employees and Human Capital Management 
 
 Our workforce is a key driver to our success. 
 7 

Table of Contents , 

 As of December 31, 2022, we had 7,108 active employees, of whom approximately 81.3 were covered by labor agreements with the following organized labor groups: Employee Group Represented by Number of Employees Agreement amendable on ) Flight deck crew members Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) 1,012 July 1, 2022 Cabin crew members Association of Flight Attendants (AFA) 2,231 April 2, 2025 Maintenance and engineering personnel International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM-M) 824 February 15, 2027 Clerical International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers - Clerical Division (IAM-C) 1,655 February 15, 2027 Flight dispatch personnel Transport Workers Union (TWU) 59 April 21, 2027 
 Our relations with labor unions representing our airline employees are governed by the Railway Labor Act of 1926 (the Railway Labor Act). Under the Railway Labor Act, a collective bargaining agreement between us and the labor unions does not expire, but instead becomes amendable as of a stated date if either party wishes to modify the terms of the agreement. 
 
 In February 2022, our IAM-M and IAM-C employees ratified a new collective bargaining agreement (CBA), which included scheduled pay rate increases, a signing bonus valued at approximately 2.1 million, improved health benefits and cost sharing, as well as the establishment of Health Retirement Accounts (HRAs) for retirees. During the second quarter, we recorded approximately 2.6 million in one-time CBA related expenses associated with a voluntary separation program and establishment of the HRA plan. 
 
 In April 2022, flight dispatch personnel represented by the Transport Workers Union (TWU), ratified a new CBA. The terms of the new CBA were consistent with those of the IAM discussed above; however, the impact of the TWU CBA is not material to our financial statements. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, our collective bargaining agreement with representatives of our ALPA employees became amendable. In February 2023, the Flight deck crew members ratified a new four year CBA, which includes, amongst other things, a signing bonus, pay scale increases across all fleet types, improved health benefits and cost sharing, and enhancements to the Company's postretirement and disability plans. 
 
 Engagement, Community and Culture 
 
 We recognize the importance of having an engaged workforce and seek to retain our employees through competitive compensation and benefits packages and by investing in training, mentoring, and career development. 
 
 We engage with our employees through various channels and initiatives, including via our N Leo (Our Voice) survey, a regular confidential employee survey that helps measure employee engagement. We review survey feedback with our management, Board of Directors, and company-wide, and we use our findings to help inform decision-making and drive improvements within the company. 
 
 We also understand that our commitment to our workforce extends to the communities of which both we and they are a part. We have several internship programs in which we train and recruit local candidates who are interested in pursuing a career with us. For those interested in working as an aviation mechanic, we partner with Honolulu Community College and the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers union. For those interested in working in information technology or another of our corporate workgroups, we offer paid summer internships at our Honolulu headquarters and Phoenix, Arizona office. 
 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 Our diversity efforts include participation in career events and conferences for veterans, people with disabilities, women, and underrepresented groups. In 2022, we were proud to lead the U.S. industry with the highest percentage of women pilots at more than 9.5 ; well above the 2021 global average of 5.8 . W e implemented and maintain an affirmative action program that employs evidence-based processes to inform our effort to minimize gender, ethnic/racial, and other bias in hiring and promotional practices. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment where our applicants and employees feel comfortable self-identifying their gender, race, and veteran and disability status. More than 80 of our active workforce identify as diverse based on ethnicity and more than 48 based on gender. We have policie s that support inclusion of everyone 
 8 

Table of Contents , 

 in our workforce, including all sexual orientations and gender identities or expressions, and we provide inclusive benefits for same- and different-sex spouses. We also support the diversity and interests of our workforce through the following employee resource groups: ASCEND (A Support Community for Employees Nurturing Diverse Abilities), LGBTQA, Network for Black Employees and Allies, Sustainability, Wahine (Women) in Aviation and Veterans. 
 
 We take pride in and value the traditional culture of Hawai ' i. The certification, which is offered at no cost to our employees, demonstrates our commitment to honor and perpetuate Hawai ' i s rich culture by incentivizing our team members to share Hawai ' i s native language with our guests and each other. We expanded our ' lelo Hawai 'i (Hawaiian language) certification program for crewmembers and made it available for all employees. The ' lelo Hawai ' i program complements our Ke Kumu project, which consists of employee-led hula and Hawaiian language classes. 
 Seasonality 
 Hawai'i is a popular vacation destination for travelers. For that reason, our operations and financial results are subject to substantial seasonal and cyclical volatility, primarily due to leisure and holiday travel patterns. Demand levels are typically weaker in the first quarter of the year with stronger demand periods occurring during the months of June, July, August, and December. We may adjust our pricing or the availability of particular fares to obtain an optimal passenger load factor depending on seasonal demand differences. 
 Our cargo operations are also subject to seasonal volatility. Global trade flows are typically seasonal in nature, with peak activity during the retail holiday season. Demand for air cargo capacity is historically low following a seasonal holiday peak in the fourth quarter of the previous year. 
 Customers 
 Our business is not dependent upon any single type of customer or groups of customers and the loss of any one type of customer would not have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We have entered into agreements with our co-brand, payment, and loyalty partners that may contain exclusivity aspects which restrict us and our subsidiaries from entering into certain arrangements with other payment and loyalty partners. These arrangements generally extend for the terms of the agreements. We believe the financial benefits generated by the exclusivity aspects of these arrangements outweigh the limitations imposed under such agreements. 
 Regulation 
 Our business is subject to extensive and evolving international, federal, state and local laws and regulations. Many governmental agencies regularly examine our operations to monitor compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Governmental authorities can enforce compliance with applicable laws and regulations and obtain injunctions or impose civil or criminal penalties or modify, suspend, or revoke our operating certificates in case of violations. 
 Industry Regulations 
 We are subject to the regulatory jurisdiction of the DOT and the FAA. The DOT has jurisdiction over international routes and fares for some countries (based upon treaty relations with those countries), consumer protection policies including baggage liability, denied boarding compensation, and unfair competitive practices as set forth in the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978. The FAA has regulatory jurisdiction over flight operations, including equipment, ground facilities, security systems, maintenance, and other safety matters. Pursuant to these regulations, we have established, and the FAA has approved, a maintenance program for each type of aircraft we operate that provides for the ongoing maintenance of our aircraft, ranging from frequent routine inspections to major overhauls. 
 Maintenance Directives 
 The FAA approves all airline maintenance programs and modifications to such programs. In addition, the FAA certifies and licenses the air carrier, mechanics, inspectors, and repair stations that perform inspections, repairs and overhauls. 
 The FAA frequently issues airworthiness directives in response to specific incidents or reports by operators or manufacturers, mandating operators of specified equipment types to perform prescribed inspections, repairs or modifications within stated time periods and/or aircraft hours and cycles. 
 9 

Table of Contents , 

 Airport Security 
 The Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Aviation Security Act) mandates that the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) provide screening of all passengers and property, including mail, cargo, carry-on and checked baggage, and other articles that will be carried aboard a passenger aircraft. Under the Aviation Security Act, substantially all security screeners at airports are federal employees and airline and airport security is overseen and performed by federal employees, including security managers, law enforcement officers, and Federal Air Marshals. The Aviation Security Act also provides for increased security on flight decks of aircraft (and requires Federal Air Marshals to be present on certain flights), improved airport perimeter access security, airline crew security training, enhanced security screening of passengers, baggage, cargo, mail, employees and vendors, enhanced training and qualifications of security screening personnel, provision of passenger data to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and enhanced background checks. 
 The TSA also has the authority to impose additional fees on air carriers, if necessary, to cover additional federal aviation security costs. 
 Environmental and Employee Safety and Health 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations concerning environmental matters and employee safety and health in the U.S. and other countries in which we do business. Many aspects of airlines' operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local, and foreign laws protecting the environment. U.S. federal laws that have a particular impact on us include the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act. Certain of our operations are also subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) concerning employee safety and health matters. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), OSHA, and other federal agencies are authorized to promulgate regulations that affect our operations. In addition to these federal activities, states are delegated certain authority under the aforementioned federal statutes. Many state and local governments have adopted environmental and employee safety and health laws and regulations, some of which, like some laws in California, are similar to or stricter than federal requirements. 
 The EPA is authorized to regulate aircraft emissions and has historically implemented emissions control standards previously adopted by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). Our aircraft comply with the existing EPA standards, as applicable, by engine design date. 
 We seek to minimize the impact of carbon emissions from our operations through reductions in our fuel consumption and other efforts. We have reduced the fuel needs of our aircraft fleet through the retirement and replacement of certain aircraft in our fleet with newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft. In addition, we have implemented fuel saving procedures in our flight and ground support operations that further reduce carbon emissions. We are also supporting initiatives to develop alternative fuels and efforts to modernize the air traffic control system in the U.S. as part of our efforts to reduce our emissions and minimize our impact on the environment. 
 Noise Abatement 
 Under the Airport Noise and Capacity Act, the DOT allows local airport authorities to implement procedures designed to abate special noise problems, provided such procedures do not unreasonably interfere with interstate and foreign commerce, or the national transportation system. Certain airports, including the major airports at Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, and San Jose, California; Sydney, Australia; and Tokyo, Japan, have established airport restrictions to limit noise, including restrictions on aircraft types to be used and limits on the number of hourly or daily operations or the time of such operations. Local authorities at other airports could consider adopting similar noise restrictions. In some instances, these restrictions have caused curtailments in services or increases in operating costs, and such restrictions could limit our ability to expand our operations and reduce our profitability. 
 Civil Reserve Air Fleet Program 
 The U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) regulates the Civil Reserve Air Fleet (CRAF) and government charters. We have elected to participate in the CRAF program by agreeing to make aircraft available to the federal government for use by the U.S. military under certain stages of readiness related to national emergencies. The program is a standby arrangement that allows the DOD to call on as many as 12 contractually committed Hawaiian aircraft and crews to supplement military airlift capabilities. In August 2021, DOD asked us to activate two aircraft under the CRAF program for Stage 1 activation as defined under the program. The activation was completed in September 2021. As of December 31, 2022, none of our aircraft were mobilized under this program. 
 10 

Table of Contents , 

 Other Regulations 
 Other aspects of airline operations are subject to regulation or oversight by federal agencies other than the FAA and the DOT. Federal antitrust laws are enforced by the U.S. Department of Justice. The U.S. Postal Service has jurisdiction over certain aspects of the transportation of mail and related services provided by our cargo services. Labor relations in the air transportation industry are generally regulated under the Railway Labor Act. We and other airlines certificated prior to October 24, 1978 are also subject to preferential hiring rights granted by the Airline Deregulation Act to certain airline employees who have been furloughed or terminated (other than for cause). The Federal Communications Commission issues licenses and regulates the use of all communications frequencies assigned to us and other airlines. There is increased focus on consumer protection both on the federal and state level. We cannot always accurately predict the cost of such requirements on our operations. 
 Additional laws and regulations are proposed from time to time, which could significantly increase the cost of airline operations by imposing additional requirements or restrictions. U.S. law restricts the ownership of U.S. airlines to corporations where no more than 25 of the voting stock may be held by non-U.S. citizens and the airline must be under the actual control of U.S. citizens. The President and two-thirds of the Board of Directors and other managing officers must also be U.S. citizens. Regulations also have been considered from time to time that would prohibit or restrict the ownership and/or transfer of airline routes or takeoff and landing slots and authorizations. Also, the award of international routes to U.S. carriers (and their retention) is regulated by treaties and related agreements between the U.S. and foreign governments, which are amended from time to time. We cannot predict what laws and regulations will be adopted or what changes to international air transportation treaties will be adopted, if any, or how we will be affected by those changes. 
 Available Information 
 General information about us, including the charters for the committees of our Board of Directors, can be found at https://www.hawaiianairlines.com . Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K, as well as any amendments and exhibits to those reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are available for download, free of charge, on our website. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, which can be found at http://www.sec.gov . 
 We also use the investor relations section of our website https://newsroom.hawaiianairlines.com/investor-relations and our website https://www.hawaiianairlines.com as a means of disclosing material information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 
 Information on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or our other securities filings and is not a part of such filings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 
 Our business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those outside of our control, that could cause our actual results to be harmed, including risks regarding the following: 
 
 Business Risks 
 any material adverse impacts of the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance 
 future obligations and related impacts of such obligations with respect to our agreements with Amazon 
 
 Economic Risks 
 global economic and market volatility 
 our dependence on tourism to, from, and amongst the Hawaiian Islands 
 11 

Table of Contents , 

 our dependence on the price and availability of fuel 
 our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 credit market conditions 
 our debt, including covenants that restrict our financial and business operations 
 certain operating and other restrictions under our agreements with the U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury) 
 requirements for us to maintain reserves under our credit card processing agreements 
 
 Competitive Environment Risks 
 the extremely competitive environment in which we operate 
 the effect of inflation on our profitability 
 the effect of interest rate increases on the fair value of our fixed income investments 
 the concentration of our business 
 the competitive advantages held by network carriers in the North America market and our reliance on commercial relationships with other airlines to provide access to Domestic and International routes 
 the effect of increased capacity provided by our competitors on our North American and Neighbor Island routes 
 the effect of competition from domestic and foreign carriers on our International routes 
 
 Information Technology and Third-Party Risks 
 compliance with U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security and security standards imposed by our commercial partners 
 actual or perceived failure to protect customer or other personal or confidential information 
 our increasing dependence on technology and automated systems to operate our business 
 our reliance on third-party contractors to provide certain facilities and services 
 
 Labor Relations and Related Costs Risks 
 our dependence on satisfactory labor relations 
 our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and key executives 
 
 Strategy and Brand Risks 
 our ability to successfully implement our route and network strategy 
 damage to our reputation or brand image 
 adverse publicity 
 concentration of our cargo business with Amazon 
 our ability to realize the full benefits of our agreements with Amazon 
 
 Airline Industry, Regulation and Related Costs Risks 
 the substantial operating leverage of the airline industry and other conditions beyond its control 
 any inability to maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure at airports within the state of Hawai'i 
 substantial seasonal and cyclical volatility of our business 
 terrorist attacks or international hostilities, or the fear of terrorist attacks or hostilities 
 extensive government regulation, new regulations and taxes impacting the airline industry 
 climate change, including increased regulation and the impact of severe weather events 
 federal budget constraints 
 compliance with various environmental laws and regulations required of the airline industry 
 our expansion into non-U.S. jurisdictions and the related laws and regulations to which we are subject 
 litigation or regulatory action in the normal course of business or otherwise 
 changes in tax laws or regulations and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards 
 increases in our insurance costs or reductions in coverage 
 extended interruptions or disruptions in service 
 
 Fleet and Fleet-Related Risks 
 our dependence on a limited number of suppliers for aircraft, aircraft engines and parts 
 significant future financial commitments and operating costs related to our agreements to purchase Boeing 787-9 aircraft 
 12 

Table of Contents , 

 delays in scheduled aircraft deliveries or other loss of fleet capacity 
 any impairment and other related charges related to the value of our long-lived assets 
 
 Common Stock Risks 
 fluctuations in our share price 
 our inability to repurchase our common stock or pay dividends on our common stock under the terms of our federal payroll support program (PSP) agreements 
 future earnings and earnings per share impacts from fluctuations in the value of the Amazon warrants 
 dilution of existing stockholders and market price impacts related to the exercise of our outstanding warrants 
 limitations on voting and ownership by non-U.S. citizens in our certificate of incorporation and exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws 
 provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and our agreements with Amazon may delay or prevent a change of control 
 Amazon may become a significant stockholder 
 the publication of research about us by analysts 
 
 Securities Offerings Risks 
 the effect of our indebtedness and liabilities related to our debt offerings on the cash flow available for our operations and to satisfy our obligations related such debt 
 
 Restatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements Risks 
 challenges to developing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting so that we can accurately report our financial results in a timely manner 
 litigation over the restatement of our previously issued financial statements 
 
 BUSINESS RISKS 
 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance. We are unable to predict the extent to which the pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely affect our business operations, liquidity, financial performance, results of operations, financial position or the achievement of our strategic objectives. 
 
 Our operations and financial performance have been negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have experienced increases in demand for travel to and within the state of Hawai'i as COVID-19 infection rates and incidences of severe illness have declined, we cannot predict future developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic and responses thereto, including the emergence of new variants of the virus, periods of increased infection rates, vaccine mandates or recommendations related to travel to and within the state of Hawai'i. As such, the economic consequences of future developments of the COVID-19 pandemic are uncertain, may be rapidly changing and are difficult to predict. The pandemic s impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as its impact on our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and initiatives, remains uncertain. Further, the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited, to: governmental, business and individuals actions that have been and continue to be taken in response to the pandemic (including restrictions on and requirements related to travel, transport and our workforce). The COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our operations, financial performance and financial condition to a number of risks, including, but not limited to those discussed below: 
 
 Financial risks: In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced a significant decrease in demand for air travel and reduced load capacity on flights. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our revenue was about 2.6 billion, up approximately 1.0 billion compared to 2021, but down approximately 191.0 million, or 6.7 , compared to the pre-pandemic period in 2019. 
 
 Operations- and customer-related risks: Across our business and as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have faced operational challenges, including continued delay in the recovery of international travel. Although several operational challenges have lessened as governments have lifted or modified travel restrictions, vaccination rates have increased, and demand for air travel has recovered meaningfully on certain routes, we are unable to predict future events that may constrain the recovery of or demand for air travel as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Demand for travel has fluctuated based on current levels of COVID-19 or other infection, and may continue to do so. We expect levels of passenger traffic and revenue, as compared to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, to improve but remain depressed, particularly with respect to international markets due to delays in resumption of international travel. Additionally, we expect to incur additional costs if we continue to increase the number of flights offered as passenger traffic to the 
 13 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Islands increases, which we will incur before the anticipated additional revenue is earned. Our workforce has been and may continue to be significantly impacted by constrained labor markets, staffing shortages, and the continued spread and health impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could have a negative impact on our operations. We have implemented enhanced measures to protect the health and safety of our passengers and employees and may be required or determine to take additional safety measures to minimize the transmission of COVID-19 that may further impact our operations and results of operations. 
 
 Legal and regulatory risks: While we are endeavoring to take all reasonable precautions and have instituted numerous health and safety measures to protect our guests and our employees, there can be no assurance that guests will not be exposed to COVID-19 while traveling, or that our employees will not be exposed to COVID-19 while working. Should such exposure be determined to have been caused while traveling or working, notwithstanding the steps we take to protect our guests and employees, we may be subject to civil lawsuits or employee grievances that give rise to legal liability. While we ended our vaccine requirement as a condition of employment effective October 1, 2022, we continue to encourage various health and safety measures to protect our guests and our employees from the spread of COVID-19. Despite the removal of the vaccine requirement, we continue to be subject to civil lawsuits and employee grievances that may give rise to legal liability. While we carry employment practices liability insurance, we have become subject to claims related to reasonable accommodation requests, which have resulted and may continue to result in litigation. Furthermore, while the airline industry is committed to the safety of our guests and employees and has taken and will continue to take all necessary precautions, there can be no assurance that federal legislation or federal regulation will not be enacted or reinstated that increases our costs, our ongoing compliance burdens, and our exposure to claims of non-compliance. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or similar events may also affect our operating and financial results in ways that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not expect. The COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section, including, but not limited to, our dependence on leisure travel to Hawai'i, our competitiveness, demand for air travel generally and our services specifically, shifting consumer preferences and our substantial outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Our agreement with Amazon increases the role of cargo in our business model, which may have negative impacts on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Our business has historically focused on passenger flights. The ATSA with Amazon is anticipated to increase our cargo operations. Historically, our revenue from non-passenger operations, which includes cargo, accounted for approximately 11.6 , 14.1 , and 21.3 of total revenue during the years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Under the ATSA, cargo operations are expected to account for a larger portion of our revenue. Our cargo operations for Amazon may not generate the levels of revenue anticipated. We expect to incur additional costs in order to ramp up and prepare for increased cargo operations, including hiring crew, opening mainland bases and preparing to provide line maintenance for the Amazon fleet. Our pre-service efforts could be costly and be time-consuming and distracting to our management. Additionally, we will incur costs before we generate revenue from our cargo operations for Amazon, which may negatively impact our business and results of operations. Once we begin generating revenue from cargo operations for Amazon, some or all of that revenue will be offset against the value of Amazon s vested warrant shares due to our accounting policies. 
 
 ECONOMIC RISKS 
 
 Our business is affected by global economic volatility, including any future economic downturns. 
 
 Our business and results of operations are significantly impacted by general world-wide economic conditions, including any future economic downturns. Our business depends on the demand for travel to, from and within the Hawaiian Islands and such demand for discretionary air travel remains unpredictable. Further deterioration or instability in demand, including resulting from any reinstatement of COVID-19 related travel restrictions or recommendations, ongoing economic uncertainty or recession may result in sustained reduction in our passenger traffic and/or increased competitive pressure on fares in the markets we serve, which could continue to negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that we will be able to offset passenger revenue reductions with other revenue, by reducing our costs or by seeking financing arrangements or other programs or opportunities. We also may not have sufficient cash flows to support our debt obligations, on which more detail is provided in Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents , 

 Our business is highly dependent on tourism to, from, and amongst the Hawaiian Islands and our financial results have been impacted and may continue to be impacted by the current and any future downturn in tourism levels. 
 
 Our principal base of operations is in Hawai'i and our revenue is linked primarily to the number of travelers (mainly tourists) to, from and amongst the Hawaiian Islands. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and government mandates related to travel, we experienced a significant decline in the demand for travel to, from and amongst the Hawaiian Islands. The State of Hawai'i stopped imposing quarantine, testing and vaccination requirements at the end of the first quarter of 2022, but certain foreign government restrictions remained in effect for international travelers during 2022. We have and will continue to incur costs as we further increase our number of flights as passenger traffic to and within the Hawaiian Islands increases, which we incur before the anticipated additional revenue is earned. 
 
 Hawai'i tourism levels are generally affected by the economic and political climate impacting air travel and tourism markets generally, including the availability of hotel accommodations, the popularity of tourist destinations relative to other vacation destinations, and other global factors including health crises, natural disasters, safety, and security. While we have seen some increased tourism activity in the state of Hawai'i since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, we cannot predict if and when tourism levels will be sustained at levels seen prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly with respect to international markets. Additionally, from time to time, various events and industry-specific problems such as labor strikes have had a negative impact on tourism generally and in Hawai'i specifically. The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and tsunamis, in Hawai'i or other parts of the world, could also have an adverse effect or compound the existing adverse effect of the COVID-19 pandemic or economic downturn on tourism. In addition, the potential or actual occurrence of terrorist attacks, wars, and/or the threat of other negative world events have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on or compound the ongoing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on tourism. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the price and availability of fuel. 
 
 Our results and operations are heavily impacted by the price and availability of jet fuel. The cost of jet fuel remains high and the availability of jet fuel remains volatile. The cost and availability of jet fuel are subject to political, economic, and market factors that are generally outside of our control, including those related to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Prices may be affected by many factors including, without limitation, the impact of political instability, crude oil production and refining capacity, unexpected changes in the availability of petroleum products due to disruptions to distribution systems or refineries, unpredicted increases in demand due to weather or the pace of global economic growth, inventory reserve levels of crude oil and other petroleum products, the relative fluctuation between the U.S. dollar and other major currencies, government taxes and regulations that increase the price or reduce the availability of jet fuel, and the actions of speculators in commodity markets. Because of the effects of these factors on the price and availability of jet fuel, the cost and future availability of fuel cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty. Also, due to the competitive nature of the airline industry, there can be no assurance that we will be able to increase our fares or other fees to sufficiently offset any increase in fuel prices. 
 
 While we may enter into derivative agreements to protect against the volatility of fuel costs, there is no assurance that such agreements will protect us during unfavorable market conditions or that counterparties will be able to perform under these hedge arrangements. 
 
 See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , for further information regarding our exposure to the price of fuel. 
 
 Our business is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 
 Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, our business had been expanding internationally with an increasing percentage of our passenger revenue generated from our International routes. The fluctuation of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies can significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, the value of the Japanese Yen has experienced significant volatility versus the U.S. dollar recently. Any weakening of the Japanese Yen relative to the U.S. dollar causes our flights, and travel in general, from Japan to Hawai'i to become more expensive to customers in Japan, which could negatively impact our business. To manage the effects of fluctuating exchange rates, we periodically enter into foreign currency forward contracts and execute payment of expenditures in those locations in local currency. As of December 31, 2022, we have Japanese Yen denominated debt totaling 163.9 million. If our business continues to expand internationally, there is no assurance that these agreements will protect us against foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations during unfavorable market conditions or that our counterparties will be able to perform under these hedge arrangements. 
 
 See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , for further information regarding our exposure to foreign currency exchange rates. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents , 

 LIQUIDITY RISKS 
 
 Our financial liquidity could be adversely affected by credit market conditions. 
 
 Our business requires access to capital markets to finance equipment purchases, including aircraft, and to provide liquidity in seasonal or cyclical periods of weaker revenue generation. In particular, we will face specific funding requirements with respect to our obligation under purchase agreements with Boeing to acquire new aircraft. We may finance these upcoming aircraft deliveries; however, the unpredictability of global credit market conditions, particularly in light of the U.S. Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve) raising interest rates and taking extraordinary measures to avoid default, may adversely affect the availability of financing or may result in unfavorable terms and conditions. 
 
 Our current unencumbered aircraft can be financed to increase our liquidity, but such financings may be subject to unfavorable terms. In light of current market conditions, any such financings are likely to reflect loan-to-value ratios and interest rates and other terms and conditions less favorable than our recent aircraft financings. 
 
 Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will not face credit rating downgrades as a result of weaker than anticipated performance of our business or other factors, as demonstrated by our credit rating downgrades in 2020. Future downgrades could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. 
 
 We can offer no assurance that financing we may need in the future will be available when required or that the economic terms on which it is available will not adversely affect our financial condition. If we cannot obtain financing or we cannot obtain financing on commercially reasonable terms, our business and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our debt could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition, and include covenants that impose restrictions on our financial and business operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 1.5 billion in outstanding commercial debt, excluding funds borrowed under the federal Payroll Support Program. Our debt and related covenants could: 
 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our debt, our ability to borrow additional funds; 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to other less leveraged competitors and competitors with debt agreements on more favorable terms than us; and 
 adversely affect our ability to secure additional financing in the future on acceptable terms or at all, which would impact our ability to fund our working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate purpose needs. 
 
 These agreements require us to meet certain covenants. If we breach any of these covenants we could be in a default under these facilities, which could cause our outstanding obligations under these facilities to accelerate and become due and payable immediately, and could also cause us to default under our other debt or lease obligations and lead to an acceleration of the obligations related to such other debt or lease obligations. The existence of such a default could also preclude us from borrowing funds under other credit facilities. 
 
 Our ability to comply with the provisions of financing agreements can be affected by events beyond our control and a default under any such financing agreements if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us. In the event our debt is accelerated, we may not have sufficient liquidity to repay these obligations or to refinance our debt obligations, resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 We have entered into agreements with the Treasury pursuant to the CARES Act, the CAA 2021, and the ARP 2021 that have certain operating and other restrictions. 
 
 As a condition of receiving grants and loans under the Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement with the Treasury (PSP3 Agreement), we agreed to several restrictive requirements. Currently, we must limit executive compensation through April 1, 2023, which may restrict our ability to incentivize our executives, which may negatively affect our business operations. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents , 

 We are required to maintain reserves under our credit card processing agreements which could adversely affect our financial and business operations. 
 
 Under our bank-issued credit card processing agreements, certain proceeds from advance ticket sales may be held back to serve as collateral to cover any possible chargebacks or other disputed charges that may occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no holdbacks held by our credit card processors. 
 
 In the event of a material adverse change in our business, the holdback could incrementally increase to an amount up to 100 of the applicable credit card activity for all unflown flights, which would also cause an increase in the level of restricted cash. If we are unable to obtain a waiver, or otherwise mitigate the increase in restricted cash, it could adversely affect our liquidity and also cause a covenant violation under other debt or lease obligations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. 
 
 COMPETITIVE ENVIRONMENT RISKS 
 
 We operate in an extremely competitive environment. 
 
 The airline industry is characterized by low profit margins, high fixed costs, and significant price competition. We compete with other airlines on all of our Domestic and International routes. The commencement of, or increase in, service on our routes by existing or new carriers at aggressive prices has and could continue to negatively impact our operating results, including as demand for air travel rebuilds. Most of our competitors are much larger and have greater financial resources and brand recognition than we do. Moreover, competitors or potential competitors may merge or enter alliances that increase their financial resources and other strategic advantages. Aggressive marketing tactics or a prolonged fare competition initiated by one or more of these competitors could adversely affect our financial resources and our ability to compete in these markets. Additionally, our competitors have been and may continue to be more successful in navigating the challenges related to COVID-19, including having easier access to additional capital and more favorable lending terms, which could impact our ability to compete successfully in the future. Since airline markets have few natural barriers to entry, we also face the constant threat of new entrants in all of our markets. 
 
 Additional capacity to or within Hawai'i, whether from network carriers or low-cost carriers, could decrease our share of the markets in which we operate, could cause a decline in our yields, or both, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases and may contribute to a recession. 
 
 In 2022, inflation increased throughout the U.S. economy to levels not seen in decades. Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of labor, fuel and other costs as well as by reducing demand for air travel. In an inflationary environment, depending on airline industry and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. We have experienced, and continue to experience, increases in the prices of labor, fuel and other costs of providing service. Continued inflationary pressures could impact our profitability. 
 
 In response to inflation, the Federal Reserve has increased interest rates in an effort to reduce inflationary pressures. The Federal Reserve's actions increase the risk of a recession in which demand for air travel is reduced, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Interest rate increases may adversely affect the fair value of our investments. 
 
 The Federal Reserve's interest rate increases have reduced and could continue to reduce, the fair value of our investments. Reductions in the fair value of our investments could have a negative impact on our earnings and liquidity. 
 17 

Table of Contents , 

The concentration of our business within Hawai ' i, and between Hawai ' i and the U.S. mainland, provides little diversification of our revenue. 
 During 2022, approximately 89 of our passenger revenue was generated from our Domestic routes. Most of our competitors, particularly major network carriers with whom we compete on North American and Neighbor Island routes, enjoy greater geographical diversification of their passenger revenue. As Domestic routes account for a significantly higher proportion of our revenue than they do for most of our competitors, a proportionately higher decline in demand for our domestic routes is likely to have a relatively greater adverse effect on our financial results than on those of our competitors. Sustained reduction in demand on our Domestic routes and continued industry capacity of major network carriers on routes to, from and within Hawai'i could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our business is affected by the competitive advantages held by network carriers in the North America market. 
 During 2022, approximately 73 of our passenger revenue was generated from our North America routes. The majority of competition on our North America routes is from network carriers such as Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Southwest Airlines, and United Airlines, all of whom have a number of competitive advantages. Primarily, network carriers generate passenger traffic from and throughout the U.S. mainland, which enables them to attract higher customer traffic levels as compared to us. 
 In contrast, we lack a comparable direct network to feed passengers to our North America flights and are therefore more reliant on passenger demand in the specific cities we serve. We also rely on our code-share partner agreements (e.g. with JetBlue) to provide customers access to and from North American destinations currently unserved by us. Most network carriers operate from hubs, which can provide a built-in market of passengers depending on the economic strength of the hub city and the size of the customer group that frequents the airline. Our Honolulu and Maui hubs do not originate a large proportion of North American travel, nor do they have the population or potential customer franchise of a larger city to provide us with a significant built-in market. Passengers in the North American market, for the most part, do not originate in Honolulu, but on the U.S. mainland, making Honolulu primarily a destination rather than an origin of passenger traffic. 
 Our North America and Neighbor Island routes are affected by increased capacity provided by our competitors. 
 During 2022, approximately 89 of our passenger revenue was generated from our North America and Neighbor Island routes. Prior to, and during the COVID-19 pandemic, certain of our competitors increased capacity to and within Hawai'i by introducing new routes and increasing the frequency of existing routes from North America to Hawai'i and by the introduction of additional flights within the neighbor islands. We are unable to predict competitor capacity related to air travel to Hawai'i or between the neighbor islands. Any increased competitor capacity that decreases our share of traffic to Hawai'i or between the neighbor islands could ultimately have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our International routes are affected by competition from domestic and foreign carriers. 
 During 2022, approximately 11 of our passenger revenue was generated from our International routes. When our operations are not constrained by restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, our competitors on these routes include both domestic and foreign carriers. Both domestic and foreign competitors have a number of competitive advantages that may enable them to attract higher customer traffic levels as compared to us. 
 Many of our domestic competitors are members of airline alliances, which provide customers access to each participating airline's international network, allowing for convenience and connectivity to their destinations. These alliances formed by our domestic competitors have increased in recent years. In some instances, our domestic competitors have been granted antitrust exemptions to form joint venture arrangements in certain geographies, further deepening their cooperation on certain routes. To mitigate this risk, we rely on code-share agreements with partner airlines to provide customers access to international destinations currently unserved by us. 
 Many of our foreign competitors are network carriers that benefit from network feed to support international routes on which we compete. In contrast, we lack a comparable direct network to feed passengers to our international flights, and are therefore more reliant on passenger demand in the specific destinations that we serve. Most network carriers operate from hubs, which can provide a built-in home base market of passengers. Passengers on our International routes, for the most part, do not originate in Hawai'i, but rather internationally, in these foreign carriers' home bases. We also rely on our code-share agreements and our relationships with travel agencies and wholesale distributors to provide customers access to and from International destinations currently unserved by us. 
 18 

Table of Contents , 

 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND THIRD-PARTY RISKS 
 If we do not maintain the privacy and security of personal information or other information relating to our customers or others, or fail to comply with applicable U.S. and foreign privacy, data protection, or data security laws or security standards imposed by our commercial partners, our reputation could be damaged, we could incur substantial additional costs, and we could become subject to litigation or regulatory penalties. 
 We receive, retain, transmit and otherwise process personal information and other information about our customers and other individuals, including our employees and contractors, and we are subject to increasing legislative, regulatory and customer focus on privacy, data protection, and data security both domestically and internationally. Numerous laws and regulations in the U.S. and in various other jurisdictions in which we operate relate to privacy, data protection, and security, including laws and regulations regarding the collection, processing, storage, sharing, disclosure, use and security of personal information and other data from and about our customers and other individuals. For example, in the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became effective in 2018. The United Kingdom has adopted legislation that substantially implements the GDPR. Additionally, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), effective as of January 1, 2020. Moreover, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), was approved by California voters in November 2020. The CPRA significantly modifies the CCPA and became effective in most material respects on January 1, 2023. Other states, including Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, have enacted similar legislation. The GDPR and CCPA, and new and evolving laws such as the CPRA, and changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security may require us to modify our practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of data. In particular, the GDPR provides for significant penalties in the case of non-compliance of up to 20 million or four percent of worldwide annual revenues, whichever is greater. The United Kingdom legislation implementing the GDPR provides for a similar penalty structure. The GDPR, CCPA, CPRA and other existing and proposed laws and regulations can be costly to comply with and can delay or impede our processing of data, result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs and subject us to claims or other remedies. The scope of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection, and security is changing, subject to differing interpretations, may be costly to comply with, and may be inconsistent among countries and jurisdictions or conflict with other obligations of ours. 
 A number of our commercial partners, including payment card companies, have imposed data security standards or other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or data security upon us. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, and contractual and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and data security. However, these legal, contractual, and other actual and asserted obligations may be interpreted and applied in new ways and/or in manners that are inconsistent, and may conflict with other obligations or our practices. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws or regulations, our privacy or data protection policies, or other actual or asserted privacy-, data protection-, or information security-related obligations to customers, or other third parties, or any actual or perceived compromise of security resulting in the unauthorized disclosure, transfer, loss, unavailability, use, or other processing of personal or other information, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, governmental or private litigation, other liability, our loss of the ability to process payment card transactions, or us becoming subject to higher costs for such transactions, or public statements critical of us by consumer advocacy groups, competitors, the media or others that could cause our current or prospective customers to lose trust in us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Additionally, if third-party business partners that we work with, such as vendors, violate or are alleged to violate applicable laws, applicable policies or other privacy-, data protection-, or security-related obligations, such violations may also put our customers' or others' information at risk and could in turn have an adverse effect on our business. Governmental agencies may also request or take customer data for national security or informational purposes, and also can make data requests in connection with criminal or civil investigations or other matters, which could harm our reputation and our business. 
 We will continue our efforts to comply with new and increasing privacy, data protection, and information security obligations; however, it is possible that such obligations may require us to expend additional resources, and may be difficult or impossible for us to meet. Any actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable U.S. or foreign privacy, data protection, or data security laws or regulations, any privacy or security standards imposed by our commercial partners, or any other actual or asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security, may result in claims, regulatory investigations and proceedings, private litigation and proceedings, and other liability, all of which may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our actual or perceived failure to protect customer information or other personal information or confidential information could result in harm to our business. 
 
 Our business and operations involve the storage, transmission and processing of information about our customers, our employees and contractors, our business partners, and others, as well as our own confidential information. We have been and 
 19 

Table of Contents , 

 may again become the target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to any of these types of information or to disrupt our business or operations. Ransomware and other malware, business e-mail, compromises, fraudulent sales of frequent flier miles, and general hacking have become more prevalent in our industry. While we have taken steps to protect customer information and other confidential information to which we have access, there can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. We and our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate attempted security breaches and to implement adequate preventative measures, and our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could be breached or otherwise compromised, we could suffer data loss, corruption, or unavailability, unauthorized access to or use of the systems or networks used in our business and operations, and unauthorized, accidental, or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, unavailability, destruction, or other unauthorized processing of our or our customers' information. We may also experience security breaches or other incidents that may remain undetected for an extended period. Further, third parties may also conduct attacks designed to disrupt or deny access to the systems and networks used in our business and operations. 
 
 Actual or perceived security breaches or other security incidents could result in unauthorized use of or access to systems and networks, unauthorized, accidental, or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, unavailability or destruction of, our or our customers' information, and may lead to litigation, claims, indemnity obligations, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, severe reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence and causing damage to our brand, indemnity obligations, disruption to our operations, damages for contract breach, and other liability, and may adversely affect our revenues and operating results. Additionally, our service providers may suffer security breaches or other incidents that may result in unauthorized access or otherwise compromise data stored or processed for us that may give rise to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Any such actual or perceived security breach or other incident may lead to the expenditure of significant financial and other resources in efforts to investigate or correct a breach or other incident, address and eliminate vulnerabilities, and to prevent future security breaches or incidents, as well as significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach, costs in connection with payment card brand fines, and other liabilities. Certain breaches affecting payment card information or the environment in which such information is processed may also result in a loss of our ability to process payment cards or increased costs associated with doing so. We have incurred and expect to incur ongoing expenditures in an effort to prevent information security breaches and other security incidents. 
 
 We cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for information security liabilities actually incurred or to cover any indemnification claims against us relating to any incident. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, operating results, and reputation. 
 We are increasingly dependent on technology and automated systems to operate our business. 
 We depend heavily on technology and automated systems to effectively operate our business. These systems include flight operations systems, communications systems, airport systems, reservations systems, management and accounting systems, commercial websites, including www.hawaiianairlines.com, and other IT systems, many of which must be able to accommodate high traffic volumes, maintain secure information and provide accurate flight information, as well as process critical financial transactions. Any substantial, extended, or repeated failures of these systems could negatively affect our customer service, compromise the security of customer information or other information stored on, transmitted by, or otherwise processed by these systems, result in the loss of or damage to important data, loss of revenue and increased costs, and generally harm our business. Additionally, loss of key talent required to maintain and advance these systems could have a material impact on our operations. Like other companies, our systems may be vulnerable to disruptions due to events beyond our control, including natural disasters, power disruptions, software or equipment failures, terrorist attacks, cybersecurity incursions, computer viruses and hackers. There can be no assurance that the measures we have taken to reduce the adverse effects of certain potential failures or disruptions are adequate to prevent or remedy disruptions of our systems or prevent or mitigate all attacks. In addition, we will need to continuously make significant investments in technology to periodically upgrade and replace existing systems. If we are unable to make these investments or fail to successfully implement, upgrade or replace our systems, including our transition to the Amadeus Alt a Passenger Service System in April 2023, our business could be adversely impacted. We do not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to our business, results of operations and financial condition that may result from system interruptions or system failures. 
 20 

Table of Contents , 

 We are highly reliant on third-party contractors to provide certain facilities and services for our operations, and termination of our third-party agreements could have a potentially adverse effect on our financial results. 
 There are a limited number of qualified employees and personnel in the airline and information technology industry, especially within the Hawai'i market. Due to these limitations, we have historically relied on outside vendors for a variety of services and functions critical to our business, including aircraft maintenance and parts, code-sharing, reservations, computer services including hosting and software maintenance, accounting, frequent flyer programs, passenger processing, ground facilities, baggage and cargo handling, personnel training, and the distribution and sale of airline seats. Our reliance on outside vendors may continue to increase in the future. 
 The failure of any of our third-party service providers to adequately perform their service obligations, or other interruptions of services are likely to reduce our revenues, increase expenses, and/or prevent us from operating our flights and providing other services to our customers. Additionally, our business and financial performance would be materially harmed if our customers believe that our services are unreliable or unsatisfactory. 
 LABOR RELATIONS AND RELATED COSTS RISKS 
 We are dependent on satisfactory labor relations. 
 Labor costs are a significant component of airline expenses and can substantially impact an airline s results of operations. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions. We have entered into collective bargaining agreements with our pilots, mechanical group employees, clerical group employees, flight attendants, and dispatchers. We cannot ensure that future agreements with our employees' labor unions will be on terms in line with our expectations or comparable to agreements entered into by our competitors, and any future agreements may increase our labor costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. We may make strategic and operational decisions that may require the consent of one or more of these labor unions, and these labor unions could demand additional wages, benefits or other consideration in return for their consent. 
 
 In addition, on June 30, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court denied review of the Ninth Circuit s ruling in Bernstein v. Virgin America, Inc. , which held that federal law did not preempt the California state meal-and-rest-break regulations for covered flight attendants. The Bernstein decision may make our compliance with labor law more complex because of uncertainty about the applicable standard when federal, state and local labor, and other laws, conflict. Application of state and local laws to our operations may conflict with federal laws, or with the laws of other states and local governments, and may subject us to additional requirements and restrictions, which might affect our relationship with our workforce and cause our expenses to increase. Application of conflicting laws may result in operational disruption or have negative effects on our collective bargaining agreements, and any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or local labor laws may lead to litigation. 
 
 Our operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel and key executives. 
 
 We believe that our future success is dependent on the knowledge and expertise of our key executives and highly qualified management, technical, and other personnel. Attracting and retaining such personnel in the airline industry is highly competitive. We cannot be certain that we will be able to retain our key executives or attract other qualified personnel in the future, including in light of the restrictions on executive compensation imposed on us under the PSP and subsequent extensions thereof. Any inability to retain our key executives, or other senior technical personnel, or attract and retain additional qualified executives, could have a negative impact on our operations. 
 
 In addition, as we rebuild our operations as passenger demand recovers, and expand our operations through the acquisition of new aircraft and introduction of service to new markets, it may be challenging to attract a sufficient number of qualified personnel including pilots, mechanics and other skilled labor. As we compete with other carriers for qualified personnel, we also face the challenge of attracting individuals who embrace our team-oriented, friendly and customer-driven corporate culture. Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel who embrace our corporate culture could have a negative impact on our reputation and overall operations. 
 
 STRATEGY AND BRAND RISKS 
 Our failure to successfully implement our route and network strategy could harm our business. 
 21 

Table of Contents , 

 Our route and network strategy (how we determine to deploy our fleet) includes initiatives to increase revenue, decrease costs, mature our network, and improve distribution of our sales channels. It is critical that we execute upon our planned strategy in order for our business to attain economies of scale and to sustain or improve our results of operations. If we are unable to utilize and fill increased capacity provided by additional aircraft entering our fleet, hire and retain skilled personnel, or secure the required equipment and facilities in a cost-effective manner, we may be unable to successfully develop and grow our new and existing markets, which may adversely affect our business and operations. 
 We continue to strive toward aggressive cost-containment goals which are an important part of our business strategy to offer the best value to passengers through competitive fares while maintaining acceptable profit margins and return on capital. We believe a lower cost structure will better position us to fund our strategy and take advantage of market opportunities. If we are unable to adequately contain our non-fuel unit costs, our financial results may suffer. 
 Any damage to our reputation or brand image could adversely affect our business or financial results. 
 
 Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to our business. Our reputation or brand image could be adversely impacted by, among other things, any failure to maintain our safety record, our high ethical, social and environmental sustainability practices for all of our operations and activities, our impact on the environment, public pressure from investors or policy groups to change our policies, such as initiatives to address climate change, customer perceptions of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements or marketing programs, or customer perceptions of statements made by us, our employees and executives, agents or other third parties. Damage to our reputation or brand image or loss of customer confidence in our services could adversely affect our business and financial results, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 
 We also increasingly use social media to communicate news and events. The inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain platforms or outlets could damage our brand image and reputation, and could lead to a loss of goodwill with our customers and stakeholders. Inappropriate or unauthorized use of social media could have legal implications if, for example, employees improperly collect or disseminate personally identifiable information of employees, customers or other stakeholders. Further, disclosure of our non-public information by our employees or others, whether intentional or unintentional, through social media could lead to information loss. 
 Our reputation and financial results could be harmed in the event of adverse publicity, such as in the event of an aircraft accident or incident, or if we are unable to achieve certain sustainability goals. 
 Our customer base is broad and our business activities have significant prominence, particularly in Hawai'i and other destinations we serve. Consequently, negative publicity, including on social media, resulting from real or perceived shortcomings in our customer service, employee relations, business conduct, third-party aircraft components or other events or circumstances affecting our operations could negatively affect the public image of our company and the willingness of customers to purchase services from us, which could affect our financial results. 
 Additionally, we are exposed to potential losses that may be incurred in the event of an aircraft accident or incident. Any such accident or incident involving our aircraft or an aircraft operated by one of our code-share partners could involve not only the repair or replacement of a damaged aircraft or aircraft parts, and its consequential temporary or permanent loss of revenue, but also significant claims of injured passengers and others. We are required by the DOT to carry liability insurance, and although we currently maintain liability insurance in amounts consistent with the industry, we cannot be assured that our insurance coverage will adequately cover us from all claims and we may be forced to bear substantial losses incurred with an accident. In addition, any aircraft accident or incident could cause a public perception that we are less safe or reliable than other airlines, which would harm our business. 
 The airline industry is also subject to increasing scrutiny for its greenhouse gas emissions and impact on the environment. We are investing and intend to continue to invest towards achieving our environmental goals. While we are working to achieve our environmental goals, our sustainability plans and our ability to execute those sustainability plans are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties, including ongoing support from governments and other third-parties, the need for significant capital investment, and research and development as well as commercialization of new technologies. There can be no guarantee that we can achieve any or all of our environmental goals, and our brand, reputation and financial results may be harmed as a result of our inability to achieve such goals. 
 
 Our cargo business will be concentrated with Amazon, and any decrease in volumes or increase in costs, or a termination of our commercial agreement with Amazon, could have a significant impact on our business, operations, financial condition and brand. 
 22 

Table of Contents , 

We expect that a significant portion of our cargo revenue will consist of air cargo transportation services provided to Amazon under the ATSA. The ATSA does not require a minimum amount of volume or revenue and Amazon is permitted to decrease volume at any time. Our cargo business would not achieve its expected financial benefits if Amazon s use of our cargo services does not reach forecasted levels for any reason, including due to general economic conditions or preferences of Amazon and its customers. Such a shortcoming could significantly impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, the profitability of the ATSA is dependent on our ability to manage and accurately predict costs. Our projections of operating costs, crew productivity and maintenance expenses contain assumptions, including as to flight hours, aircraft reliability, crewmember productivity, compensation and benefits expense, and maintenance costs. If actual costs are higher than projected or aircraft reliability is less than expected, or aircraft become damaged and are out of revenue service for repair, the profitability of the ATSA and future operating results may be negatively impacted. We also rely on flight crews that are unionized. If collective bargaining agreements increase our costs and we cannot recover such increases, our operating results would be negatively impacted. 
 
 Performance under the ATSA is subject to a number of challenges and uncertainties, such as: unforeseen maintenance and other costs; our ability to hire pilots and other personnel necessary to support our services; interruptions in the operations under the ATSA as a result of unexpected or unforeseen events, whether as a result of factors within our control or outside of our control; and the level of operations and results of operations, including margins, under the ATSA being less than our current expectations and projections. The ATSA also contains monthly incentive payments for reaching specific on-time arrival performance thresholds, as well as providing for monetary penalties for on-time arrival performance below certain thresholds. As a result, our operating revenues may vary from period to period depending on the achievement of monthly incentives or the imposition of penalties. Further, we could be found in default if we do not maintain certain minimum reliability thresholds over an extended period of time. If we are placed in default due to the failure to maintain reliability thresholds, Amazon may elect to terminate all or part of the services we provide and pursue rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity. The ATSA is also subject to two extension options, which Amazon may choose not to exercise. To the extent that our volume of flying for Amazon is less than we anticipate or costs associated with our cargo business are higher than we forecast, or if the ATSA is terminated for any reason, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be significantly and adversely affected. 
 
 Our agreements with Amazon confer certain termination rights which, if exercised or triggered, may result in our inability to realize the full benefits of the agreements. 
 
 Our agreements with Amazon give Amazon the option to terminate in certain circumstances and upon the occurrence of certain events of default, including a change of control of Hawaiian or our failure to meet certain performance requirements. In particular, Amazon will have the right to terminate the agreement without cause after March 31, 2027, upon providing us prior written notice of termination and paying an early termination fee. 
 
 Upon termination, Amazon will generally, subject to certain exceptions, retain the warrants that have vested prior to the time of termination and, depending on the circumstances giving rise to the termination, may have the right to accelerated vesting of the remaining warrants upon a change of control of our company. Upon termination, Amazon or we may also have the right to receive a termination fee from the other party depending on the circumstances giving rise to the right of termination. 
 
 An exercise by Amazon of any of these termination rights could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 AIRLINE INDUSTRY, REGULATION AND RELATED COSTS RISKS 
 The airline industry has substantial operating leverage and is affected by many conditions that are beyond its control, which could harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Due to the substantial fixed costs associated with operating an airline, there is a disproportionate relationship between the cost of operating each flight and the number of passengers carried. However, the revenue generated from a particular flight is directly related to the number of passengers carried and the respective average fares applied. Accordingly, a decrease in the number of passengers carried, and when applicable, the aggregate effect of decreasing flights scheduled, causes a corresponding decrease in revenue that is likely to result in a disproportionately greater decrease in profits. Therefore, the reduction in airline passenger traffic as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and any future reductions as a result of the following or other factors, which are largely outside of our control, will likely harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations: 
 decline in general economic conditions; 
 threat of terrorist attacks and conflicts overseas; 
 actual or threatened war and political instability; 
 23 

Table of Contents , 

 increased security measures or breaches in security; 
 adverse weather and natural disasters; 
 changes in consumer preferences, perceptions, or spending patterns; 
 increased costs related to security and safety measures; 
 increased fares as a result of increases in fuel costs; 
 outbreaks of contagious diseases or fear of contagion; and 
 congestion or major construction at airports and actual or potential disruptions in the air traffic control system. 
 Our results of operations are and may continue to be volatile due to the conditions identified above. We cannot ensure that our financial resources will be sufficient to absorb the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or any unexpected events, including those identified above. 
 Our operations may be disrupted if we are unable to obtain and maintain adequate facilities and infrastructure at airports within the state of Hawai ' i. 
 We must be able to maintain and/or obtain adequate gates, maintenance capacity, office space, operations areas, and ticketing facilities, especially at airports within the state of Hawai'i, to be able to operate our existing and proposed flight schedules. Failure to maintain such facilities and infrastructure may adversely impact our operations and financial performance. 
 Our business is subject to substantial seasonal and cyclical volatility. 
 Our results of operations reflect the impact of seasonal volatility primarily due to passenger leisure and holiday travel patterns. Because of fluctuations in our results from seasonality, operating results for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period and operating results for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. Moreover, due to the widespread impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the demand for air travel generally and travel to and within Hawai'i specifically, we have seen significant declines in demand for air travel in 2020, 2021 and 2022 as compared to the years before the COVID-19 pandemic. As Hawai'i is a popular vacation destination, demand from North America, our largest source of visitors, is typically stronger during the months of June, July, August and December and considerably weaker at other times of the year. Because of fluctuations in our results from seasonality, operating results for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period and operating results for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. 
 
 Our cargo operations are also subject to seasonal volatility. Global trade flows are typically seasonal in nature, with peak activity during the retail holiday season. Demand for air cargo capacity is historically low following the seasonal holiday peak in the fourth quarter of the previous year. While we expect our revenues to fluctuate seasonally, a significant proportion of the costs associated with our cargo business, such as crew salaries and benefits, facilities and overhead costs, cannot easily be reduced to match the seasonal drop in demand. 
 
 Because of fluctuations in our results from seasonality, operating results for a historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period and operating results for an interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year. 
 Terrorist attacks or international hostilities, or the fear of terrorist attacks or hostilities, even if not made directly on the airline industry, could negatively affect us and the airline industry. 
 Terrorist attacks, even if not made directly on the airline industry, or the fear of such attacks, hostilities or acts of war, could adversely affect the airline industry, including us, and could result in a significant decrease in demand for air travel, increased security costs, increased insurance costs covering war-related risks, and increased flight operational loss due to cancellations and delays. Any future terrorist attacks or the implementation of additional security-related fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and on the airline industry in general. 
 The airline industry is subject to extensive government regulation, new regulations, and taxes which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Airlines are subject to extensive regulatory requirements that result in significant costs. New, and modifications to existing, laws, regulations, taxes and airport rates, and charges imposed by domestic and foreign governments have been proposed from 
 24 

Table of Contents , 

 time to time that could significantly increase the cost of airline operations, restrict operations or reduce revenue. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) from time to time issues directives and other regulations relating to the maintenance and operation of aircraft that require significant expenditures. Some FAA requirements cover, among other things, retirement of older aircraft, security measures, aircraft landing safety measures, including with respect to the interaction of aircraft systems with new technologies such as 5G C-band service, collision avoidance systems, airborne windshear avoidance systems, noise abatement and other environmental concerns, commuter aircraft safety and increased inspections, and maintenance procedures to be conducted on older aircraft. A failure to be in compliance, or a modification, suspension or revocation of any of our DOT/FAA authorizations or certificates, would have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 We cannot predict the impact that laws or regulations may have on our operations, nor can we ensure that laws or regulations enacted in the future will not adversely affect our business. Further, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain necessary governmental approvals. Once obtained, operating permits are subject to modification and revocation by the issuing agencies. Compliance with these and any future regulatory requirements could require us to incur significant capital and operating expenditures. 
 In addition to extensive government regulations, the airline industry is dependent on certain services provided by government agencies (DOT, FAA, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and the TSA). Furthermore, because of significantly higher security and other costs incurred by airports since September 11, 2001, many airports have significantly increased their rates and charges to airlines, including us, and may continue to do so in the future. In addition to passenger security requirements, the TSA has adopted comprehensive regulations governing air cargo transportation, covering things like cargo screening and security clearances for people with access to cargo. Additional measures have been proposed, which, if adopted, may have an adverse impact on our ability to efficiently process cargo and could increase our costs. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of our CO 2 emissions and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. 
 
 There is increasing global regulatory focus on climate change and emissions of greenhouse gases, including CO 2 . In particular, ICAO is in the process of adopting rules, including the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA), of which the U.S. federal government has opted to participate in the voluntary phases from 2021-2026. As part of the CORSIA program, we are currently monitoring our international emissions for reporting purposes, and such data will be used in calculations to determine subsequent carbon offsetting requirements under the CORSIA program. At this time, we cannot predict the costs of complying with any future obligations under the CORSIA program. Regardless of the method of regulation or application of CORSIA, further policy changes with regard to climate change are possible, which could increase operating costs in the airline industry and, as a result, adversely affect our operations. 
 
 In the event that CORSIA does not come into force as expected, we and other airlines could become subject to an unpredictable and inconsistent array of national or regional emissions restrictions, creating a patchwork of complex regulatory requirements that may affect global competitors differently. Concerns over climate change may result in the adoption of municipal, state, regional, and federal requirements or in changing business environments that may result in increased costs to the airline industry and us. In addition, several countries and U.S. states have adopted or are considering adopting programs to regulate greenhouse gas emissions. On January 20, 2021, the United States rejoined the Paris Climate Accord and the current Presidential administration has made climate change mitigation an important policy priority. For example, on September 9, 2021, the current Presidential administration launched the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Grand Challenger to scale up the production of sustainable aviation fuel, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from aviation by 20 by 2030. Additionally, the EPA pressed for ambitious new aircraft greenhouse gas emission standards at international negotiations organized by ICAO in 2022. The current Presidential administration may adopt additional regulatory changes that could impact the airline industry and our business. Moreover, certain airports have adopted, and others could in the future adopt, greenhouse gas emission or climate-neutral goals that could impact our operations or require us to make changes or additional investments in our infrastructure. 
 
 All such climate change-related regulatory activity and developments may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to reduce our emissions, make capital investments to modernize aspects of our operations, purchase carbon offset credits, or otherwise pay for our emissions. Such activity may also impact us indirectly by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. We may not be able to increase revenue in proportion with such additional costs. 
 
 We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We could also experience significant operational disruption and increased costs as a result of increases in the frequency, severity and duration of severe weather events caused by climate change. Such severe weather events may increase the incidence of delays and cancellations, increase turbulence-related injuries, impact fuel consumption to avoid weather, require repositioning of aircraft to avoid damage or accommodate changed flights, or reduce 
 25 

Table of Contents , 

 demand for travel. We are not able to accurately predict the materiality of any potential losses or costs associated with the physical effects of climate change. 
 
 Federal budget constraints may adversely affect our industry, business, results of operations and financial position. 
 Many of our airline operations are regulated by governmental agencies, including the FAA, the DOT, the CBP, the TSA, and others. If the federal government were to experience issues in reaching budgetary consensus in the future resulting in mandatory furloughs and/or other budget constraints, our business and results of operations could be materially negatively impacted, including as a result of actual or potential disruption in the air traffic control system, actual or perceived delays at various airports, and delays in deliveries of new aircraft, which may materially adversely impact our industry, our business, results of operations and financial positions. 
 The airline industry is required to comply with various environmental laws and regulations, which could inhibit our ability to operate and could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Many aspects of airlines' operations are subject to increasingly stringent federal, state, local, and foreign laws protecting the environment. U.S. federal laws that have a particular impact on us include the Airport Noise and Capacity Act of 1990, the Clean Air Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Water Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response Act and the Compensation and Liability Act. Compliance with these and other environmental laws and regulations can require significant expenditures, and violations can lead to significant fines and penalties. Governments globally are increasingly focusing on the environmental impact caused by the consumption of fossil fuels and as a result have proposed or enacted legislation which may increase the cost of providing airline service or restrict its provision. We expect the focus on environmental matters to increase. 
 Concern about climate change and greenhouse gases may result in additional regulation of aircraft emissions in the U.S. and abroad. In addition, other legislative or regulatory action to regulate greenhouse gas emissions is possible. At this time, we cannot predict whether any such legislation or regulation would apportion costs between one or more jurisdictions in which we operate flights. We are monitoring and evaluating the potential impact of such legislative and regulatory developments. In addition to direct costs, such regulation may have a greater effect on the airline industry through increases in fuel costs. The impact to us and our industry from such actions is likely to be adverse and could be significant, particularly if regulators were to conclude that emissions from commercial aircraft cause significant harm to the atmosphere or have a greater impact on climate change than other industries. 
 Our operations may be adversely affected by our expansion into non-U.S. jurisdictions and the related laws and regulations to which we are subject. 
 The expansion of our operations into non-U.S. jurisdictions has expanded the scope of the laws and regulations to which we are subject, both domestically and internationally. Compliance with the laws and regulations of foreign jurisdictions and the restrictions on operations that these laws, regulations or other government actions may impose could significantly increase the cost of airline operations or reduce revenue. For example, various jurisdictions have imposed or are currently imposing restrictions that impede or restrict travel in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and certain of our destinations in Asia have been revising their privacy and consumer laws and regulations. Limitations placed on our business as a result of these or other laws and regulations or failure to comply with evolving laws or regulations could result in significant penalties, criminal charges, costs to defend ourselves in a foreign jurisdiction, restrictions on operations and reputational damage. In addition, we operate flights on international routes regulated by treaties and related agreements between the U.S. and foreign governments, which are subject to change as they may be amended from time to time. Modifications of these arrangements could result in an inability to obtain or retain take-off or landing slots for our routes, route authorization and necessary facilities. Any limitations, additions or modifications to government treaties, agreements, regulations, laws or policies related to our International routes could have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 We may be party to litigation or regulatory action in the normal course of business or otherwise, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. 
 From time to time, we are a party to or otherwise involved in legal or regulatory proceedings, claims, government inspections, investigations or other legal matters, both domestically and in foreign jurisdictions, including proceedings related to the COVID-19 pandemic. For example, due to cancelled or rescheduled flights in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic and other events, several U.S. airlines, including us, have been subject to class action complaints citing violation of state consumer statutes for allegedly failing or refusing to refund passenger tickets on cancelled flights. We believe we have meritorious defenses and intend to vigorously contest such claims. Resolving or defending legal matters, however, can take months or 
 26 

Table of Contents , 

 years. The duration of such matters can be unpredictable with many variables that we do not control including adverse party or government responses. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to significant uncertainty and may be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to our operations. In addition, an adverse resolution of a lawsuit, regulatory matter, investigation or other proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We may be required to change or restrict our operations or be subject to injunctive relief, significant compensatory damages, punitive damages, penalties, fines or disgorgement of profits, none of which may be covered by insurance. We may have to pay out settlements that also may not be covered by insurance. There can be no assurance that any of these payments or actions will not be material. In addition, publicity of ongoing legal and regulatory matters may adversely affect our reputation. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial conditions. 
 
 The rules dealing with U.S. federal, state and local income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the Internal Revenue Service, the Treasury and state and local tax authorities. Changes in U.S. tax laws or their interpretations (which may have retroactive application) could materially increase the amount of taxes we owe, thereby negatively impacting our results of operations as well as our cash flows from operations. For example, the U.S. recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which, among other changes, implements a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks and a 15 alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income of certain companies. Furthermore, our implementation of new practices and processes designed to comply with changing tax laws and regulations could require us to make substantial changes to our business practices, allocate additional resources, and increase our costs, potentially adversely impacting our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 As we continue to grow internationally, we may also be subject to taxation in jurisdictions around the world with increasingly complex tax laws, the application of which may be uncertain. The amount of taxes we pay in these jurisdictions could increase substantially as a result of changes in the applicable tax principles, including increased tax rates, new tax laws or revised interpretations of existing tax laws and precedents, potentially adversely affecting our liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the authorities in these jurisdictions could review our tax returns and impose additional tax, interest and penalties, and the relevant authorities could claim that various withholding requirements apply to us or assert that benefits of tax treaties are not available to us or our subsidiaries, any of which could adversely impact us and our results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) available to reduce future taxable income of approximately 236.0 million for federal income tax purposes that have indefinite carryover and approximately 708.0 million for state income tax purposes that will expire, if unused, beginning in 2024. The majority of our state NOLs relate to the state of Hawai'i, most of which have indefinite carryover, but are limited to 80 utilization. 
 
 Our ability to use our NOLs will depend on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. If our financial results continue to be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, there can be no assurance that an increase in the valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets will not be required in the future. Such valuation allowance could be material. Additionally, due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and other economic factors, the NOLs may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to use them. 
 
 Under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an "ownership change," the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOLs to offset its post-change income may be limited. In general, an "ownership change" will occur if there is a cumulative change in our ownership by "5-percent shareholders" that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. Our ability to use NOLs to reduce future taxable income and liabilities may be subject to annual limitations as a result of prior ownership changes and ownership changes that may occur in the future. 
 Our insurance costs are susceptible to significant increases, and further increases in insurance costs or reductions in coverage could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 We carry types and amounts of insurance customary in the airline industry, including coverage for general liability, passenger liability, property damage, aircraft loss or damage, baggage and cargo liability, and workers' compensation. We are required by the DOT to carry liability insurance on each of our aircraft. We currently maintain commercial airline insurance with a major group of independent insurers that regularly participate in world aviation insurance markets, including public liability insurance and coverage for losses resulting from the physical destruction or damage to our aircraft. However, there can be no assurance that the amount of such coverage will not change or that we will not bear substantial losses from accidents or damage to, or loss 
 27 

Table of Contents , 

 of, aircraft or other property due to other factors such as natural disasters. We could incur substantial claims resulting from an accident or damage to, or loss of, aircraft or other property due to other factors such as natural disasters in excess of related insurance coverage that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increases in our policy premiums as our policies become eligible for renewal. 
 Extended interruptions or disruptions in service have and could continue to have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 Our financial results have been and may continue to be adversely affected by factors outside our control, including, but not limited to, flight cancellations, significant delays in operations, and facility disruptions, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our principal base of operations is in Hawai'i and a significant interruption or disruption in service has had and may continue to have a serious impact on our business and results of operations. In addition to international health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes and tsunamis, have in the past and may again impact the demand for transportation in the markets in which we operate. 
 FLEET AND FLEET-RELATED RISKS 
 We are dependent on our limited number of suppliers for aircraft, aircraft engines and parts. 
 We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers (e.g. Airbus, Boeing, Pratt Whitney, Rolls Royce) for aircraft, aircraft engines, and aircraft-related items. We are vulnerable to malfunction, failure or other problems associated with the supply and performance of these aircraft and parts and/or related operational disruptions, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Certain of our suppliers, including our supplier of engines for our A321neo aircraft, Pratt Whitney, have experienced and continue to experience significant supply chain disruptions. We have experienced delays from such suppliers and may experience additional delays and part shortages in the future. These disruptions have and may continue to have a negative impact on our operations, including for example, aircraft out of service due to part unavailability. We do not yet know the full impact of operational disruptions caused by supply chain disruptions of our suppliers, in particular Pratt Whitney. However, we anticipate continued delays for Pratt Whitney engines on our A321neo aircraft during 2023. We believe that such disruptions could result in reputational harm, increased parts and maintenance costs, increased aircraft down time, and adverse effects on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Our agreements to purchase Boeing 787-9 aircraft represent significant future financial commitments and operating costs. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following firm order commitments and purchase rights for additional aircraft: Aircraft Type Firm Orders Purchase Rights Expected Delivery Dates A321neo aircraft 9 N/A B787-9 aircraft 12 8 Between 2023 and 2027 
 We have made substantial pre-delivery payments for aircraft under existing purchase agreements and are required to continue these pre-delivery payments as well as make payments for the balance of the purchase price through delivery of each aircraft. In December 2022, we entered into a supplemental agreement to our B787-9 purchase agreement with the Boeing Company, pursuant to which (a) we agreed with the Boeing Company to defer the delivery of our B787-9 aircraft, the first of which we now expect to receive in the fourth quarter of 2023, with the remaining deliveries scheduled through 2027, and (b) we agreed to exercise purchase options for an additional two B787-9 aircraft with scheduled delivery dates in 2027. 
 These commitments substantially increase our future capital spending requirements and may require us to increase our level of debt in future years. We are continuing to evaluate our options to finance these commitments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Delays in scheduled aircraft deliveries or other loss of fleet capacity may adversely impact our operations and financial results. 
 The success of our business depends on, among other things, the ability to effectively operate a certain number and type of aircraft. As noted above, we are uncertain about the future of our contractual commitments to purchase additional aircraft for our fleet and have and may continue to experience supply chain delays that impact the availability of our aircraft. Our inability to purchase and introduce new aircraft into our fleet could negatively impact our business, operations and financial 
 28 

Table of Contents , 

 performance. Even if we proceed with some or all of our contractual commitments to purchase additional aircraft, delays in scheduled aircraft, due to the COVID-19 pandemic or other circumstances, or our failure to integrate newly purchased aircraft into our fleet as planned may require us to utilize our existing fleet longer than expected. Such extensions may require us to operate existing aircraft beyond the point at which it is economically optimal to retire them, resulting in increased maintenance costs. 
 We may never realize the full value of our long-lived assets such as aircraft and non-aircraft equipment, resulting in impairment and other related charges that may negatively impact our financial position and results of operations. 
 Long-lived assets used in operations consist principally of property and equipment and had a carrying value of approximately 1.9 billion at December 31, 2022. Economic and intrinsic triggers, which include the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, extreme fuel price volatility, an uncertain economic and credit environment, unfavorable trends in historical or forecasted results of operations and cash flows, as well as other uncertainties, may cause us to record material impairments of our long-lived assets. Additionally, we could be subject to impairment charges in the future that could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations in future periods. 
 Long-lived assets are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amount. To determine whether impairment exists for aircraft used in operations, assets are grouped at the fleet-type level (the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and future cash flows are estimated based on projections of capacity, passenger mile yield, fuel costs, labor costs and other relevant factors. If, at any time, management determines the net carrying value of an asset is not recoverable, the amount is reduced to its fair value during the period in which such determination is made. 
 We continue to evaluate our current fleet and other long-lived assets for impairment accordingly. As of December 31, 2022, our remaining long-lived assets continued to generate future cash flows from operation of the fleet through the respective retirement dates in excess of their respective carrying values. 
 COMMON STOCK RISKS 
 Our share price is subject to fluctuations. 
 The market price of our stock is influenced by many factors, many of which are outside of our control, and include other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section, as well as the following: 
 our operating results and financial condition 
 how our operating results and financial condition compare to securities analyst expectations, particularly with respect to metrics for which we do not give guidance, including whether those results significantly fail to meet or exceed securities analyst expectations 
 changes in the competitive environment in which we operate 
 fuel price volatility including the availability of fuel 
 announcements concerning our competitors including bankruptcy filings, mergers, restructurings or acquisitions by other airlines 
 increases or changes in government regulation 
 general and industry specific market conditions 
 changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts 
 sales of our common stock or other actions by investors with significant shareholdings 
 In recent years the stock market has experienced volatile price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic conditions, have affected and may continue to affect the price of our common stock. 
 In the past, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against a company following periods of volatility in its stock price. This type of litigation, if filed against us, could result in substantial costs and divert our management's attention and resources. In addition, the future sale of a substantial number of shares of common stock by us or by our existing stockholders may have an adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that the trading price of our common stock will remain at or near its current level. 
 29 

Table of Contents , 

 We do not expect to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program or pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. 
 Under the terms of our PSP3 Agreement, we were required to suspend payment of dividends and refrain from engaging in stock repurchases through September 30, 2022. We do not currently anticipate any future repurchases and we cannot provide any assurance that we will initiate any repurchase program again in the future. Additionally, although we have historically issued quarterly dividends, we cannot provide any assurance that we will declare dividends in the future, even though the PSP restrictions are no longer applicable, based on our operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, and general business conditions. 
 
 Our future earnings and earnings per share, as reported under generally accepted accounting principles, will be impacted by the Amazon warrants. 
 
 The warrants held by Amazon are subject to fair value measurements during periods that they are outstanding. Accordingly, future fluctuations in the fair value of the warrants are expected to adversely impact our reported earnings measures from time to time. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the accompanying consolidated financial statements of this report for further information about the warrants issued to Amazon. 
 
 If Amazon or the Treasury exercise their rights to acquire shares of our common stock pursuant to the outstanding warrants held by them, such exercise will dilute the ownership interests of our then-existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 If Amazon or the Treasury exercise their rights to acquire shares of our common stock pursuant to their warrants, it will dilute the ownership interests of our then-existing stockholders and reduce our earnings per share. In addition, any sales in the public market of any common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants by Amazon or the Treasury, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. Moreover, the warrants include anti-dilution adjustments for certain issuances of common stock or convertible securities by us. If such anti-dilution adjustments are made, Amazon would receive more shares for the exercise of its warrants than before the anti-dilution adjustment, increasing their dilutive impact. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation includes a provision limiting voting and ownership by non-U.S. citizens and our bylaws include a provision specifying an exclusive forum for stockholder disputes. 
 
 To comply with restrictions imposed by federal law on foreign ownership of U.S. airlines, our certificate of incorporation restricts voting of shares of our common stock by non-U.S. citizens. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the failure of non-U.S. citizens to register their shares on a separate stock record, which we refer to as the "foreign stock record," would result in a suspension of their voting rights in the event that the aggregate foreign ownership of the outstanding common stock exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation further provides that no shares of our common stock will be registered on the foreign stock record if the amount so registered would exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. If it is determined that the amount registered in the foreign stock record exceeds the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law, shares will be removed from the foreign stock record in reverse chronological order based on the date of registration therein, until the number of shares registered therein does not exceed the foreign ownership restrictions imposed by federal law. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we were in compliance with the foreign ownership rules. 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, any other state or federal court located in the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or other employees to us or our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as each may be amended or restated from time to time); or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our amended and restated bylaws further provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Accordingly, stockholders may be limited in the forum in which they are able to pursue legal actions against us. 
 30 

Table of Contents , 

 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and our issuance of warrants to Amazon, may delay or prevent a change of control, which could materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make it difficult to remove our Board of Directors and management, and may discourage or delay a change of control, which could materially and adversely affect the price of our common stock. These provisions include, among others: 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, series of undesignated preferred stock, or rights to acquire preferred stock, that could dilute the interest of, or impair the voting power of, holders of our common stock or could also be used as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control; 
 advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be considered at stockholders' meetings and for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to fill vacancies on the board; 
 a prohibition against stockholders taking action by written consent; 
 a prohibition against stockholders calling special meetings of stockholders; and 
 super-majority voting requirements to modify or amend specified provisions of our certificate of incorporation. 
 In addition, some terms of the agreements between us and Amazon may discourage attempts to acquire our company. Amazon is entitled to notice of certain transactions, including transactions that might result in a change of control of Hawaiian, ten days before we enter into a definitive agreement related to such transactions, subject to certain exceptions. Also, the vesting of the warrants issued by us to Amazon will generally, subject to certain exceptions, be accelerated upon a change of control of the Company. 
 
 If Amazon exercises its right to acquire additional shares of our common stock pursuant to its warrants, Amazon may become a significant stockholder. 
 
 The warrants issued by us to Amazon grant Amazon the right to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 15 , as of the date of the agreements, of our common stock on a post-issuance basis. If the warrants issued to Amazon, including pursuant to any anti-dilutive adjustments, are exercised, Amazon may become a significant stockholder of our company. 
 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or if they issue unfavorable commentary about us or our industry or downgrade the outlook of our common stock, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that third-party securities analysts publish about us and our industry. One or more analysts could downgrade the outlook for our common stock or issue other negative commentary about us or our industry. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us, we could lose visibility in the market. In addition, analysts and other market observers assessing our performance and prospects will take into account our existing and future amounts of debt, securities offerings, and any offers by us to repurchase our securities. As a result of one or more of these factors, the market price of our common stock could decline and cause you to lose all or a portion of your investment. 
 SECURITIES OFFERINGS RISKS 
 
 In connection with the issuance of Hawaiian's enhanced equipment trust certificates, our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, and consequently expose us to risks that could materially adversely affect the resources available to us and Hawaiian to satisfy our obligations under such certificates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of our enhanced equipment trust certificate (EETC) issuances was 184.6 million. Offerings of structured finance securities, such as the EETC issuances may present risks similar to those of the other types of debt obligations in which we or Hawaiian may invest and, in fact, such risks may be of greater significance in the case of such structured finance securities. In addition, the performance of the EETCs will be affected by a variety of factors, including its priority in the capital structure of the issuer thereof, and the availability of any credit enhancement, the level and timing of payments and recoveries on and the characteristics of the underlying receivables, loans or other assets that are being securitized, remoteness of those assets from the originator or transferor, the adequacy of and ability to realize upon any related collateral and the capability of the servicer of the securitized assets. If we or Hawaiian fail to comply with these covenants or to 
 31 

Table of Contents , 

 make payments under such indebtedness when due, then we or Hawaiian would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in ours or Hawaiian's other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the senior secured notes due 2026, our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for Hawaiian's operations, and consequently expose us to risks that could materially adversely affect the resources available to us to satisfy our obligations under the Notes. 
 
 In February 2021, we conducted a private offering of 5.75 senior secured notes due 2026 (the Notes) collateralized by certain loyalty and brand assets (Notes Offering). The indebtedness of Hawaiian and its subsidiaries increased significantly as a result of the Notes Offering. As of December 31, 2022, Hawaiian had approximately 1.6 billion of total indebtedness (excluding finance lease obligations of approximately 101.0 million and operating lease obligations of 425.6 million). We incurred approximately 1.2 billion principal amount of indebtedness as a result of the Notes Offering. We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs. The indebtedness of Hawaiian and its subsidiaries could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and the resources available to satisfy our obligations under the Notes, including the following: 
 
 greater difficulty satisfying our obligations with respect to the Notes; 
 increasing Hawaiian's vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limiting Hawaiian's ability to obtain additional financing; 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of Hawaiian's cash flow from operations to service Hawaiian's indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
 limiting Hawaiian's flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in its business; 
 placing Hawaiian at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital; and 
 potentially causing Hawaiian's credit ratings to be reduced and causing our and Hawaiian's debt and equity securities to significantly decrease in value. 
 
 Hawaiian's business, including the HawaiianMiles Program, may not generate sufficient funds, and we and Hawaiian may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts due under our and Hawaiian's indebtedness, including the Notes, and our and Hawaiian's cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, future indebtedness that we or Hawaiian may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, including with respect to the HawaiianMiles Program, raise capital or make payments under our or Hawaiian's indebtedness. If we or Hawaiian fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under ours or Hawaiian's indebtedness when due, then we or Hawaiian would be in default under that indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in ours and Hawaiian's other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 
 RESTATEMENT OF OUR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS RISKS 
 
 In the past, we have had to restate our previously issued consolidated financial statements and as part of that process identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 On October 21, 2022, the Audit and Finance Committee of our Board of Directors concluded, after discussion with our management, that our consolidated unaudited financial statements as of and for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 (collectively, the Non-Reliance Periods) included in the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC for the Non-Reliance Periods, (1) should no longer be relied upon due to an error in accounting for net unrealized losses from equity securities, as further described below, and (2) would require restatement. As a result of this restatement, our management re-evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022 and evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2022. Management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, and that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022 due to a material weakness. Specifically, there was a lack of effectively designed control activity over the accounting for unrealized gains and losses on equity securities. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, 
 32 

Table of Contents , 

 or detected on a timely basis. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reporting and prevent fraud. We have concluded that we remediated the material weakness as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Any failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial condition and results of operations on a timely and accurate basis. If our financial statements are not accurate, investors may not have a complete understanding of our operations. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In either case, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ineffective internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 
 
 We can give no assurance that the measures we took and plan to take in the future will prevent the occurrence of additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results in the future due to a failure to implement or maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. In addition, even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We may face litigation and other risks as a result of the restatement and material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 As part of the restatement, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of such material weakness, the restatement, the change in accounting for unrealized gains and losses on equity securities, and other matters raised or that may in the future be raised by the SEC, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include, among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the restatement and the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Aircraft 
 The table below summarizes our total fleet as of December 31, 2021 and 2022, and expected fleet as of December 31, 2023 (based on existing executed agreements as of December 31, 2022): 
 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2023 (Expected) 
 Seating Capacity (Per Aircraft) Simple Average Age (In Years) Aircraft Type Leased (2) Owned (3) Total Leased (2) Owned (3) Total Leased (2) Owned (3) Total A330-200 12 12 24 12 12 24 12 12 24 278 9.5 A321neo 4 14 18 4 14 18 4 14 18 189 4.0 787-9 1 1 300 N/A 717-200 5 14 19 5 14 19 5 14 19 128 20.7 ATR 42-500(1) 3 3 2 2 48 18.6 ATR 72-200(1) 4 4 1 1 31.8 Total 21 47 68 21 43 64 21 41 62 
 
 (1) The ATR 42-500 turboprop and ATR 72-200 turboprop aircraft are owned by Airline Contract Maintenance Equipment, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In the second quarter of 2021, we announced the termination of our 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which operated under a Capacity Purchase Agreement (CPA) with a third-party provider, and committed to a plan to dispose of the aircraft and related asset group. As of December 31, 2022, the asset group has been classified as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We expect to complete the sale of the remaining ATR 42-500 and ATR 72-200 in the first half of 2023. 
 33 

Table of Contents , 

 (2) Leased aircraft include aircraft under finance and operating leases. See Note 9 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion regarding our aircraft leases. 
 (3) Includes unencumbered aircraft as well as those purchased and under various debt financing. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 12 aircraft on order scheduled for delivery through 2027: 
 Delivery Year B787-9 Aircraft (1) 2023 1 2024 3 2025 2 2026 2 2027 4 12 
 
 (1) In July 2018, we entered into a purchase agreement for the purchase of 10 Boeing 787-9 "Dreamliner" aircraft with purchase rights for an additional 8 aircraft with scheduled deliveries between 2021 to 2025. In December 2022, we entered into a supplemental agreement to the purchase agreement, pursuant to which (a) we agreed with Boeing to defer delivery of the B787-9 aircraft, the first of which we now expect to receive in the fourth quarter of 2023 with the remaining deliveries scheduled through 2027, as reflected in the table above, and (b) agreed to exercise purchase options for an additional two B787-9 aircraft. 
 Ground Facilities 
 Our principal terminal facilities, cargo facilities and hangar and maintenance facilities are located at the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport (HNL). The majority of the facilities at HNL are leased on a month-to-month basis. We are also charged for the use of terminal facilities at other Neighbor Island airports owned by the state of Hawai'i. Some terminal facilities, including gates and holding rooms, are considered by the state of Hawai'i to be common areas and thus are not exclusively controlled by us. We also utilize other state of Hawai'i facilities, including station manager offices, Premier Club lounges, and operations support space. 
 34 

Table of Contents , 

 The table below sets forth the airport locations to which we have access pursuant to various agreements as of December 31, 2022: Name of Airport Location Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport Phoenix Arizona Long Beach Airport Long Beach California Los Angeles International Airport Los Angeles California Oakland International Airport Oakland California Ontario International Airport Ontario California Sacramento International Airport Sacramento California San Diego International Airport San Diego California San Francisco International Airport San Francisco California Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport San Jose California Hilo International Airport Hilo Hawai'i 
 Daniel K. Inouye International Airport Honolulu Hawai'i 
 Kahului Airport Kahului Hawai'i 
 Ellison Onizuka Kona International Airport Kailua-Kona Hawai'i 
 Lihu'e Airport Lihu'e Hawai'i 
 Boston Logan International Airport Boston Massachusetts Harry Reid International Airport Las Vegas Nevada John F. Kennedy International Airport New York New York Austin-Bergstrom International Airport Austin Texas Portland International Airport Portland Oregon Seattle-Tacoma International Airport SeaTac Washington Pago Pago International Airport Pago Pago American Samoa Sydney International Airport Sydney Australia Haneda International Airport Tokyo Japan Fukuoka International Airport Fukuoka Japan Kansai International Airport Osaka Japan Narita International Airport Tokyo Japan New Chitose International Airport Sapporo Japan Auckland Airport Auckland New Zealand Incheon International Airport Seoul South Korea Faa'a International Airport Papeete Tahiti 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in leased premises adjacent to the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are subject to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of our operations. We do not anticipate that the disposition of any currently pending proceeding will have a material effect on our operations, business or financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 35 

Table of Contents , 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol "HA." 
 Holders 
 There were 670 stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 3, 2023, which does not reflect those shares held beneficially or those shares held in "street" name. 
 Dividends and Other Restrictions 
 Our receipt of financial assistance under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs precluded us from making any further dividend payments through September 30, 2022. We did not make any dividend payments during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to the suspension of dividend payments, we paid dividends of 5.5 million to shareholders of record during 2020. 
 U.S. law prohibits non-U.S. citizens from owning more than 25 of the voting interest of a U.S. air carrier or controlling a U.S. air carrier. Our certificate of incorporation prohibits the ownership or control of more than 25 (to be increased or decreased from time to time, as permitted under the laws of the U.S.) of our issued and outstanding voting capital stock by persons who are not "citizens of the U.S." As of December 31, 2022, we believe we are in compliance with the law as it relates to voting stock held by non-U.S. citizens. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 On March 18, 2020, as part of our response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we announced the suspension of our stock repurchase program. Pursuant to our receipt of financial assistance under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs, we were prevented from executing stock repurchases through September 30, 2022. 
 Stockholder Return Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock, the S P 500 Index and the NYSE ARCA Airline Index from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends before consideration of income taxes. 
 36 

Table of Contents , 

The stock performance depicted in the graph above is not to be relied upon as indicative of future performance. The stock performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate the same by reference, nor shall it be deemed to be "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC or subject to Regulations 14A or 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 
 37 

Table of Contents , 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 Overview 
 The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) is intended to help the reader understand the Company and its operations and is focused on our 2022 and 2021 financial results, including comparisons of year-over-year performance between these years. Discussion and analysis of our 2020 fiscal year, as well as the year-over-year comparison of our 2021 financial performance to 2020, is located in Part II, Item 7 - Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022. 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections of future events. However, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein as a result of the risks that we face, including but not limited to those risks stated in the "Risk Factors" section of this report. In addition, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 
 Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact passenger travel demand, with total passenger revenue down approximately 10.1 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019. The recovery in our domestic network has been robust with passenger revenue up 7.9 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2019. International revenue continues to lag the recovery of our domestic markets due to ongoing restrictions on international travel, with revenue down 61.1 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, our domestic network accounted for approximately 89 of total passenger revenue as compared to 74 in 2019. 
 
 We continue to monitor developments on the easing of restrictions on international travel by international governments, including by the government of Japan, as Japan represented a large percentage of our pre-pandemic international revenue. In late September 2022, Japan announced that limits on the number of passenger arrivals would be lifted in October 2022. However, requirements remain in effect for travelers arriving in Japan to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination or a pre-travel negative PCR test result. In October 2022, the Republic of Korea announced that it was eliminating all remaining COVID-related restrictions for all arriving guests, effective immediately, with post-arrival tests and proof of vaccination no longer required. 
 
 Government Support Programs 
 
 The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted on March 27, 2020 and provided an estimated 2.2 trillion to fight the COVID-19 pandemic and stimulate the U.S. economy. The assistance included tax relief and government loans, grants and investments for entities in affected industries. The CARES Act provided, among other things: (a) financial relief to passenger air carriers for direct payroll support under the PSP, (b) financial relief in the form of loans and loan guarantees available for operations under the Economic Relief Program (ERP), (c) temporary suspension of certain aviation taxes, (d) temporary deferral of certain employer payroll taxes, and (e) additional corporate tax benefits. 
 
 The CARES Act also provided for deferred payment of the employer portion of social security taxes through the end of 2020, with 50 of the deferred amount due December 31, 2021 and the remaining 50 due December 31, 2022. Lastly, the CARES Act provided for the carryback of additional NOLs to 2016 and 2017, which will result in tax benefits for those years. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 Economic Relief Program 
 
 In September 2020, the Company entered into the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement under the ERP pursuant to which the maximum facility available to be borrowed increased to 622.0 million (the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement). In connection with our entry into the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, we also entered into an ERP Warrant Agreement with the Treasury. On September 25, 2020, we borrowed 45.0 million and issued to the Treasury warrants to purchase up to 380,711 shares of our common stock. We recorded the value of the loan and the warrants on a relative fair value basis as 41.9 million in noncurrent debt and 3.1 million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents , 

 On February 4, 2021, we repaid in full the 45.0 million loan under the ERP, and in connection with this repayment, terminated the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. The debt extinguishment resulted in the recognition of a loss of 4.0 million, which is reflected in nonoperating income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Payroll Support Program 
 
 On April 22, 2020, we entered into a Payroll Support Program agreement (the PSP Agreement) with the Treasury under the CARES Act. In connection with the PSP Agreement, we entered into a Warrant Agreement (the PSP Warrant Agreement) with the Treasury, and we issued a promissory note to the Treasury (the PSP Note). Pursuant to the PSP Agreement, the Treasury provided us with financial assistance, paid in installments, totaling approximately 300.9 million, to be used exclusively for the purpose of continuing to pay employee salaries, wages and benefits. Under the PSP Agreement, we agreed to (i) refrain from conducting involuntary furloughs or reducing employee rates of pay or benefits through September 30, 2020, (ii) limit executive compensation through March 24, 2022 and (iii) suspend payment of dividends and stock repurchases through September 30, 2021. The PSP Agreement also imposes certain Treasury-mandated reporting obligations on us. Finally, we were required to continue to provide air service to markets served prior to March 1, 2020 until March 1, 2022, to the extent determined reasonable and practicable by the DOT and subject to exemptions granted by the DOT to us given the absence of demand for certain of such services. 
 
 The PSP Note was in the total principal amount of approximately 60.3 million. The PSP Note has a 10-year term and bears interest at a rate per annum equal to 1.00 until the fifth anniversary of April 22, 2020 (the PSP Closing Date), and thereafter bears interest at a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate plus 2.00 until the tenth anniversary of the PSP Closing Date, which interest is payable semi-annually beginning on September 30, 2020. The PSP Note may be prepaid at any time, without penalty, and is subject to customary change of control acceleration provisions and events of default. 
 
 As compensation to the U.S. government for providing financial relief under the PSP Agreement, and pursuant to the PSP Warrant Agreement, we issued to the Treasury a total of 509,964 warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.82 per share (the PSP Warrants). The PSP Warrants are non-voting, freely transferable, may be settled as net shares or in cash at our option, expire five years from the date of issuance, and contain registration rights and customary anti-dilution provisions. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 The CAA 2021 was enacted on December 27, 2020, and provided 15.0 billion for airline employee wages, salaries and benefits under an extension (the PSP Extension) of the Payroll Support Program created under the CARES Act. In January 2021, we entered into a PSP extension agreement with the Treasury (the PSP Extension Agreement). PSP Extension funds are required to be used exclusively for the purpose of continuing to pay employee salaries, wages and benefits, including the payment of lost wages, salaries and benefits to certain returning employees, as defined in the PSP Extension Agreement. Under the PSP Extension Agreement, we agreed to (i) refrain from conducting involuntary furloughs or reducing employee rates of pay or benefits from December 1, 2020 through March 31, 2021, (ii) recall any employees who were subject to an involuntary termination or furlough between October 1, 2020 and the date of the PSP Extension Agreement and who elected to return to employment pursuant to a recall notice and to compensate these employees for lost salary, wages and benefits, (iii) limit executive compensation through October 1, 2022, and (iv) suspend payment of dividends and stock repurchases through March 31, 2022. Finally, we were required to continue to provide air service to markets served prior to March 1, 2020 until March 1, 2022, to the extent determined reasonable and practicable by the DOT. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we received 192.7 million in grants, entered into a promissory note with the Treasury (the PSP Extension Note) for approximately 27.8 million and issued to the Treasury warrants to purchase up to a total of 156,340 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 17.78 per share (the PSP Extension Warrants) pursuant to the PSP Extension Agreement. The PSP Extension Note has a 10-year term and bears interest at a rate per annum equal to 1.00 for the first five years and at a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate plus 2.00 for the following five years. We recorded the value of the PSP Extension Note and the PSP Extension Warrants on a relative fair value basis as 23.8 million in noncurrent debt and 4.0 million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 The ARP 2021 was enacted on March 11, 2021, and included a second PSP extension, providing an additional 14 billion in grants and loans for airline employee wages, salaries and benefits. In April 2021, we entered into a Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement with the Treasury (PSP3 Agreement), a promissory note (the PSP3 Note), and a Warrant Agreement to purchase up to 87,670 shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise of 27.27 (the PSP3 Warrants). The PSP3 Agreement extends (i) the prohibition on conducting involuntary employee layoffs or furloughs through September 2021 or the date on which assistance provided under the agreement is exhausted, whichever is later, (ii) the prohibitions on share repurchases and dividends through September 2022, and (iii) the limitations on executive compensation through April 1, 2023. The terms of the PSP3 Note and PSP3 Warrants are consistent with those of the original PSP and the first PSP Extension. During 2021, we 
 39 

Table of Contents , 

 received a total of 179.7 million pursuant to the PSP3 Agreement, consisting of approximately 155.8 million in a grant and 23.9 million in a ten-year loan. 
 
 Loyalty Program and Intellectual Property Financing 
 
 In February 2021, we completed the private offering (the Notes Offering) by Hawaiian Brand Intellectual Property, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (the Brand Issuer), and HawaiianMiles Loyalty, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (the Loyalty Issuer and, together with the Brand Issuer, the Issuers) of an aggregate of 1.2 billion principal amount of their 5.750 senior secured notes due 2026 (the Notes). The Notes require interest only payments, payable quarterly in arrears on July 20, October 20, January 20 and April 20 of each year, which began on July 20, 2021. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, Hawaiian contributed to the Brand Issuer, which is a newly-formed subsidiary structured to be bankruptcy remote, all worldwide rights, owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Hawaiian or any of its subsidiaries, in and to all intellectual property, including all trademarks, service marks, brand names, designs, and logos that include the word "Hawaiian" or any successor brand and the "hawaiianairlines.com" domain name and similar domain names or any successor domain names (the Brand IP). The Brand Issuer indirectly granted to Hawaiian an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual and royalty-bearing sublicense to use the Brand IP. Further, Hawaiian contributed to the Loyalty Issuer its rights to certain other collateral owned by Hawaiian, including, to the extent permitted by such agreements or otherwise by operation of law, any of Hawaiian's rights under the HawaiianMiles Agreements and the IP Agreements (each as defined in the indenture, dated as of February 4, 2021(the Indenture)), together with HawaiianMiles program (HawaiianMiles) customer data and certain other intellectual property owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Hawaiian or any of its subsidiaries (including the Issuers) and required or necessary to operate HawaiianMiles (the Loyalty Program IP) (all such collateral being, the Loyalty Program Collateral). The Loyalty Issuer indirectly granted Hawaiian an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free sub-license to use the Loyalty Program IP. 
 
 The Notes are redeemable at the option of the Issuers, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, after January 20, 2024 at the redemption prices set forth in the Indenture. In addition, the Notes are redeemable, at the option of the Issuers, at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, prior to January 20, 2024 at a price equal to 100 of their principal amount plus the "make-whole" premium described in the Indenture and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. Additionally, from time to time on or prior to January 20, 2024, the Issuers may also redeem up to 40 of the original outstanding principal amount of the Notes with proceeds from any one or more equity offerings of Hawaiian at a redemption price equal to 105.75 of the principal amount of Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. Upon the occurrence of certain mandatory prepayment events and mandatory repurchase offer events, the Issuers will be required to make a prepayment on the Notes, or offer to repurchase the Notes, pro rata, to the extent of any net cash proceeds received in connection with such events, at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount to be prepaid, plus, in some cases, an applicable premium. In addition, upon a change of control of Hawaiian, the Issuers may be required to make an offer to prepay the Notes at a price equal to 101 of the respective principal amounts thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date. 
 
 The Indenture contains certain covenants that limit the ability of the Issuers, the Cayman Guarantors (as defined below) and, in certain circumstances, Hawaiian to, among other things: (i) make Restricted Payments (as defined in the Indenture), (ii) incur additional indebtedness, (iii) create certain liens on the Loyalty Program Collateral, (iv) sell or otherwise dispose of the Loyalty Program Collateral and (v) consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the Issuers' assets. The Indenture also requires the Issuers and, in certain circumstances, Hawaiian, to comply with certain affirmative covenants, including depositing the Transaction Revenues (as defined in the Indenture) in collection accounts, with amounts to be distributed for the payment of fees, principal and interest on the Notes pursuant to a payment waterfall described in the Indenture, and certain financial reporting requirements. In addition, the Indenture requires Hawaiian to maintain minimum liquidity at the end of any business day of at least 300.0 million. 
 
 Amazon Agreement 
 
 Air Transportation Services Agreement 
 
 On October 20, 2022, we and the Customer entered into the ATSA under which we will provide certain air cargo transportation services to the Customer for an initial term of eight years. Thereafter, the Customer may elect to extend the ATSA for two years and, at the end of such period, the parties may mutually agree to extend the term for three additional years. The ATSA provides for us to initially operate ten A330-300F aircraft for the air cargo transportation services, with the Customer having the right to enter into work orders for additional aircraft. We will supply flight crews, perform maintenance and certain administrative 
 40 

Table of Contents , 

 functions, and procure aircraft insurance. The Customer will pay us a fixed monthly fee per aircraft, a per flight hour fee, and a per flight cycle fee for each flight cycle operated. The Customer will also reimburse us for certain operating expenses, including fuel, certain maintenance, and insurance premiums. Services under the ATSA are anticipated to begin in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 As part of the ATSA, the Company received 11.5 million toward start-up costs which has been recorded in Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferred up-front payment will be amortized into revenue on a pro-rata basis over the term of the contract. 
 
 Warrant and Transaction Agreement 
 
 Contemporaneously with the ATSA, we and Amazon entered into a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement), under which, we agreed to issue to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon, a warrant (the Warrant) to acquire up to 9,442,443 shares (the Warrant Shares), of our common stock. At execution, 1,258,992 Warrant Shares, valued at approximately 11.6 million, vested upon warrant issuance. Future vesting is based on payments to be made by Amazon or its affiliates either under the ATSA or generally with respect to air cargo or air charters, excluding commercial passenger service (Qualified Payments), up to 1.8 billion in the aggregate. Subject to certain conditions, including vesting, the Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before October 20, 2031. The exercise price with respect to the first 6,294,962 Warrant Shares that vest will be 14.71 per share (the First Tranche). The exercise price with respect to the remaining 3,147,481 Warrant Shares will be determined based on the 30-day volume-weighted average price of our common stock as of the earlier of (i) October 20, 2025, or (ii) the date that the entire First Tranche is vested. The exercise prices and the Warrant Shares issuable are subject to customary antidilution adjustments. 
 
 Selected Consolidated Statistical Data 
 Below are the operating statistics we use to measure our operating performance. Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except as otherwise indicated) Scheduled Operations (a) : Revenue passengers flown 9,995 6,515 3,353 Revenue passenger miles (RPM) 14,932,750 9,979,848 4,558,045 Available seat miles (ASM) 18,636,466 14,411,410 7,527,383 Passenger revenue per RPM (Yield) 15.64 13.74 14.59 Passenger load factor (RPM/ASM) 80.1 69.2 60.6 Passenger revenue per ASM (PRASM) 12.53 9.51 8.83 Total Operations (a) : Revenue passengers flown 10,015 6,543 3,362 Revenue passenger miles (RPM) 14,964,500 10,054,062 4,576,623 Available seat miles (ASM) 18,684,642 14,535,425 7,560,486 Operating revenue per ASM (RASM) 14.14 10.98 11.17 Operating cost per ASM (CASM) 15.26 11.55 19.74 CASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items (b) 10.78 11.20 18.35 Aircraft fuel expense per ASM (c) 4.37 2.50 2.13 Revenue block hours operated 195,361 157,236 82,711 Gallons of jet fuel consumed 239,231 179,494 106,225 Average cost per gallon of jet fuel (actual) (c) 3.42 2.02 1.52 
 (a) Includes the operations of our contract carrier under a CPA, which was terminated in the first half of 2021. Total Operations includes both scheduled and chartered operations. 
 (b) See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for our reconciliation of CASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items, a non-GAAP financial measure, to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. We believe this is a useful measure because it better reflects our controllable costs. 
 (c) Includes applicable taxes and fees. 
 41 

Table of Contents , 

 Operating Revenue 
 Our revenue is derived primarily from transporting passengers on our aircraft. We record passenger revenue when the transportation is provided or when scheduled flights for tickets are expected to expire unused. We measure capacity in terms of available seat miles, which represent the number of seats available for passengers multiplied by the number of miles the seats are flown. Yield, or the average amount one passenger pays to fly one mile, is calculated by dividing passenger revenue by RPMs. Typically, we strive to increase passenger revenue primarily by increasing our yield per flight or by filling a higher proportion of available seats, which produces higher operating revenue per available seat mile. Other revenue primarily consists of cargo revenue, incidental services revenue, marketing component related to the sale of frequent flyer miles, and contract services. 
 Operating revenue was approximately 2.64 billion, 1.60 billion and 0.84 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Operating revenue was severely impacted beginning in the first quarter of 2020 as a result of the unprecedented spread and ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although restrictions have eased and passenger travel demand has improved, demand and capacity continue to remain below pre-pandemic levels. 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Passenger Revenue 
 Passenger revenue increased by 964.5 million, or 70.4 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. Details of this change are described in the table below: Increase (Decrease) vs. Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Passenger Revenue Yield RPMs ASM PRASM (in millions) Domestic 2,072.1 771.4 17.2 36.0 16.3 37.0 International 263.4 193.1 (50.2) 653.9 232.8 12.7 Total scheduled 2,335.4 964.5 13.8 49.6 29.3 31.8 
 Domestic passenger revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 771.4 million, or 59.3 , as compared to 2021, on capacity growth of 16.3 . Demand on our domestic network has exceeded pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, with passenger revenue up 7.9 during 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019, primarily driven by the strength of our North America traffic. Our neighbor island traffic, which accounted for approximately 18.1 of total domestic revenue during 2022, continued to experience increased competitive pressures with additional capacity entering the neighbor island market, along with aggressively low-priced fares during the second half of 2022. 
 International passenger revenue increased 193.1 million, or 275.0 , during 2022 as compared to 2021, as a result of the recommencement of scheduled international passenger flights. Despite these improvements, our international network remains depressed in comparison to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels, with revenue down 61.1 in 2022, as compared to the same period in 2019. 
 In April 2022, we announced the resumption of our three-times weekly nonstop service between Auckland, New Zealand and Honolulu, Hawai'i, starting in July 2022 as well as a seasonal increase in frequency between Seoul, South Korea and Honolulu, Hawai'i in the summer of 2022. In May 2022, we also announced plans to resume service between Honolulu, Hawai'i and Haneda International Airport in Tokyo, Japan, beginning in August 2022, and an increase in weekly flights between Honolulu, Hawai'i and Narita International Airport in Tokyo, Japan, and Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan, which began in August 2022. In November 2022, we announced weekly nonstop service between Rarotonga, the Cook Islands and Honolulu, Hawai'i, starting in May 2023. 
 In October 2022, Japan lifted the caps on passenger arrivals. However, requirements remain in effect for travelers arriving in Japan, to show proof of COVID-19 vaccinations or a pre-travel negative PCR test result. In October 2022, the Republic of Korea announced that it was eliminating all remaining COVID-related restrictions for all arriving guests, effective immediately, with post-arrival tests and proof of vaccination no longer required. 
 We expect international demand to continue to lag behind domestic demand until all government travel restrictions are eliminated. In addition, we expect the weakening of the Japanese Yen, which has increased the cost of travel for customers from Japan, to continue to negatively impact international demand until the Japanese Yen recovers. 
 42 

Table of Contents , 

 Other Operating Revenue 
 Other operating revenue increased by 80.1 million, or 35.5 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year, primarily driven by increases in our cargo and loyalty revenue. 
 Cargo revenue increased 35.4 million during 2022 as compared to the prior year, resulting from increased volumes and yield. Loyalty revenue, primarily comprised of brand and marketing performance obligations, increased 20.9 million during 2022, as compared to the prior year, as a result of increased credit card spend and new cardholder acquisitions. Other components in Other operating revenue include, but are not limited to, ground handling and contract services, other freight services, and miscellaneous revenue, collectively increased during 2022 by approximately 23.8 million as compared to the prior year, primarily attributed to increased volumes and contract service operations. 
 Operating Expenses 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , total operating expense increased 1.2 billion or 69.8 to 2.9 billion as compared to 2021. Increases (decreases) in operating expenses are detailed below. Changes for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Operating expenses: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery 454,074 125.1 Wages and benefits 135,036 19.3 Aircraft rent (5,630) (5.1) Maintenance materials and repairs 66,105 38.9 Aircraft and passenger servicing 46,875 44.4 Commissions and other selling 41,331 57.0 Depreciation and amortization (2,130) (1.5) Other rentals and landing fees 30,371 26.0 Purchased services 26,137 25.3 Special items 9,820 109.3 Government grant recognition 320,645 (100.0) Other 49,539 43.6 Total 1,172,173 69.8 
 Aircraft fuel 
 The price and availability of aircraft fuel is volatile due to global economic and geopolitical factors that we can neither control nor accurately predict. The increase in aircraft fuel expense is illustrated in the following table: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands, except per-gallon amounts) Aircraft fuel expense, including taxes and delivery 817,077 363,003 125.1 Fuel gallons consumed 239,231 179,494 33.3 Average fuel price per gallon, including taxes and delivery 3.42 2.02 69.3 
 We believe economic fuel expense is the best measure of the effect of fuel prices on our business as it most closely approximates the net cash outflow associated with the purchase of fuel for our operations and is consistent with how management manages our business and assesses our operating performance. We define economic fuel expense as GAAP fuel expense plus (gains)/losses realized through actual cash (receipts)/payments received from or paid to hedge counterparties for fuel hedge derivative contracts settled in the period inclusive of costs related to hedging premiums. As of December 31, 2022, we have hedged, through the purchase of fuel derivative instruments, approximately 21 of our projected fuel requirements for 2023. 
 43 

Table of Contents , 

 Economic fuel expense is calculated as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands, except per-gallon amounts) Aircraft fuel expense, including taxes and delivery 817,077 363,003 125.1 Realized losses on settlement of fuel derivative instruments 401 165 143.0 Economic fuel expense 817,478 363,168 125.1 Fuel gallons consumed 239,231 179,494 33.3 Economic fuel costs per gallon 3.42 2.02 69.3 
 See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk , for additional discussion of our jet fuel costs and related derivative program. 
 Wages and benefits 
 Wages and benefits expense increased by 135.0 million, or 19.3 , in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior period. The increase in wages and benefits expense is primarily attributed to increased operations as we continue our post-COVID-19 recovery, scheduled contractual wage increases and increased inflationary and hiring costs. 
 
 During 2022, we ratified new collective bargaining agreements (CBA) with several of our labor groups as follows: 
 
 In February 2022, our International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM-M) and International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers - Clerical Division (IAM-C) employees ratified a new CBA, which included scheduled pay rate increases, a signing bonus valued at approximately 2.1 million, improved health benefits and cost sharing, as well as the establishment of Health Retirement Accounts (HRAs) for retirees. During the second quarter, we recorded approximately 2.6 million in one-time CBA related expenses associated with a voluntary separation program and establishment of the HRA plan. 
 
 In April 2022, flight dispatch personnel represented by the Transport Workers Union (TWU), ratified a new CBA. The terms of the new CBA were consistent with those of the IAM discussed above; however, the impact of the TWU CBA was not material to our financial statements. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, our CBA with employees represented by the Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) became amendable. 
 In February 2023, the employees represented by ALPA voted to ratify a new four-year CBA, which takes effect March 2, 2023. The new CBA includes, amongst other things, a signing bonus, pay scale increases across all fleet types, improved health benefits and cost sharing, and enhancements to the postretirement and disability plans. 
 
 We expect that wages and benefits expense will increase in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022 as a result of (a) our continued international recovery, and (b) increased labor costs as a result of our new CBAs combined with scheduled rate increases, as well as inflationary pressures and hiring costs. 
 Maintenance materials and repairs 
 Maintenance materials and repairs increased 66.1 million, or 38.9 , during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. The increase is primarily attributed to increased utilization of our aircraft commensurate with our continued ramp up of operations during 2022, as discussed above, along with scheduled heavy maintenance events. 
 In December 2022, we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with one of our third-party service providers to terminate our Amended and Restated Complete Fleet Services (CFS) Agreement (Amended CFS) covering A330-200 aircraft early. The Amended CFS was originally scheduled to run through December 2027, and will now terminate in April 2023. Upon execution of the MOU, we agreed to pay a total of 12.5 million in termination fees, which was recognized at execution as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as discussed below. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 24.1 million in deferred liabilities that will be recognized into earnings over the remaining contract term as contra-maintenance materials and repairs expense. Excluding the amortization of the deferred balance, we expect maintenance, materials and repairs expense to increase in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022 as we continue to rebuild operational capacity, the timing of scheduled heavy maintenance events and inflationary pressures. 
 Aircraft and passenger servicing 
 Aircraft and passenger servicing expense increased by 46.9 million, or 44.4 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. The increase is primarily due to increased capacity, as discussed above, and passengers flown, 
 44 

Table of Contents , 

 which increased 53.1 in 2022, as compared to 2021. We expect aircraft and passenger servicing expense to increase in the first quarter of 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022 as a result of operations as we continue to rebuild our operations to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. 
 Commissions and other selling expenses 
 Commissions and other selling expenses increased by 41.3 million, or 57.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. The increase in commissions and other selling expense was primarily related to the increase in operational capacity and passenger travel, as discussed above. We expect commissions and other selling expense to increase in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. 
 Other rentals and landing fees 
 Other rentals and landing fees increased by 30.4 million, or 26.0 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. A significant portion of our other rentals and landing fees are variable in nature and are dependent on factors such as the number of departures and passengers, which were up in 2022 as we continued our post-COVID-19 recovery. We expect other rentals and landing fees expense to increase in the first quarter of 2023, as compared to the same period in 2022, as we rebuild operational capacity and passenger travel demand continues to improve, and due to inflationary pressures and increased infrastructure projects at various airports in which we operate, the costs of which are passed onto airlines. 
 Purchased Services 
 Purchased services expense increased by 26.1 million, or 25.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. The increase in purchased services was primarily related to the increased operations during the year. We expect purchased services to increase in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022 as we continue to rebuild our operations to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. 
 Special items 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded 18.8 million in Special items as follows: 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into a MOU with our third-party service provider to early terminate our Amended CFS, which was originally scheduled to run through December 2027, and will now terminate in April 2023. Upon execution of the MOU, the Company agreed to pay a total of 12.5 million in termination fees, which was recognized at execution as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we estimated the fair value of our remaining ATR-42 and ATR-72 aircraft, using available market information and taking into consideration recent transactions, which resulted in the recognition of a 6.3 million impairment charge. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we announced the termination of our 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which operated under a CPA with a third-party carrier. We reclassified approximately 23.6 million to assets held for sale and recognized a one-time expense of 6.4 million to write-down the asset group to fair value. Additionally, we recorded a charge of approximately 2.6 million for the early termination of the CPA. 
 
 Government grant recognition 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we received 372.4 million in federal payroll support payments, of which 320.6 million was in the form of a grant. These funds were required to be used exclusively for the payment of employee wages, salaries and benefits. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 320.6 million as a contra-expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Other expense 
 Other expense increased by 49.5 million, or 43.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily attributed to our continued post-COVID-19 recovery, including personnel-related expenditures for crew travel, professional and technical expenditures, and other miscellaneous expense. We expect other expense to increase during the first quarter of 2023 as we continue to rebuild operational capacity to pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. 
 45 

Table of Contents , 

 Nonoperating expense, net 
 Net nonoperating expense decreased by 19.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the prior year. The decrease in expense was attributed to (a) increased generation of interest income commensurate with the expansion of our investment portfolio into higher risk, higher yielding investments, (b) reduction in interest expense as a result of debt reduction initiatives, and (c) the recognition of 8.6 million in loss on the extinguishment of debt in 2022 as compared to 38.9 million in loss recognized in 2021. Refer to Note 8 in the Notes to Financial Statements for additional discussion. These decreases were offset by the increases in realized and unrealized losses associated with our debt instruments denominated in Japanese Yen and realized and unrealized losses associated with our investment portfolio. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 
 Our effective tax rate was 18.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with 21.9 for the prior year. The effective tax rate for 2022 represented a blend of federal and state taxes and included the impact of the 17.8 million valuation allowance reserve recorded against capital losses and state deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash) and short-term investments totaled approximately 1.4 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our current assets exceeded our current liabilities by approximately 558.0 million as compared to 902.9 million as of December 31, 2021. Approximately 590.8 million of our current liabilities relate to our advanced ticket sales and frequent flyer deferred revenue. 
 
 We cannot assure you that the assumptions used to estimate our liquidity requirements will be correct because we have never experienced such an unprecedented event impacting global travel and, as a consequence, our ability to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain. In addition, the magnitude and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain. However, we expect to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months with cash and cash equivalents (excluding restricted cash), short-term investments and cash flows from operations. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity needs with cash flows from operations and financing arrangements. 
 Cash Flow and Uses of Liquidity 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 57.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 251.3 million in the prior year. Our operating cash flows are impacted by the following factors: 
 Advanced Ticket Sales. We sell tickets for air travel and record the receipt on advance sales as deferred revenue in air traffic liability. The air traffic liability typically increases during the winter and spring months as advanced ticket sales grow prior to the summer and fall peak travel seasons and decreases upon utilization during these seasons. 
 Fuel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, fuel expense represented approximately 28.7 and 21.6 , respectively, of our total operating expense. As reflected in the increase in percentage, the market price for jet fuel is volatile, which can impact the comparability of our cash flows from operations. We expect fuel consumption to increase in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the same period in 2022. 
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Funding. We sponsor a defined pension plan covering eligible pilots and retirees. This plan is closed to new entrants and frozen for future benefit accruals. Additionally, we sponsor four unfunded defined benefit postretirement medical and life insurance plans and a separate plan to administer the pilots' disability benefits. As of December 31, 2022, the excess of the projected benefit obligations over the fair value of plan assets was approximately 143.5 million. We contributed 4.0 million and 4.1 million to our disability plan in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were not required to, and did not make, contributions to our defined benefit pension plan. Future funding requirements for our defined benefit and other postretirement plans are dependent upon many factors such as interest rates, funded status, applicable regulatory requirements and the level and timing of asset returns. Given available funding credits in the defined benefit plan and funding status, we do not anticipate requiring any cash contributions to our defined benefit plan through at least 2024. For our pilot's disability plan, we anticipate annual contributions to the plan of approximately 4.5 million between 2023 and 2027. 
 46 

Table of Contents , 

 Government Support Programs. Operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 320.6 million in proceeds received as part of the federal government's Payroll Support Programs, all of which were utilized in 2021 to offset eligible payroll and payroll-related costs. As of December 31, 2021, all funds were utilized towards their stated purpose. Operating cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 did not include any proceeds received as part of the federal government's Payroll Support Programs. 
 Operating Lease Obligations. As described further in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as of December 31, 2022 we had a total of 425.6 million of minimum operating lease obligations. These minimum lease payments range from approximately 40.8 million to 99.6 million on an annual basis over the next five years. 
 Other Commitments. We have certain purchase obligations under which we are required to make minimum payments for goods and services, including, but not limited to aircraft maintenance, IT, capacity purchases, and reservations. Total contractual obligations do not include long-term contracts where the commitment is variable in nature (with no minimum guarantee), such as aircraft maintenance deposits due under operating leases and fees due under certain other agreements such as aircraft maintenance power-by-the-hour, computer reservation systems and credit card processing agreements, or when the agreements contain short-term cancellation provisions. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 91.7 million of such obligations, which range from approximately 6.0 million to 26.7 million on an annual basis over the next five years. 
 Investing Activities 
 Short-Term Investments. During 2022, we acquired approximately 20.3 million (net of sales) in short-term investments. See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on these investments. 
 Capital Expenditures. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to the purchase of aircraft, fleet modifications and technology enhancements. Our capital expenditures increased to 47.5 million in 2022 as compared to 39.3 million in 2021. We expect that we will have capital expenditures between approximately 330.0 million and 380.0 million in 2023, primarily for aircraft, including advance deposit payments for future aircraft deliveries and aircraft modifications, along with facility upgrades and technology enhancements. We expect that the capital expenditures in 2023 will be funded through available liquidity and cash flows from operations. We have committed to future aircraft purchases, with scheduled deliveries between 2023 and 2027 as reflected below. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had the following capital commitments consisting of firm aircraft and engine orders and purchase rights: 
 Aircraft Type Firm Orders Purchase Rights Expected Delivery Dates A321neo aircraft 9 N/A B787-9 aircraft 12 8 Between 2023 and 2027 General Electric GEnx spare engines: B787-9 spare engines 3 1 Between 2023 and 2027 
 Committed expenditures for these aircraft, engines, and related flight equipment are approximately 291 million in 2023, 482 million in 2024, 493 million in 2025, 396 million in 2026, and 230 million in 2027. 
 In October 2020, we entered into an amendment to our Boeing 787-9 purchase agreement, which changed the scheduled delivery of each aircraft and related engines to between 2022 and 2026. In December 2021, we received notification of further delivery delays, and we have agreed to defer delivery of our first two aircraft from the scheduled delivery date at the end of 2022. In December 2022, we entered into a supplemental agreement to our purchase agreement, pursuant to which (a) we agreed with Boeing to defer delivery of the B787-9 aircraft, the first of which will now be delivered in the fourth quarter of 2023 with additional deliveries scheduled through 2027, and (b) agreed to exercise purchase options for an additional two B787-9 aircraft. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 
 In order to complete the purchase of these aircraft and fund related costs, we may need to secure acceptable financing. We have backstop financing available from aircraft and engine manufacturers, subject to certain customary conditions. Financing may be necessary to satisfy our capital commitments for firm order aircraft and other related capital expenditures. We can provide no assurance that any financing not already in place for aircraft and spare engine deliveries will be available to us on acceptable terms when necessary or at all. 
 Financing Activities 
 Debt Obligations . 
 As of December 31, 2022 our total debt was 1.6 billion, compared to 1.8 billion as of December 31, 2021. 
 47 

Table of Contents , 

 In February 2021, we completed the issuance of 1.2 billion in 5.75 senior secured notes, which are collateralized by our loyalty program and intellectual property. The Notes require quarterly interest payments and mature in January 2026. See above and Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the offering. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we repaid approximately 184.3 million and 611.7 million in scheduled debt repayments and the extinguishment of future debt obligation as follows: 
 In February 2021, we (a) paid in full the 45.0 million ERP loan issued pursuant to the CARES Act, and in connection with such repayment, terminated the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. The warrants remain outstanding pursuant to the terms of the agreement, and (b) repaid the 235.0 million outstanding balance drawn on our revolving credit facility. The revolving credit facility matures in December 2022 and remains available to draw upon at a future date in the event the need arises. 
 In October 2021, we repurchased approximately 160.9 million of our outstanding 7.375 Series 2020-1A Pass Through Certificates due 2027 and 11.250 Series 2020-1B Pass Through Certificates due 2025, and incurred a 34.9 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which is recorded in loss on extinguishment of debt in non-operating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 As described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as of December 31, 2022, scheduled maturities of our debt from 2023 through 2025 are approximately 49.1 million, 47.0 million, and 60.7 million annually, respectively. In 2026, our loyalty offering, discussed above, matures resulting in scheduled debt repayment of 1.3 billion. Scheduled repayments in 2027 are approximately 12.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, scheduled maturities after 2027 are equal to 152.1 million in the aggregate. In addition, we are obligated to make periodic interest payments at fixed and variable rates, depending on the terms of the applicable debt agreements. Based on applicable interest rates and scheduled debt maturities as of December 31, 2022, these interest obligations total 79.3 million in 2023, 78.5 million in 2024, 77.4 million in 2025, 22.7 million in 2026, 2.7 million in 2027, and 7.7 million thereafter. 
 Finance Lease Obligations. As described further in Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 101.0 million of minimum finance lease obligations. These minimum lease payments range from approximately 11.3 million to 29.5 million on an annual basis over the next five years. 
 Issuance of Equity. In December 2020, we entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement (the Equity Distribution Agreement) with Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp. and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (the Managers) relating to the issuance and sale of up to 5.0 million shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we sold 2.9 million shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of 24.47 per share, with net proceeds totaling approximately 68.1 million. As of March 5, 2021, we sold all of the 5.0 million shares authorized under the Equity Distribution Agreement, at an average price of 22.46 per share, with net proceeds of approximately 109.3 million. 
 Return to Shareholders. On March 18, 2020, we indefinitely suspended all repurchases under our approved stock repurchase plan in connection with our receipt of financial assistance under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs, which restricted us from repurchasing shares and making dividend payments until September 30, 2022. We did not repurchase shares or declare dividends during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Undrawn Lines of Credit. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 235.0 million undrawn and available under our revolving credit facility which matures in December 2025. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 
 Credit Card Holdbacks. Under our bank-issued credit card processing agreements, proceeds from advance ticket sales may be held back to serve as collateral to cover any possible chargebacks or other disputed charges that may occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no holdbacks held with our credit card processors. In the event of a material adverse change in our business, the holdback could increase to an amount up to 100 of the applicable credit card activity for all unflown tickets, which would also result in an increase in the required level of restricted cash. If we are unable to obtain a waiver of, or otherwise mitigate the increase in the restriction of cash, it could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 Covenants. We are in compliance with covenants in our debt and lease agreements at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 We believe the disclosure of non-GAAP financial measures is useful information to readers of our financial statements because: 
 
 We believe it is the basis by which we are evaluated by industry analysts and investors; 
 48 

Table of Contents , 

 These measures are often used in management and Board of Directors' decision making analysis; 
 It improves a reader's ability to compare our results to those of other airlines; and 
 It is consistent with how we present information in our quarterly earnings press releases. 
 See table below for reconciliation between GAAP net income to adjusted net income, including per share amounts (in thousands unless otherwise indicated). The adjustments are described below: 
 CARES Act - carryback of additional NOLs . During the year ended December 31, 2020, the effective tax rate included a tax benefit of 45.4 million resulting from the rate differential between the prevailing tax rate of 21 during the years that generated the NOLs and the previous tax rate of 35 that was in effect during the years to which NOLs were carried back as a result of the enactment of the CARES Act. This benefit is attributed to the enactment of the CARES Act and we believe that exclusion of this tax benefit provides investors comparability of results between periods. 
 CBA related expense . In January 2022, we reached a tentative agreement with our IAM-M and IAM-C employees. In February 2022, employees represented by the IAM-M and IAM-C ratified a new CBA, which included a one-time signing bonus of 2.1 million, which was recorded in Wages and benefits during the first quarter of 2022. During the second quarter of 2022, we and the IAM completed a separation program under the CBA and recognized a 2.6 million one-time expense, which was recorded in Wages and benefits. 
 Government grant recognition . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized 320.6 million in contra-expense related to grant proceeds from the federal government's Payroll Support Programs as compared to 240.6 million recognized in 2020. The grant proceeds were recognized in proportion to estimated Wages and benefits expense over the period the grant covers. We utilized all proceeds under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs as of December 31, 2021. 
 Gain on sale of aircraft . During the second quarter of 2022, we sold three ATR-72 aircraft and recognized a 2.6 million gain on the transactions, which was recorded in Other operating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Changes in fair value of fuel derivative contracts . Changes in fair value of derivative contracts, net of tax, are based on market prices for open contracts as of the end of the reporting period. This adjustment includes the unrealized gains and losses on fuel and interest rate derivatives (not designated as hedges) that will settle in future periods and the reversal of prior period unrealized amounts. Excluding the impact of these derivative adjustments allows investors to analyze our core operational performance and compare our results to other airlines in the periods presented below. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt . Losses on the extinguishment of debt are excluded to allow investors to better analyze our core operational performance and more readily compare our results to other results in the periods presented below. 
 Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign debt . Change in unrealized losses (gains) on foreign debt are based on fluctuations in foreign exchanges rates related to foreign-denominated debt agreements to our functional currency. We believe that excluding the impact of these amounts helps investors analyze our operational performance and compare our results to other airlines in the periods presented below. 
 Unrealized loss (gain) on non-designated foreign exchange positions . Changes in fair value of foreign currency derivative contracts, net of tax, are based on market prices for open contracts as of the end of the reporting period. This adjustment includes the unrealized amounts of foreign currency derivatives (not designated as hedges) that will settle in future periods and the reversal of prior period unrealized amounts. We believe that excluding the impact of these derivative adjustments helps investors analyze our operational performance and compare our results to other airlines in the periods presented below. 
 Unrealized loss on investment securities. Unrealized loss on equity securities and gains on derivative instruments in our investment portfolio are driven by changes in market prices and currency fluctuations, which are recorded in Other nonoperating expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Special Items 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized approximately 184.1 million of Special items expense, comprised of the following: 
 During the first quarter of 2020, we recognized 126.9 million of Special items in the Consolidated Statements of Operation, comprised of the following: 
 49 

Table of Contents , 

 On April 3, 2020, we received notification from the AFA that the CBA was ratified by its members. The ratified CBA provided for, among other things, a ratification payment, payable over twelve months. We recorded a 23.5 million ratification bonus, of which 20.2 million related to service prior to January 1, 2020, and was recorded as a Special item. 
 We recognized a goodwill impairment charge of 106.7 million. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 During the second quarter of 2020, we recognized a charge of 34.0 million associated with the impairment of certain of our long-lived assets. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 During the third quarter of 2020, we announced and completed voluntary separation programs across each of our labor groups providing for one-time severance payments, the establishment of health reimbursement accounts and other benefits. Additionally, we announced involuntary separation programs, the majority of which were effective October 1, 2020. We recorded 17.5 million in severance and benefits as an operating special item and 5.7 million related to special termination benefits and curtailment loss as a Nonoperating special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded long-lived asset impairment of approximately 5.4 million, comprised of an additional write-down of our ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleet of approximately 4.9 million as a result of ongoing market uncertainty attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic. We also wrote off approximately 0.5 million in capitalized software projects that were permanently suspended in response to the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally, we recorded 0.3 million in additional costs for the finalization of the voluntary and involuntary separation programs discussed above. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized approximately 9.0 million of Special items expense, comprised of the following: 
 During the second quarter of 2021, we announced the termination of our 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which operated under a CPA with a third-party carrier. The asset group met the requirements for, and was reclassified as Held-for-Sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We fair valued the asset group resulting in the write-down of approximately 6.4 million. Additionally, we recorded an early termination charge associated with the CPA of approximately 2.6 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized approximately 18.8 million of Special items expense, comprised of the following: 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we estimated the fair value of our remaining ATR-42 and ATR-72 aircraft, using available market information and taking into consideration recent transactions, which resulted in the recognition of a 6.3 million impairment charge as a Special Item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into an MOU with its third-party service provider to early terminate its Amended CFS early. The Amended CFS was originally scheduled to run through December 2027, and will now terminate in April 2023. In connection with the MOU, the Company agreed to pay a total of 12.5 million in termination fees, which was recognized at execution as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 We believe that excluding such Special items helps investors analyze our operational performance and compare our results to other airlines in the periods presented below. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents , 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total Diluted Per Share Total Diluted Per Share Total Diluted Per Share (in thousands, except for per share data) GAAP net loss, as reported (240,081) (4.67) (144,773) (2.85) (510,935) (11.08) Adjusted for: CARES Act - carryback of additional NOLs (45,416) (0.99) CBA related expense 4,678 0.09 Special items 18,803 0.37 8,983 0.18 184,111 3.99 Government grant recognition (320,645) (6.32) (240,648) (5.22) Gain on sale of aircraft (2,578) (0.05) Changes in fair value of fuel derivative contracts 2,640 0.05 (382) (0.01) (2,105) (0.05) Loss on extinguishment of debt 8,568 0.17 38,889 0.77 Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign debt (26,196) (0.51) (27,593) (0.54) 14,759 0.32 Unrealized loss (gain) on non-designated foreign exchange positions (1,352) (0.03) 1,327 0.03 Unrealized loss on investment securities 24,949 0.49 Nonoperating special items 5,682 0.12 Tax effect of adjustments (1,242) (0.02) 63,441 1.25 42,252 0.92 Adjusted net loss (210,459) (4.08) (383,432) (7.55) (550,973) (11.96) 
 
 Operating Costs per Available Seat Mile (CASM) 
 
 We have separately listed in the table below our fuel costs per ASM and non-GAAP unit costs, excluding fuel and Special items. These amounts are included in CASM, but for internal purposes we consistently use cost metrics that exclude fuel and Special items (if applicable) to measure and monitor its costs. CASM and CASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items are summarized in the table below: Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except for CASM figures) GAAP operating expenses 2,851,321 1,679,148 1,492,424 Adjusted for: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery (817,077) (363,003) (161,363) CBA related expense (4,678) Special items (18,803) (8,983) (184,111) Government grant recognition 320,645 240,648 Gain on sale of aircraft 2,578 Adjusted operating expenses 2,013,341 1,627,807 1,387,598 Available Seat Miles 18,684,642 14,535,425 7,560,486 CASM GAAP 15.26 11.55 19.74 Adjusted for: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery (4.37) (2.50) (2.13) CBA related expense (0.02) Special items (0.10) (0.06) (2.44) Government grant recognition 2.21 3.18 Gain on sale of aircraft 0.01 CASM excluding fuel and non-recurring items 10.78 11.20 18.35 
 51 

Table of Contents , 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those accounting policies and accounting estimates that are reflective of significant judgments and uncertainties, and that potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Our most critical accounting policies and estimates are described below. See the summary of significant accounting policies included in Note 1 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of the application of these estimates and other accounting policies. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Passenger revenue. We record direct passenger ticket sales and tickets sold by other airlines for use on Hawaiian as passenger revenue when the transportation is provided or when scheduled flights for tickets are expected to expire unused. 
 
 The value of unused passenger tickets is included in current liabilities as Air traffic liability. Prior to the second quarter of 2020, non-refundable tickets sold and credits issued generally expired 13 months from the date of issuance or flight, as applicable. In April 2020, we announced the waiver of certain change fees and extended ticket validity for up to 24 months for (a) tickets issued between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and (b) tickets issued prior to March 1, 2020 for original travel between March 1, 2020 and February 28, 2021. In December 2021, we announced the further extension of ticket validity to December 31, 2022, which also included all Main Cabin and First Class passenger tickets purchased in 2021. We record an estimate of breakage revenue on the scheduled flight date for tickets that will expire unused. These estimates are based on the evaluation of actual historical results, available market information, forecasted trends and the extension of the expiration date for certain tickets impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. At December 31, 2022, 151.9 million of passenger tickets expired unused after the end of their extended validity dates. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized approximately 100.5 million and 51.4 million, respectively, in advanced ticket breakage related to these tickets. 
 
 Excluding tickets with extended validity dates, as discussed above, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized advanced breakage of 49.8 million, 48.3 million, and 12.8 million, respectively. Despite improvements in the industry and overall travel demand, the unflown rates continue to trend higher than historical metrics. The Company will continue to monitor customers' travel behavior and may adjust our estimates in the future. 
 
 The primary assumption utilized in our calculation of advanced ticket breakage involves an estimate of future breakage patterns, which is based on a combination of historical activity and expected customer behavior. A 10 change in this rate represents a change of approximately 5.0 million in advanced ticket breakage. 
 Frequent flyer revenue. HawaiianMiles, Hawaiian's frequent flyer travel award program, provides a variety of awards to program members based on accumulated mileage. ASC 606 requires us to account for miles earned by passengers in the HawaiianMiles program through flight activity as a component of the passenger revenue ticket transaction at the estimated selling price of the miles. Ticket consideration received is allocated between the performance obligations, primarily travel and miles earned by passengers. The allocated value of the miles is deferred until the free travel or other award is used by the passenger, at which time it is included in passenger revenue. The value of the ticket used in the determination of the estimated selling price is based on the historical value of equivalent flights to those provided for loyalty awards and the related miles redeemed to obtain that award adjusted for breakage or fulfillment. The equivalent ticket value (ETV) includes a fulfillment discount (breakage) to reflect the value of the award ticket over the number of miles that, based on historical experience, will be needed to obtain the award. On a quarterly basis, we calculate the ETV by analyzing the fares of similar tickets for the prior 12 months, considering cabin class and geographic region. 
 
 We also sell mileage credits to companies participating in our frequent flyer program. These contracts generally include multiple performance obligations, including the transportation that will ultimately be provided when the mileage credits are redeemed and marketing and brand related activities. 
 
 During the first quarter of 2018, we amended our partnership with Barclaycard US, Hawaiian's co-branded credit card partner. Management determined that the amendment should be accounted for as a termination of the existing contract and the creation of a new contract under ASC 606 and the relative selling price was determined for each performance obligation of the new agreement. The new agreement continues through 2024 and includes improved economics and enhanced product offerings for our Barclay's co-branded cardholders. The amended agreement did not change, and includes the following performance obligations; (i) transportation that will ultimately be provided when mileage credits are redeemed (transportation), (ii) the 
 52 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Airlines brand and access to its members lists (collectively, brand performance), (iii) marketing, and (iv) airline benefits to cardholders, including discounts and anniversary travel benefits, baggage waivers and inflight purchase credits. We determined the relative fair value of each performance obligation by estimating the selling prices of the deliverables by considering discounted cash flows using multiple inputs and assumptions, including: (1) the expected number of miles to be awarded and redeemed; (2) the estimated weighted average equivalent ticket value, adjusted by a fulfillment discount; (3) the estimated total annual cardholder spend; (4) an estimated royalty rate for the Hawaiian portfolio; and (5) the expected use of each of the airline benefits. The overall consideration received is allocated to the performance obligations based on their relative selling prices. 
 
 The transportation performance obligation is deferred and recognized as passenger revenue when the transportation is provided. The value to the financial institution is provided each time a new cardholder chooses the Hawaiian branded credit card and each time a cardholder chooses to use the co-branded credit card. Therefore, we recognize revenue for the brand performance obligation as members use their co-brand credit card and the resulting mileage credits are issued to them, which best correlates with our performance toward satisfying the obligation. 
 
 Accounting for frequent flyer revenue involves the use of various techniques to estimate revenue. To determine the total estimated transaction price, we forecast future credit card activity based on historical data. The relative selling price is determined using management's estimated standalone selling price of each performance obligation. The objective of using the estimated selling price based methodology is to determine the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a standalone basis. Accordingly, we determine our best estimate of selling price by considering multiple inputs and methods including, but not limited to, discounted cash flows, brand value, number of miles awarded and number of miles redeemed. We estimate the selling price of miles using an ETV adjusted for a fulfillment discount as described above. 
 
 In April 2021, we announced the elimination of our HawaiianMiles expiration policy, effective April 1, 2021. Prior to this change in policy, miles expired after 18 months of member account inactivity. We review our breakage estimates annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns (e.g., credit card and non-credit card holders). Our estimate of the expected expiration of miles requires significant management judgment. Current and future changes to expiration assumptions or to the expiration policy, or to program rules and program could affect the estimated value of a mile. Due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including changes to our ticket validity and exchange policies, management continues to monitor customers' travel behavior and may adjust its estimates in the future as additional information becomes available. The change in expiration policy did not have a material impact on our accounting estimates and will continue to evaluate the impact of this change as additional information becomes available. 
 
 Pension and Other Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits 
 
 The calculation of pension and other postretirement and postemployment benefit expenses and its corresponding liabilities require the use of significant assumptions, including the assumed discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, expected mortality rates of the plan participants, and the expected health care cost trend rate. Changes in these assumptions will impact the expense and liability amounts, and future actual experience may differ from these assumptions. 
 The significant assumptions as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 Pension: Discount rate to determine projected benefit obligation 5.58 Expected return on plan assets 6.06 Postretirement: Discount rate to determine projected benefit obligation 5.57 Expected return on plan assets N/A Expected health care cost trend rate: Initial 6.75 Ultimate 4.75 Years to reach ultimate trend rate 8 Disability: Discount rate to determine projected benefit obligation 5.52 Expected return on plan assets 4.35 
 53 

Table of Contents , 

 N/A Not Applicable 
 Expected return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic benefit expense for 2023 is 7.1 for the pension plans and 6.15 for the disability plan. 
 The expected long-term rate of return assumption is developed by evaluating input from the trustee managing the plans' assets, including the trustee's review of asset class return expectations by several consultants and economists, as well as long-term inflation assumptions. Our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on our goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining risk at acceptable levels. The Retirement Plan for Pilots of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the Pilot's Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association Disability and Survivor's Benefit Plan strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from any one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. We believe that our long-term asset allocation on average will approximate the targeted allocation. We periodically review our actual asset allocation and rebalance the pension plan's investments to our targeted allocation when considered appropriate. Pension expense increases as the expected rate of return on plan assets decreases. Lowering the expected long-term rate of return by 100 basis points will have the following effects on our estimated 2023 pension and disability benefit expense recorded in wages and benefits and nonoperating expense: 100 Basis Point Decrease (in millions) Increase in estimated 2023 pension expense 2.7 Increase in estimated 2023 disability benefit expense 0.4 
 We determine the appropriate discount rate for each of our plans based on current rates on high quality corporate bonds that would generate the cash flow necessary to pay plan benefits when due. The pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities and future expense both increase as the discount rate is reduced. Lowering the discount rate by 100 basis points would have the following effects: 
 100 Basis Point Decrease (in millions) Increase in pension obligation as of December 31, 2022 31.9 Increase in other postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 14.4 Decrease in estimated 2023 pension expense (operating and nonoperating) 0.2 Increase in estimated 2023 other postretirement benefit expense (operating and nonoperating) 1.5 
 The health care cost trend rate is based upon an evaluation of our historical trends and experience taking into account current and expected market conditions. Changes in the assumed current health care cost trend rate by year by 100 basis points would have the following annual effects: 
 100 Basis Point Increase (in millions) Increase in other postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 6.8 Increase in estimated 2023 other postretirement benefit expense (operating and nonoperating) 1.3 100 Basis Point Decrease (in millions) Decrease in other postretirement benefit obligation as of December 31, 2022 6.0 Increase in estimated 2023 other postretirement benefit expense (operating and nonoperating) 1.1 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 Our long-lived assets used in operations, consisting principally of aircraft and other non-aircraft equipment, are classified as property and equipment, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and have a carrying value of approximately 1.9 billion at December 31, 2022. We review long-lived assets used in operations for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying value. To determine whether impairment exists for aircraft used in operations, assets are grouped at the fleet-type level (the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows) and future cash flows are estimated based on projections of capacity, passenger mile yield, fuel costs, labor costs and other relevant 
 54 

Table of Contents , 

 factors. If, at any time, management determines the net carrying value of an asset is not recoverable, the amount is reduced to its fair value during the period in which such determination is made. Any changes in the estimated useful lives of these assets will be accounted for prospectively. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020 we identified indicators of impairment of our long-lived assets. During the second quarter of 2020, it was determined that the net carrying values of our ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleets and assets held under our commercial real estate subsidiary were not recoverable through the generation of future undiscounted cash flows as of June 30, 2020. We estimated the fair value of our ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleets using a third-party valuation, which takes into consideration market pricing information, among other factors, and resulted in a 27.5 million impairment charge. We estimated the fair value of our commercial real-estate entity using a combination of a market and income-based approach, which estimates fair value based upon projections of future revenues, expenses, and cash flows discounted to its present value, which resulted in a 3.4 million impairment charge. The principal assumptions used in our discounted cash flow analysis consisted of (a) the long-term projections of future financial performance and (b) the weighted-average cost of capital of market participants, adjusted for the risk attributable to us and the industry in which we operate. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded impairment of 6.3 million, 6.4 million, and 39.4 million, respectively as follows: 
 In the fourth quarter of 2020, we recorded long-lived asset impairment of approximately 5.4 million, comprised of an additional write-down of our ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleet of 4.9 million as a result of ongoing market uncertainty attributed to the COVID-19 pandemic. We also wrote off of approximately 0.5 million in capitalized software projects that were permanently suspended in response to the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In the second quarter of 2021, we announced the termination of our 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which utilizes the ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleet, and was operated under a CPA with a third-party carrier. Following the termination of the operations, which were temporarily suspended in late 2020, management committed to a plan of sale and wrote-down the related assets by approximately 6.4 million to fair value, less cost to sell, and classified approximately 23.4 million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2021, management committed to a plan to sell certain commercial real-estate assets held by one of the Company's subsidiaries. Management fair valued the assets, less the cost to sell, which did not result in a write-down to the asset group, and as of December 31, 2021, reclassified approximately 6.1 million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management expects to complete the sale of the above referenced assets within the upcoming 12 months, and will continue to monitor the asset groups for potential impairment. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company sold three ATR-72 aircraft and recognized a 2.6 million gain on the transactions, which was recorded in Other operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of its remaining ATR-42 and ATR-73 aircraft, using available market information and in consideration of recent transactions, which resulted in the recognition of a 6.3 million impairment charge, which was recorded as a Special item in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 The Company estimated the fair value of its ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleets using a third-party valuation, available market information, and consideration of recent transactions and estimated the fair value of the assets held in its commercial real-estate subsidiary using a combination of a market and income-based approach, which estimates fair value based upon projections of future revenues, expenses, and cash flows discounted to its present value. The principal assumptions used in the Company's discounted cash flow analysis consisted of (a) the long-term projections of future financial performance and (b) the weighted-average cost of capital of market participants, adjusted for the risk attributable to the Company and the industry in which it operates. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 We are subject to market risk exposure related to commodity (fuel) prices, interest rates, and foreign currency exchange rates. The adverse effects of potential changes in these market risks are discussed below. In an effort to manage our exposure to these risks, we may enter into derivative contracts from time to time and may revise our derivative portfolio as market conditions change. 
 The sensitivity analyses presented do not consider the effects that such adverse changes may have on overall economic activity nor do they consider additional a ctions we might undertake to mitigate our exposure to such changes. Actual results may differ. 
 Aircraft Fuel 
 Aircraft fuel costs constitute a significant portion of our operating expense and changes in fuel prices could materially impact the results of operations. Fuel expense represented 29 of our operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents , 

 Approxim ately 62 of our fuel was purchased based on Singapore jet fuel prices, 31 was purchased based on U.S. West Coast jet fuel prices, and 7 on other j et fuel prices. We periodically enter into derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to changes in the price of jet fuel. As of December 31, 2022, we hedged approximately 21 of our projected fuel requirements for 2023. Based on gallons expected to be consumed in 2023, for every one cent increase in the cost of a gallon of jet fuel, our fuel expense would result in approximately 2.8 million in additional annual fuel expense. 
 Interest Rates 
 Our exposure to market risk associated with changes in interest rates is primarily associated with our debt obligations. At December 31, 2022, we h ad 1.6 billion of fixed-ra te and no variable-rate debt. Market risk associated with our fixed rate long-term debt relates to the potential reduction in fair value from an increase in interest rates. An increase of 100 basis points in average annual interest rates would have decreased the estimated fair value of our fixed-rate long-term debt by 40.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Foreign Currency 
 We have exposure to market risk associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates because we generate sales, incur expenses, and have debt denominated and paid in foreign currencies, predominantly in Japanese Yen and to a lesser extent, the Australian Dollar. 
 To manage exchange rate risk, we transact our international sales and expenditures in the same foreign currency, to the extent practical. Additionally, our Yen denominated debt serves as a natural hedge against the volatility of exchange rates against cash inflows. We also have an established foreign currency derivative program, where we periodically enter into foreign currency forward contracts. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any open derivative instruments designated for hedge accounting. We estimate that a 10 depreciation or appreciation in the U.S. dollar, relative to the Japanese Yen and Australian Dollar, would result in a change in annual pretax income of approxima te ly 36.3 million. 
 56 

Table of Contents , 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 61 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 64 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

57 

Table of Contents , 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents , 

 Calculation and recognition of air traffic liability breakage Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s Air traffic liability (excluding frequent flyer) was 424.6 million, for which tickets sold generally expire thirteen months from the date of issuance or the scheduled flight date, according to the Company s policy. As discussed in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records an estimate of breakage revenue in proportion to the pattern of rights exercised by related passengers (e.g., scheduled departure dates) for tickets that will expire unused based on actual historical results and forecasted trends. 
 
 Auditing the estimate of breakage revenue was complex and highly judgmental due to significant judgments required in determining the breakage rate to be applied to tickets. The estimate is more complex due to the continually evolving travel market and recent changes to the Company s expiration policies. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s determination of the significant underlying assumptions and data inputs used in the model. 
 
 To test the estimated breakage rates, our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology, significant assumptions, and underlying data utilized by the Company. We evaluated the methodology and significant assumptions applied by management in their calculation of breakage for consistency with prior reporting periods and appropriateness based on the applicable accounting framework. We compared the forecasted usage data to recent actual results and evaluated the sensitivity of the breakage revenue caused by variations in the forecasted data. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1999. 

February 15, 2023 
 59 

Table of Contents , 

Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands, except per share data) Operating Revenue: Passenger Other Total Operating Expenses: Wages and benefits Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery Aircraft rent Maintenance materials and repairs Aircraft and passenger servicing Commissions and other selling Depreciation and amortization Other rentals and landing fees Purchased services Special items Government grant recognition ) ) Other Total Operating Loss ) ) ) Nonoperating Income (Expense): Other nonoperating special items ) Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) ) Interest and dividend income Capitalized interest Other components of net periodic benefit cost, excluding settlements Gains (losses) on fuel derivatives ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net ) Gains (losses) on foreign debt ) Other, net ) Total ) ) ) Loss Before Income Taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) Net Loss Per Common Stock Share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted Average Number of Common Stock Shares Outstanding: Basic Diluted Cash Dividends Declared Per Common Share 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 For the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net Loss ) ) ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), net: Net change related to employee benefit plans, net of tax expense of for 2022, net of tax expense of for 2021, and net of tax benefit of for 2020 
 ) Net change in derivative instruments, net of tax benefit of for 2020 
 ) Net change in available-for-sale investments, net of tax benefit of for 2022, net of tax benefit of for 2021, and net of tax expense of for 2020 
 ) ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ) ) Total Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents , 

Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 2022 2021 (in thousands, except share data) ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net Income taxes receivable Spare parts and supplies, net Prepaid expenses and other Total Property and equipment, net Other Assets: Assets held for sale Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term prepayments and other Intangible assets, net Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Air traffic liability and current frequent flyer deferred revenue Other accrued liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt, less discount Current maturities of finance lease obligations Current maturities of operating leases Total Long-Term Debt Other Liabilities and Deferred Credits: Noncurrent finance lease obligations Noncurrent operating leases Accumulated pension and other postretirement benefit obligations Other liabilities and deferred credits Noncurrent frequent flyer deferred revenue Deferred tax liability, net Total Commitments and Contingent Liabilities Shareholders' Equity: Special preferred stock, par value per share, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Common stock, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated income Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Total Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 For the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 Common Stock( Special Preferred Stock( Capital In Excess of Par Value Accumulated Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total (in thousands) Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Net Loss ) ) Dividends declared on common stock ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Repurchase and retirement of shares common stock 
 ) ) ) CARES Act warrant issuance, net of tax Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares of common stock related to At-the-market offering 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net Loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Issuance of shares of common stock, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) CARES Act warrant issuance, net of tax Share-based compensation expense Issuance of shares of common stock related to At-the-market offering 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net Loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of shares of common stock, net of shares withheld for taxes 
 ) ) Amazon warrant issuance Share-based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 ) par value; authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net Loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Deferred income taxes, net ) ) ) Goodwill impairment Impairment of assets Stock compensation Loss on contract termination Loss on extinguishment of debt Amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs Employer contributions to pension and other postretirement plans ) ) ) Pension and postretirement benefit cost Special termination benefits and curtailment loss Change in unrealized (gain) loss on fuel derivative contracts ) ) Change in unrealized loss on investments Foreign currency debt remeasurement (gain) loss ) ) Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Income taxes receivable ) Spare parts and supplies, net ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Air traffic liability ) ) Other accrued liabilities ) Frequent flyer deferred revenue Other assets and liabilities, net Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Additions to property and equipment, including pre-delivery deposits ) ) ) Proceeds from purchase assignment and sale leaseback transactions Proceeds from disposition of equipment Purchases of investments ) ) ) Sales of investments Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Dividend payments ) Repurchases of common stock ) Debt issuance costs and discounts ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Beginning of Year Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash End of Year 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents , 

 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 

65 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Pre-delivery deposits on flight equipment Other property and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 Estimated useful lives and residual values of property and equipment are as follows: Boeing 717-200 aircraft and engines - years, - residual value 
 Airbus A330-200 aircraft and engines years, residual value 
 Airbus A321neo aircraft and engines years, residual value 
 Flight and ground equipment under finance lease Shorter of lease term or useful life Major rotable parts Average lease term or useful life for related aircraft, - residual value 
 Improvements to leased flight equipment and the cargo maintenance hangar Shorter of lease term or useful life Facility leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term, including assumed lease renewals when renewal is economically compelled at key airports, or useful life Furniture, fixtures and other equipment - years, residual value 
 Capitalized software - years, residual value 
 
 Additions and modifications that significantly enhance the operating performance and/or extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized and depreciated over the lesser of the remaining useful life of the asset or the remaining lease term, as applicable. Expenditures that do not improve or extend asset lives are charged to expense as incurred. Pre-delivery deposits are capitalized when paid. 
 Aircraft under finance leases are recorded at an amount equal to the present value of minimum lease payments utilizing the Company's incremental borrowing rate at lease inception and amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the remaining useful life of the aircraft or the lease term. The amortization is recorded in depreciation and amortization expense on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Accumulated amortization of aircraft and other finance leases was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The net book value of computer software, which is included in Other property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The value of construction in progress, primarily consisting of aircraft and software-related projects in 2022 and 2021, which is included in property and equipment on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense related to computer software was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 additional cost, subject to certain specified exclusions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately and million, respectively, in prepayments to one of its power-by-the-hour vendors. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 reporting unit was less than its carrying value and that the deficit between fair value and the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeded the amount of goodwill on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets, leading to the recognition of a goodwill impairment charge of million in the first quarter of 2020. Fair value was determined using a combination of an income approach, which estimates fair value based upon projections of future revenues, expenses, and cash flows discounted to its present value, and a market approach. The valuation methodology and underlying financial information included in the Company's determination of fair value required significant judgments by management. The principal assumptions used in the Company's discounted cash flow analysis consisted of (a) the long-term projections of future financial performance and (b) the weighted-average cost of capital of market participants, adjusted for the risk attributable to the Company and the industry in which it operates. Under the market approach, the principal assumption included an estimate for a control premium. 
 million in indefinite-lived intangible assets subject to impairment. The Company assesses its indefinite-lived assets under a qualitative approach, analyzing market factors to determine if events and circumstances have affected the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets. 
 billion at December 31, 2022. Long-lived assets are tested for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the assets might be impaired and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than their carrying amount. To determine whether impairment exists for aircraft used in 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, million, and million, respectively, as follows: 
 In 2020, the Company recorded impairment of million related to its ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleet, assets held under its commercial real estate subsidiary, and software-related projects that were discontinued as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 In 2021, the Company announced the termination of its 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which operated the ATR-42 and ATR-72 aircraft under a capacity purchase agreement with a third-party carrier. Following the termination of the operations, management committed to a plan of sale and wrote down the related assets by approximately million to fair value, less cost to sell, and reclassified approximately million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, in the second quarter of 2021, management committed to a plan to sell certain commercial real-estate assets held by one of the Company's subsidiaries. Management fair valued the assets, less the cost to sell, which did not result in a write-down to the asset group, and reclassified approximately million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In 2022, the Company recorded impairment of million on its remaining ATR-42 and ATR-72 aircraft, using available market information and taking into consideration recent transactions. 

See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion. 
 months from the date of issuance or flight, as applicable. In April 2020, the Company announced the waiver of certain change fees and extended ticket validity for up to months for (a) tickets issued between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and (b) tickets issued prior to March 1, 2020 for original travel between March 1, 2020 and February 28, 2021. In December 2021, the Company announced the further extension of ticket validity for eligible tickets impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including all Main Cabin and First Class passenger tickets purchased in 2021, to December 31, 2022. The Company records an estimate of breakage revenue on the scheduled flight date for tickets that will expire unused. To calculate the portion to be recognized as revenue in the period, the Company utilizes historical information, available market information, forecasted trends, and the extension of the ticket validity date for those tickets impacted by COVID-19 and applies the estimated spoilage rate to passenger revenues for each specific period. Given the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on actual results, the Company continues to monitor customers' travel behavior and may adjust its estimates in the future. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, million and million, respectively in ticket change fee revenue related to tickets sold prior to the policy change. 
 Certain governmental taxes are imposed on the Company's ticket sales through a fee included in ticket prices. The Company collects these fees and remits them to the appropriate government agency. Management has elected (via a practical expedient election) to exclude from the measurement of the transaction price all taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction and collected from a customer, e.g., sales, use, value added, and certain excise taxes. These fees have been presented on a net basis in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and recorded as a liability until remitted. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 months of member account inactivity. The Company reviews its breakage estimates, which impacts ETV and loyalty recognition patterns, annually based upon the latest available information regarding redemption and expiration patterns (e.g., credit card and non-credit card holders). The Company's estimate of the expected expiration of miles requires management judgment. Current and future changes to expiration assumptions or to the expiration policy, or to program rules and program could affect the estimated value of a mile. Management continues to monitor customers' travel behavior, changes in policies, and other factors, and may adjust its estimates in the future as additional information becomes available. 
 
 million and million, respectively. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, expenses related to these costs totaled to million, million, and million, respectively. To determine the amount to capitalize and expense at the end of each period, the Company uses historical sales data and estimates the amount associated with unflown tickets. 
 
 Advertising expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

71 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 2. 
 ) Passenger revenue Foreign currency derivative gains ) Nonoperating income (expense), other, net Total before tax ) Tax expense Total, net of tax ) Amortization of defined benefit pension items Actuarial loss Nonoperating income (expense), other, net Prior service cost Nonoperating income (expense), other, net Special termination benefits Other nonoperating special items Curtailment loss Other nonoperating special items Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) ) Total, net of tax Short-term investments Realized gain on sales of investments ) ) ) Gains (losses) on investments, net Realized loss on sales of investments, net Gains (losses) on investments, net Total before tax ) ) Tax expense ) Total, net of tax ) ) Total reclassifications for the period) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Ending balance ) ) ) 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Ending balance ) ) ) 

3. 
 and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Unvested warrant shares held by Amazon have not been included in the computation as their performance condition has not yet been satisfied. As of December 31, 2022, the unvested Amazon warrant shares excluded from antidilutive shares were . Refer to Note 14 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion.) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Dilutive effect of share-based awards and warrants Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted Net Loss Per Common Stock Share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 
 4. 

73 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 significant line of business (i.e., air transportation), management has concluded that it has only segment. Pacific Total operating revenue 
 Hawaiian attributes operating revenue by geographic region based on the destination of each flight segment. Hawaiian's tangible assets consist primarily of flight equipment, which are mobile across geographic markets, and, therefore, have not been allocated to specific geographic regions. Domestic revenue includes the company's North America and Interisland operations. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, North America routes accounted for approximately , and of domestic revenue, respectively. 
 Other operating revenue consists of cargo revenue, ground handling fees, commissions, and fees earned under certain joint marketing agreements with other companies. 
 Frequent flyer revenue, transportation component Passenger Revenue Other revenue (e.g. cargo and other miscellaneous) Frequent flyer revenue, marketing and brand component Other Revenue 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company's total revenue was billion, billion, and billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's Air traffic liability balance as it relates to passenger tickets (excluding frequent flyer) was million and million, respectively, which represents . 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the amount of revenue recognized that was included in Air traffic liability as of the beginning of the respective period was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Prior to the second quarter of 2020, non-refundable tickets sold and credits issued generally expired months from the date of issuance or scheduled flight, as applicable. In April 2020, the Company announced the waiver of certain change fees and extended ticket validity for up to months for (a) tickets issued between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and (b) tickets issued prior to March 1, 2020 for original travel between March 1, 2020 and February 28, 2021. In December 2021, the Company announced the further extension of ticket validity to December 31, 2022, which also included all Main Cabin and First Class passenger tickets purchased in 2021. The Company records an estimate of breakage revenue on the scheduled flight date for tickets that will expire unused. These estimates are based on the evaluation of actual historical results, available market information, forecasted trends and the extension of the expiration date for certain tickets impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of passenger tickets expired unused after receiving extended validity dates throughout the past two years. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately million and million, respectively, in advanced ticket breakage related to these tickets. 
 
 Excluding tickets with extended validity dates, as discussed above, the Company recognized advanced breakage of million, million, and million, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Despite improvements in the industry and overall travel demand, the unflown rates continue to have higher than normal volatility in comparison to historical trends. The Company will continue to monitor customers' travel behavior and may adjust its estimates in the future. 
 Frequent Flyer 
 The Company's frequent flyer liability is recorded in Air traffic liability (short-term) and Noncurrent frequent flyer deferred revenue in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet based on estimated and expected redemption patterns using historical data and analysis. 
 
 Noncurrent frequent flyer deferred revenue Total frequent flyer liability 
 
 Miles awarded Travel miles redeemed (Passenger Revenue) ) ) Non-travel miles redeemed (Other Revenue) ) ) Total Frequent flyer liability - ending balance 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 5. 
 ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Other fixed income securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Bank notes ) Derivatives ) Equity securities ) Other investments measured at net asset value ) Total short-term investments ) 
 December 31, 2021 
 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (in thousands) Debt securities Corporate debt securities ) U.S. government and agency securities ) Other fixed income securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Collateralized loan obligations ) Bank notes ) Derivatives ) Equity securities ) Other investments measured at net asset value ) Total short-term investments ) 
 The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses by security type and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position: 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) ) U.S. government and agency debt ) ) ) Other fixed income securities ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) ) Bank notes ) ) Other investments measured at net asset value ) ) ) ) ) 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total December 31, 2021 Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses (in thousands) Debt securities Corporate debt ) ) ) U.S. government and agency debt ) ) ) Other fixed income securities ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized loan obligations ) ) Bank notes ) ) Other investments measured at net asset value ) ) ) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company's unrealized losses from debt securities were generated from positions out of positions and positions out of positions, respectively. 
 Debt securities in a continuous unrealized loss position for twelve months or greater as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were primarily attributable to changes in interest rates, relative to when the investment securities were purchased. The Company does not intend to sell any of these investments and it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell any of these investments before recovery of the entire amortized cost basis, which may be at maturity. Accordingly, the Company has determined that the unrealized losses on our debt securities as of December 31, 2022 were temporary in nature. 
 
 The Company has also evaluated its debt securities and did not recognize any significant credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unrealized losses on equity securities were million and million, respectively. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 U.S. government and agency securities Other fixed income securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Bank notes Total debt securities 

6. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Restricted cash Short-term investments Debt securities Corporate debt securities U.S. government and agency securities Other fixed income securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Bank notes Derivatives Equity securities Other investments measured at net asset value Total short-term investments Other Assets Assets held for sale Crude oil call options Total assets measured at fair value 
 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Debt securities Corporate debt securities U.S. government and agency securities Other fixed income securities Asset-backed securities Collateralized loan obligations Bank notes Derivatives Equity securities Other investments measured at net asset value Total short-term investments Assets held-for-sale Total assets measured at fair value 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million was held in the controlled account designated for debt servicing and was classified as restricted cash on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Short-term investments. The Company's Level 1 short-term investments consist of equity mutual funds, which are valued based on a market approach using prices generated by market transactions involving identical assets. Level 2 short-term investments consist of corporate debt securities, U.S. government and agency securities, other fixed income securities, asset-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, bank notes, equity securities, and derivative instruments as further discussed in Note 5 , which are valued based on a market approach using industry standard valuation techniques that incorporate inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets, interest rates, benchmark curves, credit ratings, and other observable inputs or market data. Certain asset-backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, and private bank notes that are not readily marketable are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy and valued using certain unobservable inputs including future cash flows and discount rates. 
 
 Purchases Proceeds from sale ) ) Redemptions and paydowns ) ) ) ) Amortization and accretion, net ) Realized and unrealized gains (losses), net ) ) ) ) Ending balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Other investments at net asset value (NAV) . In accordance with relevant accounting standards, certain investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in the table above are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the statement of financial position. The investments measured using NAV are investments in a partnership for which a secondary market does not exist. Investments in the partnership are carried at estimated net asset value as determined by and reported by the general partners of the partnerships and represent the proportionate share of the estimated fair value of the underlying assets of the limited partnerships. The Company can redeem its shares upon approval by the respective partnerships' managing member. 
 
 Fuel derivative contracts. The Company uses derivatives to manage risks associated with certain assets and liabilities arising from the potential adverse impact of fluctuations in global fuel prices. The Company s operations are inherently dependent upon the price and availability of aircraft fuel. To manage economic risks associated with fluctuations in aircraft fuel prices, the Company periodically enters into derivative financial instruments. Any changes in fair value of these derivative instruments are adjusted through other nonoperating income (expense) in the period of change. The Company s fuel derivative contracts consist of crude oil call options, which are not traded on a public exchange. The fair value of these instruments is determined based on inputs available or derived from public markets including contractual terms, market prices, yield curves, and measures of volatility, among others. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Additions Proceeds from sale ) ) Impairment charge ) ) Realized gains Realized losses ) ) Ending balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair value estimates of the Company's debt were based on the discounted amount of future cash flows using the Company's current incremental rate of borrowing for similar obligations. 
 The carrying amounts of cash, other receivables, and accounts payable approximate fair value due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments. 

7. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) ) ) Prior period unrealized amounts Unrealized gains (losses) that will settle in future periods ) ) Gains (losses) on fuel derivatives recorded as nonoperating income (expense) ) ) 
 Investment Portfolio Management 
 The Company's investment managers use a combination of derivative instruments (swaps, futures, options and forward contracts) to manage risk associated with its investment portfolio, including the volatility in interest rates and currency exchange rates on foreign denominated debt securities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's derivative positions reflected a net asset position of million and million within the portfolio. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized net realized and unrealized gain of million and million, respectively, through Nonoperating income (expense). During the year ended December 31, 2020, realized and unrealized gains and losses were recognized through nonoperating income (expense). 
 gallons 
 December 2023 Foreign currency derivatives Short-term investments European Dollars 
 March 2025 ) Interest rate contracts Short-term investments US Dollars 
 March 2026 ) 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not hold any derivative positions. 
 Risk and Collateral 
 The financial derivative instruments expose the Company to possible credit loss in the event the counterparties to the agreements fail to meet their obligations. To manage such credit risks, the Company (1) selects its counterparties based on past experience and credit ratings, (2) limits its exposure to any single counterparty, and (3) periodically monitors the market position and credit rating of each counterparty. Credit risk is deemed to have a minimal impact on the fair value of the derivative instruments as cash collateral would be provided to or by the counterparties based on the current market exposure of the derivative. 
 The Company's agreements with its counterparties also require the posting of cash collateral in the event the aggregate value of the Company's positions exceeds certain exposure thresholds. The aggregate fair value of the Company's derivative instruments that contain credit-risk related contingent features was in a net asset position of million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 ASC 815 requires a reporting entity to elect a policy of whether to offset rights to reclaim cash collateral or obligations to return cash collateral against derivative assets and liabilities executed with the same counterparty under a master netting agreement, or present such amounts on a gross basis. The Company's accounting policy is to present its derivative assets and liabilities on a net basis, including any collateral posted with the counterparty. The Company had collateral posted with its counterparties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 The Company is also subject to market risk in the event these financial instruments become less valuable in the market. However, changes in the fair value of the derivative instruments will generally offset the change in the fair value of the hedged item, limiting the Company's overall exposure. 
 
 8. 
 , semiannual principal and interest payments, remaining balance due at maturity in January 2026 
 Class B EETC-13, fixed interest rate of , semiannual principal and interest payments 
 Japanese Yen denominated financing, fixed interest rate of , quarterly principal and interest payments, remaining balance due at maturity in May 2030 
 Japanese Yen denominated financing, fixed interest rate of , semiannual principal and interest payments, remaining balance due at maturity in June 2030 
 Japanese Yen denominated financing, fixed interest rate of , quarterly principal and interest payments, remaining balance due at maturity in March 2025 
 Japanese Yen denominated financing, fixed interest rate of , semiannual principal and interest payments, remaining balance due at maturity in September 2031 
 Class A EETC-20, fixed interest rate of , semiannual principal and interest payments 
 Class B EETC-20, fixed interest rate of , semiannual principal and interest payments 
 CARES Act Payroll Support Program, fixed interest rate of for the first through fifth years and variable interest of SOFR plus a margin of for the sixth year through maturity, semiannual interest payments, principal balance due at maturity in April 2030 through September 2030 
 Payroll Support Program Extension, fixed interest rate of for the first through fifth years and variable interest of SOFR plus a margin of for the sixth year through maturity, semiannual interest payments, principal balance due at maturity in March 2031 through April 2031 
 Payroll Support Program 3, fixed interest rate of for the first through fifth years and variable interest of SOFR plus a margin of for the sixth year through maturity, semiannual interest payments, principal balance due at maturity in June 2031 
 Loyalty Program Financing, fixed interest of , quarterly interest payments, principal balance due at maturity in January 2026 
 Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-Term Debt, less discount 
 
 Enhanced Equipment Trust Certificates (EETC) 
 
 In 2013, Hawaiian consummated an EETC financing, whereby it created pass-through trusts, each of which issued pass-through certificates. The proceeds of the issuance of the pass-through certificates were used to purchase equipment notes issued by the Company to fund a portion of the purchase price for Airbus aircraft, all of which were delivered in 2013 and 2014. The equipment notes are secured by a lien on the aircraft, and the payment obligations of Hawaiian under the equipment notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. The Company issued the equipment notes to the trusts as aircraft were delivered to Hawaiian. Hawaiian received all proceeds from the pass-through trusts by 2014 and recorded the debt obligation upon issuance of the equipment notes rather than upon the initial issuance of the pass-through certificates. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million offering of Class A and B pass-through certificates, Series 2020-1 utilizing a pass through trust (the 2020-1 EETC). The terms of the loans had a final maturity date of September 2027 and September 2025, at fixed installment coupon rates of and , respectively. The 2020-1 EETC was secured by A330-200 aircraft and A321-200neo aircraft. 
 
 The Company evaluated whether the pass-through trusts formed are variable interest entities (VIEs) required to be consolidated by the Company under applicable accounting guidance, and determined that the pass-through trusts are VIEs. The Company determined that it does not have a variable interest in the pass-through trusts. Neither the Company nor Hawaiian invested in or obtained a financial interest in the pass-through trusts. Rather, Hawaiian has an obligation to make interest and principal payments on the equipment notes held by the pass-through trusts, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. Neither the Company nor Hawaiian intends to have any voting or non-voting equity interest in the pass-through trusts or to absorb variability from the pass-through trusts. Based on this analysis, the Company determined that it is not required to consolidate the pass-through trusts. 
 
 In October 2021, the Company repurchased approximately million of its outstanding Series 2020-1A Pass Through Certificates due 2027 and Series 2020-1B Pass Through Certificates due 2025. The Company paid a premium on the repurchase, which resulted in the recognition of a loss on the extinguishment of debt of million reflected as nonoperating income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 In January 2022, the Company made the final scheduled principal payment of million for its Class B EETC-13 debt obligation. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company repurchased the remaining million of outstanding Series 2020-1A and Series 2020-1B Equipment Notes. The repurchase resulted in the recognition of a loss on extinguishment of debt of million during the year ended December 31, 2022, which is reflected in the nonoperating income (expense), Loss on extinguishment of debt line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Foreign Denominated Financing 
 
 In 2018, the Company entered into Japanese Yen denominated financings with a total value of approximately million billion), collateralized by the aircraft financed with a net book value of million. Each financing is for a term of years with quarterly or semiannual principal and interest payments, respectively, at fixed installment coupon rates of and , respectively. 
 
 In 2019, the Company entered into Japanese Yen denominated agreements totaling million billion), which were collateralized through a combination of A321neo and A330-200 aircraft with a net book value of approximately million. The terms of the loans are years and years, at fixed installment coupon rates of and , respectively. 
 
 At each balance sheet date, the Company remeasures the outstanding principal balance at the spot rate for the respective period and records any gain or loss at the current rate within the other nonoperating income (expense) line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded foreign currency unrealized gains of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 In March 2020, the Company drew down million in revolving loans pursuant to its Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the Credit Agreement) dated December 11, 2018. In February 2021, the Company repaid the million outstanding amount drawn on its revolving credit facility. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Credit and Guarantee Agreement (the Revolving Credit Facility). The Revolving Credit Facility has an aggregate principal amount not to exceed million and matures in December 2025. The Company may, from time to time, grant liens on certain eligible account receivables, aircraft, spare engines, ground support equipment and route authorities, as well as cash and certain cash equivalents, in order to secure its outstanding obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility. Indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility will bear interest, at a per annum rate based on, at the Company's option: (1) a variable rate equal to the Secured overnight financing rate plus a margin of ; or (2) Alternate base rate (as defined in the Revolving Credit Facility) plus a margin of . The Revolving Credit 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million in liquidity, as defined under the Credit Agreement. In the event that the requirement is not met, or other customary conditions are not satisfied, the due date of the revolving loans may be accelerated. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has million undrawn and available under its revolving credit facility. 
 
 Payroll Support Program Loans 
 
 The Company participated in the initial PSP, the PSP Extension, and the PSP3. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company received million in payroll support payments. The support payments included total grants of million that were recognized as a contra-expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Payroll Support Program Extension Payroll Support Program 3 Total 
 
 Payroll Support Program. In April 2020, the Company entered into a Payroll Support Program agreement (the PSP Agreement) with the U.S. Department of Treasury (the Treasury) under the CARES Act. Pursuant to the PSP Agreement, the Treasury provided the Company with financial assistance, paid in installments, totaling approximately million. The Company issued a promissory note to the Treasury (the PSP Note) for approximately million and agreed to issue to the Treasury a total of warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock at an exercise price of per share (the PSP Warrants) pursuant to the PSP Agreement. The PSP Warrants are non-voting, freely transferable, may be settled as net shares or in cash at the Company's option, expire from the date of issuance, and contain registration rights and customary anti-dilution provisions. The Company recorded the value of the PSP Note and the PSP Warrants on a relative fair value basis as million in noncurrent debt and million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 Payroll Support Program Extension. In January 2021, the Company entered into a PSP extension agreement (the PSP Extension Agreement) and contemporaneously entered into a warrant agreement (the Warrant Extension Agreement) with the Treasury and issued a promissory note to the Treasury (the PSP Extension Note). During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company received a total of million in financial assistance, to be used exclusively for continuing to pay employee salaries, wages and benefits, including the payment of lost wages, salaries and benefits to certain returning employees as defined in the PSP Extension Agreement. These support payments consisted of million in a grant and million in an unsecured -year low interest loan, and as compensation to the U.S. government, and pursuant to the Warrant Extension Agreement, the Company issued warrants to the Treasury to purchase up to a total of shares of its common stock at an exercise price of per share (the PSP Extension Warrants). The PSP Extension Warrants are non-voting, freely transferable, may be settled as net shares or in cash at the Company's option, expire from the date of issuance, and contain registration rights and customary anti-dilution provisions. The Company recorded the value of the PSP Extension Note and the PSP Extension Warrants on a relative fair value basis as million in noncurrent debt and million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 Payroll Support Program 3 . In April 2021, the Company entered into a Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement with the Treasury (PSP3 Agreement), a promissory note (the PSP3 Note), and a Warrant Agreement (the PSP3 Warrant Agreement). The PSP3 Agreement extends (i) the prohibition on conducting involuntary employee layoffs or furloughs through September 2021 or the date on which assistance provided under the agreement is exhausted, whichever is later, (ii) the prohibitions on share repurchases and dividends through September 2022, and (iii) the limitations on executive compensation through April 1, 2023. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company received million in payroll support payments under the PSP3 Agreement, consisting of million in a grant and million in an unsecured -year low interest loan. As compensation to the U.S. government, and pursuant to the PSP3 Warrant Agreement, the Company issued warrants to the 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 shares of its common stock at an exercise of per share (the PSP3 Warrants). The terms of the PSP3 Note and PSP3 Warrants are consistent with those of the original PSP and the first PSP Extension. The Company recorded the value of the PSP3 Note and the PSP3 Warrants on a relative fair value basis as million in noncurrent debt and million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 Economic Relief Program 
 
 In 2020, the Company entered into and subsequently amended and restated its Loan Agreement with the Treasury (Amended and Restated Loan Agreement), which increased the maximum facility available to be borrowed by the Company to million. As of September 30, 2020, the Company borrowed million under the ERP and may, at its option, borrow additional amounts in up to subsequent borrowings until March 26, 2021. The Company recorded the value of the loan and the ERP Warrants on a relative fair value basis as million in noncurrent debt and million in additional paid in capital, respectively. 
 
 On February 4, 2021, the Company repaid in full the million loan under the ERP, and in connection with this repayment, terminated the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. The debt extinguishment resulted in the recognition of a loss of million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, which is reflected in nonoperating income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The warrants issued under the ERP Warrant Agreement remain outstanding pursuant to its terms. 
 
 Loyalty Program and Intellectual Property Financing 
 
 In February 2021, the Company completed the private offering (the Notes Offering) by Hawaiian Brand Intellectual Property, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (the Brand Issuer), and HawaiianMiles Loyalty, Ltd., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (the Loyalty Issuer and, together with the Brand Issuer, the Issuers) of an aggregate of billion principal amount of their senior secured notes due 2026 (the Notes). The Notes require interest only payments, payable quarterly in arrears on July 20, October 20, January 20 and April 20 of each year, which began on July 20, 2021. 
 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by (i) Hawaiian Finance 1 Ltd., a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (HoldCo 1), (ii) Hawaiian Finance 2 Ltd., a direct subsidiary of HoldCo 1 and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian (HoldCo 2 and, together with HoldCo 1, the Cayman Guarantors), (iii) Hawaiian and (iv) Holdings (Holdings, together with Hawaiian, the Parent Guarantors and the Parent Guarantors, together with the Cayman Guarantors, the Guarantors). The Notes were issued pursuant to the Indenture, among the Issuers, the Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, collateral custodian. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Notes, Hawaiian contributed to the Brand Issuer, which is a newly-formed subsidiary structured to be bankruptcy remote, all worldwide rights, owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Hawaiian or any of its subsidiaries, in and to all intellectual property, including all trademarks, service marks, brand names, designs, and logos that include the word "Hawaiian" or any successor brand and the "hawaiianairlines.com" domain name and similar domain names or any successor domain names (the Brand IP). The Brand Issuer indirectly granted Hawaiian an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual and royalty-bearing sublicense to use the Brand IP. Further, Hawaiian contributed to the Loyalty Issuer its rights to certain other collateral owned by Hawaiian, including, to the extent permitted by such agreements or otherwise by operation of law, any of Hawaiian's rights under the HawaiianMiles Agreements and the IP Agreements (each as defined in the Indenture), together with HawaiianMiles program (HawaiianMiles) customer data and certain other intellectual property owned or purported to be owned, or later developed or acquired and owned or purported to be owned, by Hawaiian or any of its subsidiaries (including the Issuers) and required or necessary to operate HawaiianMiles (the Loyalty Program IP) (all such collateral being, the Loyalty Program Collateral). The Loyalty Issuer indirectly granted Hawaiian an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free sub-license to use the Loyalty Program IP. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million in cash was held in the Interest Reserve Account designated for debt servicing, and is classified as restricted cash on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The Company's debt agreements contain various affirmative, negative and financial covenants as discussed above within this Note. We were in compliance with the covenants in these debt agreements as of December 31, 2022. 

9. 
 A321-200 aircraft. The transactions qualified as a sale, generating an immaterial loss, and the associated assets were removed from property and equipment, net and recorded as operating lease right-of-use assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. The liabilities are recorded within current and noncurrent operating lease liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Aircraft, Engines, and Aircraft Equipment 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company leased of its aircraft. Of the lease contracts, aircraft lease contracts were accounted for as finance leases, with the remaining lease contracts accounted for as operating leases. These aircraft leases have remaining lease terms ranging from year to years. The Company also has engines under operating lease with remaining lease terms of years and years, respectively. The Company has a flight simulator under a finance lease with a remaining lease term of approximately years. 
 
 Airport Terminal Facilities 
 The Company's facility leases are primarily for terminal space at airports that it serves, most notably, its operations in the state of Hawai'i. These leases are classified as operating leases and reflect the Company's use of airport terminals, office space, cargo and maintenance facilities. The Company leases space from government agencies that control the use of the airport. The remaining lease terms vary from month to years. At the majority of U.S. airports, the lease rates depend on airport 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to years. 
 Maintenance Hangar 
 The Company leases a cargo and maintenance hangar at the Daniel K. Inouye International Airport. The lease is accounted for as an operating lease and has a remaining lease term of years as of December 31, 2022. 
 Other Property and Equipment 
 The Company leases certain IT assets (including data center access, equipment, etc.) and various other non-aircraft equipment. The remaining lease terms range from to years. Certain lease IT assets are embedded within service agreements. The combined lease and non-lease components of those agreements are included in the ROU asset and lease liability. 
 Lease Position as of December 31, 2022 
 Finance lease assets Property and equipment, net Total lease assets Liabilities: Current Operating Current maturities of operating leases Finance Current maturities of finance lease obligations Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating leases Finance Finance lease obligations Total lease liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases (1) Finance leases (1) Upon adoption of the new lease standard, discount rates used for existing leases were established at January 1, 2019. 
 Lease Costs 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Interest of lease liabilities Operating lease cost (1) Short-term lease cost (1) Variable lease cost (1) Total lease cost 
 (1) Expenses are classified within aircraft rent and other rentals and landing fees in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities were as follows: 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Operating cash flows for operating leases Operating cash flows for finance leases Financing cash flows for finance lease 
 Undiscounted Cash Flows 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: amounts representing interest ) ) ) ) Present value of future minimum lease payments Less: current maturities of lease obligations ) ) ) ) Long-term lease obligations 
 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 10.) ) State ) ) ) ) ) Deferred Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) ) Increase (decrease) resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal tax effect ) ) ) Nondeductible meals Goodwill impairment Change in valuation allowance CARES Act (NOL carryback) ) Stock compensation Other ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act, among other things, allows for net operating losses (NOLs) incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes and eliminates the 80 percent limitation on carried back NOLs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the carryback of NOLs to preceding tax years resulted in the recognition of a tax benefit of approximately million. 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Operating leases liabilities Finance leases Air traffic liability and frequent flyer liability Partnership deferred revenue Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards Accrued compensation Other accrued assets Capital losses Deferred interest under IRC Section 163(j) Other assets Total gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment, principally accelerated depreciation ) ) Finance leases ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state NOL carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The Company's federal NOLs have an indefinite carryover period and state net operating losses will begin to expire in 2024 if not utilized. Utilization of the Company's NOL carryforwards may be subject to annual limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. The Company's NOL carryforwards could expire before utilization if subject to annual limitations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had gross realized capital loss carryforwards of million, which expire in 2027 if not utilized. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had research and development tax credit and Work Opportunity tax credit carryforwards totaling million, which may be used to offset future tax liabilities, and which will begin to expire in 2034. 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income (including the reversal of deferred tax liabilities) during the periods in which those deferred tax assets will become deductible. The Company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets and records a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not, that a portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 The tax benefit of the state NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 was million, of which million has a valuation allowance. The tax benefit of the capital loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 was million, of which million relates to net realized capital losses that will expire in 2027 if not utilized and million relates to net unrealized capital losses. A full valuation allowance has been recorded against this entire amount. The tax benefit of the state NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2021 was million, of which million has a valuation allowance. 
 In accordance with ASC 740, the Company reviews its uncertain tax positions on an ongoing basis. The Company may be required to adjust its liability as these matters are finalized, which could increase or decrease its income tax expense and 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million of uncertain tax positions that may decrease within the next twelve months due to the expiration of the statute of limitations. 
 Increases related to prior year tax positions ) Increases related to current year tax positions Settlements with taxing authority ) Effect of the expiration of statutes of limitation ) ) ) Balance at December 31 
 The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized expense (benefit) of , , and ) million, respectively, for interest and penalties on uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued approximately million and million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 
 The Company files its tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company's federal income tax returns for tax years 2018 and beyond, and state income tax returns for tax years 2017 and beyond remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities. 
 
 11. 
 
 million in long-lived assets as held for sale as follows: 
 
 The Company announced the termination of its 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations, which utilizes its ATR-42 and ATR-72 fleet, and was operated under a capacity purchase agreement (CPA) with a third-party carrier. Following the termination of the operations, management committed to a plan of sale and wrote-down the related assets by approximately million to fair value, less cost to sell, and classified approximately million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company committed to a plan to sell certain commercial real-estate assets held by one of the Company's subsidiaries. Management fair valued the assets, less the cost to sell, which did not result in a write-down to the asset group, and reclassified approximately million as assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company sold ATR-72 aircraft and recognized a million gain on the transactions, which was recorded in Other operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. During the third quarter of 2022, the Company estimated the fair value of its remaining ATR-42 and ATR-73 aircraft, using available market information and in consideration of recent transactions, which resulted in the recognition of a million impairment charge, which was recorded as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, in assets held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Management continues to actively market the above referenced assets and expects their sale within the upcoming 12 months, and will continue to monitor the asset groups for potential impairment. 
 
 12. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Assets held-for-sale impairment (2) Ohana by Hawaiian termination (3) Collective bargaining agreement payment (4) Goodwill impairment (5) Long-lived asset impairment (6) Capitalized software projects (6) Severance and benefit costs (7) Total Operating special items Nonoperating special items: Other nonoperating special items: Special termination benefits (8) Curtailment loss (8) Total Other nonoperating special items 
 (1) In December 2022, the Company entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with its third-party service provider to early terminate its Amended and Restated Complete Fleet Services (CFS) Agreement (Amended CFS). The Amended CFS was originally scheduled to run through December 2027, and will now terminate in April 2023. In connection with the MOU, the Company agreed to pay a total of million in termination fees, which was recognized at execution as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (2) As discussed in Note 11, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized impairment of million related to its assets held-for-sale. 
 (3) In the second quarter of 2021, the Company announced the termination of its 'Ohana by Hawaiian operations. The Company wrote-down the asset group to fair value, less cost to sell by approximately million. Additionally, the Company recorded a one-time charge of approximately million for the early termination of its CPA. 
 (4) In March 2020, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the flight attendants of Hawaiian, represented by the Association of Flight Attendants (the AFA) on a new contract that runs through April 2025. On April 3, 2020, the Company received notice from the AFA that the collective bargaining agreement (the CBA) was ratified by its members. The ratified CBA provides for, among other things, a ratification payment to be paid over a term, increased medical cost sharing, improved pay scales, and a one-time medical savings contribution to eligible flights attendants upon retirement. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded a million ratification bonus, of which million was related to service prior to January 1, 2020, and was recorded as a Special item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The remaining million was recorded as a component of Wages and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 (5) As discussed in Note 1, the Company recognized a goodwill impairment charge of million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 (6) As discussed in Note 1, the Company recognized an impairment of long-lived assets of million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 (7) During the third quarter of 2020, the Company announced and completed voluntary separation program offerings across each of its labor groups. In addition to separation payments, the Company offered its employees, based on labor group, age, and years of service, special termination benefits in the form of retiree healthcare benefits as discussed below. The election and revocation windows for these programs closed during the quarter. Additionally, the Company announced involuntary separations and temporary leave programs, the majority of which were effective October 1, 2020. Combined, the separation and temporary leave programs represented a reduction of approximately of the 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 related to the workforce reduction and separation programs. 
 (8) During the twelve months ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded million in special termination benefits and curtailment losses related to the Company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans in connection with its voluntary separation programs. See Note 13 for additional information. 

13. 
 as of July 1, 2005 were frozen (with the exception of certain pilots who were both age and older and participants of the plan on July 1, 2005) and Hawaiian began making contributions to an alternate defined contribution retirement program for its pilots. All of the pilots' accrued benefits under their defined benefit plan at the date of the freeze were preserved. In addition, Hawaiian sponsors unfunded defined benefit postretirement medical and life insurance plans and a separate plan to administer the pilots' disability benefits. 
 In 2016, the Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Pension Plan for Salaried Employees (Salaried Plan) was consolidated into the Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Pension Plan for Employees Represented by the International Association of Machinists (IAM), which established a merged plan (the Merged Plan). At that time, the net liabilities of the Salaried Plan were transferred to the Merged Plan. In 2017, the Company completed the termination of the plan by transferring the assets and liabilities to a third-party insurance company. The Company no longer has any expected contributions to the Merged Plan due to the final settlement. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) ) ) ) Service cost ) ) Interest cost ) ) ) ) Actuarial gains Benefits paid Less: federal subsidy on benefits paid N/A N/A Plan amendments ) Benefit obligation at end of year (a) ) ) ) ) Change in plan assets Fair value of assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Fair value of assets at end of year Unfunded status at December 31 ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the statement of financial position consist of: Current benefit liability ) ) ) ) Noncurrent benefit liability ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss Unamortized actuarial loss (gain) ) ) Prior service cost (credit) ) ) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 million and million, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Other cost: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial loss (gain) ) ) ) Prior service cost Total other components of the net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) Special/contractual termination benefits Curtailment loss Net periodic benefit cost ) ) ) Other Changes in Plan Assets and Benefit Obligations Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss Current year actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Current year prior service cost Amortization of actuarial gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Settlement and curtailment loss Total recognized in other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 Service costs are recorded within Wages and benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Total other components of the net periodic benefit cost are recorded within the Nonoperating income (expense), other line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company was not required to and did t make cash contributions to its defined benefit and other post-retirement plans. 
 
 Discount rate to determine projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets 
 N/A N/A 
 Rate of compensation increase Various 
 Various 
 N/A N/A Various 
 Various 
 Health care trend rate to determine net periodic benefit expense N/A N/A N/A N/A Ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A Years to reach ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A Health care trend rate to determine projected benefit obligation N/A N/A N/A N/A Ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A Years to reach ultimate trend rate N/A N/A N/A N/A _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 to in both 2022 and 2021). 
 Expected return on plan assets used to determine the net periodic benefit expense for 2023 is for Pension and for Disability. 
 
 ) Amortization of prior service cost To be recognized in net periodic benefit cost from accumulated other comprehensive (gain) loss ) 
 Plan Assets 
 The Company develops the expected long-term rate of return assumption based on historical experience and by evaluating input from the trustee managing the plan's assets, including the trustee's review of asset class return expectations by several consultants and economists, as well as long-term inflation assumptions. The Company's expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on a target allocation of assets, which is based on the goal of earning the highest rate of return while maintaining risk at acceptable levels. The Retirement Plan for Pilots of Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the Pilot's Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association Disability and Survivor's Benefit Plan (VEBA) strive to have assets sufficiently diversified so that adverse or unexpected results from any one security class will not have an unduly detrimental impact on the entire portfolio. Prior to termination, the Merged Plan targeted to have its assets align with the potential liability as of the expected settlement date. Fixed income securities Real estate investment trusts 
 Fixed income funds Real estate investment fund Insurance company pooled separate account Total Postretirement Assets: Common collective trust fund Money market fund 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 - 2032 
 Defined Contribution Plans 
 The Company also sponsors separate defined contribution plans for its pilots, flight attendants and ground personnel, and salaried personnel. Contributions to the Company's defined contribution plans were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

98 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 14. 
 . Thereafter, the Customer may elect to extend the ATSA for and, at the end of such period, the parties may mutually agree to extend the term for three additional years . 
 
 The ATSA provides for the Company to initially operate A330-300F aircraft for air cargo transportation services, with the Customer having the right to enter into work orders for additional aircraft. The Company will supply flight crews, perform maintenance and certain administrative functions, and procure aircraft insurance. The Customer will pay the Company a fixed monthly fee per aircraft, a per flight hour fee, and a per flight cycle fee for each flight cycle operated. The Customer will also reimburse the Company for certain operating expenses, including fuel, certain maintenance, and insurance premiums. As part of the ATSA, the Company received million toward start-up costs which has been recorded in Other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The deferred up-front payment will be amortized into revenue on a pro-rata basis over the term of the contract. Operations under the ATSA are expected to commence in the fourth quarter of 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, was amortized into revenue on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company and Amazon also entered into a Transaction Agreement, under which, the Company agreed to issue to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Amazon, a warrant (the Warrant) to acquire up to shares (the Warrant Shares), of the Company's common stock, par value per share, valued at approximately million, which will be recognized as a reduction of revenue over the vesting period. At execution, Warrant Shares, valued at million, vested upon warrant issuance, and are recorded in Other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Future vesting is based on payments to be made by Amazon or its affiliates either under the ATSA or generally with respect to air cargo or air charters, excluding commercial passenger service, up to billion in the aggregate. Subject to certain conditions, including vesting, the Warrant may be exercised, in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before October 20, 2031. The exercise price with respect to the first Warrant Shares that vest will be per share (the First Tranche). The exercise price with respect to the remaining Warrant Shares (Second Tranche) will be determined based on the -day volume-weighted average price of the Company's common stock as of the earlier of (i) October 20, 2025, or (ii) the date that the entire First Tranche is vested. The exercise prices and the Warrant Shares issuable are subject to customary antidilution adjustments. 
 
 , (ii) risk-free interest rate of , (iii) dividend yield of , (iv) expected life of years, and (v) volatility of . The Company valued the Second Tranche using a Monte Carlo Simulation model, using the above referenced assumptions, as well as an estimate for the weighted average price of Holding's common stock over the 30 trading days immediately preceding the earlier of (i) the 3-year anniversary of executing the Warrant Agreement or (ii) full vesting of the First Tranche. 
 
 15. 
 class of common stock issued and outstanding. Each share of common stock is entitled to vote per share. 
 
 Special Preferred Stock 
 
 The IAM, AFA, and ALPA each hold share of Special Preferred Stock, which entitles each union to nominate director to the Company's Board of Directors. In addition, each series of the Special Preferred Stock, unless otherwise specified: (i) ranks senior to the Company's common stock and ranks pari passu with each other series of Special Preferred Stock with respect to liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company and will be entitled to receive per share before any payments are made, or assets distributed to holders of any stock ranking junior to the Special Preferred Stock; (ii) has no dividend rights unless a dividend is declared and paid on the Company's common stock, in which case the Special Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive a dividend in an amount per share equal to times the dividend per share paid on the common stock; (iii) is entitled to vote per share of such series and votes with the common stock as a single class on all 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 :1 basis, at such time as such shares are transferred or such holders are no longer entitled to nominate a representative to the Company's Board of Directors pursuant to their respective collective bargaining agreements. 
 
 Dividends 
 Pursuant to the Company's receipt of financial assistance under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs, the Company was restricted from making dividend payments until September 30, 2022. Prior to the suspension of dividend payments, the Company paid cash dividends of million during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 In November 2018, the Company's Board of Directors approved the repurchase of up to million of its outstanding common stock over a period through December 2020. On March 18, 2020, the Company announced the suspension of its stock repurchase program and pursuant to its receipt of financial assistance under the federal government's Payroll Support Programs, it was restricted from making any stock repurchases until September 30, 2022. 
 The Company had stock repurchase activity during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to the suspension of its stock repurchase program, the Company spent million to repurchase approximately million shares of the Company's common stock in open market transactions for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 At-the-Market Offering Program 
 
 On December 1, 2020, the Company entered into the Equity Distribution Agreement with the Managers relating to the issuance and sale from time to time by the Company through the Managers, of up to shares of the Company's common stock, par value per share. Sales of the shares, if any, under the Equity Distribution Agreement may be made in any transactions that are deemed to be "at-the-market" offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Under the terms of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will set the parameters for the sale of the shares, including the number of the shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitation on the number of the shares that may be sold in any one trading day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold million shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of per share, with net proceeds totaling approximately million. On March 5, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the million shares authorized under the Equity Distribution Agreement at an average price of per share, with total net proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 
 Total share-based compensation expense recognized by the Company under ASC 718 was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, million of share-based compensation expense related to unvested RSU (inclusive of million for RSU granted to non-employee directors) attributable to future performance and has not yet been recognized. The related expense will be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Performance and Market-Based RSU 
 
 During 2022, the Company granted two types of performance-based RSUs covering shares of common stock (the Target Award) with a maximum payout of shares of common stock (the Maximum Award) to employees pursuant to the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. These awards vest over a period and were valued as follows: 
 
 Awards with a market condition were valued using a binomial-lattice model (i.e. Monte Carlo simulation model). The Monte Carlo Simulation model required key assumptions: including the (a) expected volatility of the Company's common stock, (b) expected life of the RSU, (c) risk-free interest rate, and (d) dividend yield. The effect of market conditions is considered in determining the grant date fair value, which is not subsequently revised based on actual performance. 
 Awards with a performance condition were valued using grant date fair values equal to the Company's share price on the measurement date. 
 
 100 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 million, which will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period. 
 
 During 2021, the Company granted performance-based RSUs covering shares of common stock (the Target Award) with a maximum payout of shares of common stock (the Maximum Award) to employees pursuant to the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. These awards vest over a period. The 2021 performance-based RSU include a market condition and were valued using a binomial-lattice model (i.e. Monte Carlo simulation model). The Monte Carlo Simulation model required key assumptions: including the (a) expected volatility of the Company's common stock, (b) expected life of the RSU, (c) risk-free interest rate, and (d) dividend yield. The Company valued the 2021 awards at million, which will be recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period. The effect of market conditions is considered in determining the grant date fair value, which is not subsequently revised based on actual performance. 
 
 During 2020, the Company granted performance-based stock awards without a market condition, covering shares of common stock (the Target Award) with a maximum payout of shares of common stock (the Maximum Award) to employees pursuant to the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. These awards vest over a period. The Company valued the performance-based stock awards using grant date fair values equal to the Company's share price on the measurement date. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair value of performance-based RSUs vested in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Service-Based RSU 
 
 During 2022, the Company awarded service-based RSUs to employees and non-employee directors, pursuant to the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan. These stock awards vest over one , two , or periods and have a grant date fair value equal to the Company's share price on the measurement date. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 The fair value of service-based RSUs vested in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

16. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 N/A B787-9 aircraft Between 2023 and 2027 General Electric GEnx spare engines: B787-9 spare engines Between 2023 and 2027 
 
 Boeing 787-9 Purchase Agreement 
 
 In July 2018, the Company entered into a purchase agreement for the purchase of Boeing 787-9 "Dreamliner" aircraft with purchase rights for an additional aircraft. In October 2018, the Company entered into a definitive agreement for the selection of GEnx engines to power its Boeing 787-9 fleet. The agreement provides for the purchase of GEnx engines, the right to purchase an additional GEnx engines and the purchase of up to spare engines. 
 
 In December 2022, the Company entered into a supplemental agreement to its B787-9 purchase agreement, pursuant to which (a) the Company agreed with Boeing to defer the delivery of the B787-9 aircraft, which will now be delivered between the fourth quarter of 2023 and 2027, and (b) agreed to exercise purchase options for an additional two B787-9 aircraft. The committed expenditures under the amended purchase agreement is reflected in the table above. 
 In order to complete the purchase of these aircraft and fund related costs, the Company may need to secure acceptable financing. The Company has backstop financing available from aircraft and engine manufacturers, subject to certain customary conditions. Financing may be necessary to satisfy the Company's capital commitments for firm order aircraft and other related capital expenditures. The Company can provide no assurance that any financing not already in place for aircraft and spare engine deliveries will be available to us on acceptable terms when necessary or at all. 
 Litigation and Contingencies 
 
 The Company is subject to legal proceedings arising in the normal course of its operations. Management does not anticipate that the disposition of any currently pending proceeding will have a material effect on the Company's operations, business or financial condition. 
 
 General Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into numerous aircraft financing and real estate leasing arrangements that have various guarantees included in such contracts. It is common in such lease transactions for the lessee to agree to indemnify the lessor and other related third-parties for tort liabilities that arise out of, or relate to, the lessee's use of the leased aircraft or occupancy of the leased premises. In some cases, this indemnity extends to related liabilities arising from the negligence of the indemnified parties, but usually excludes any liabilities caused by such parties' gross negligence or willful misconduct. Additionally, the lessee typically indemnifies such parties for any environmental liability that arises out of or relates to the lessee's use of the real estate leased premises. The Company believes that it is insured (subject to deductibles) for most of the tort liabilities and related indemnities described above with respect to the aircraft and real estate that it leases. The Company cannot reasonably estimate the potential amount of future payments, if any, under the foregoing indemnities and agreements. 
 
 Credit Card Holdback 
 
 Under the Company's bank-issued credit card processing agreements, certain proceeds from advance ticket sales may be held back to serve as collateral to cover any possible chargebacks or other disputed charges that may occur. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were holdbacks held with the Company's credit card processors. 
 
 In the event of a material adverse change in the Company's business, the credit card processor could increase holdbacks to up to of the amount of outstanding credit card tickets that are unflown (e.g., Air traffic liability, excluding frequent flyer deferred revenue), which would result in a restriction of cash. If the Company were unable to obtain a waiver of, or otherwise mitigate the increase in the restriction of cash, it could have a material impact on the Company's operations, business or financial condition. 
 Labor Negotiations 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 of employees were represented by unions. 
 In February 2022, the Company's International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM-M) and International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers - Clerical Division (IAM-C) employees ratified a new collective bargaining agreement (CBA), which included scheduled pay rate increases, a signing bonus valued at approximately million, improved health benefits and cost sharing, as well as the establishment of Health Retirement Accounts (HRAs) for retirees. During the second quarter, the Company recorded approximately million in one-time CBA related expenses associated with a voluntary separation program and establishment of the HRA plan. 
 In April 2022, flight dispatch personnel represented by the Transport Workers Union (TWU), ratified a new CBA. The terms of the new CBA were consistent with those of the IAM discussed above; however, the impact of the TWU CBA was not material to the Company's financial statements. 
 of employees, became amendable on July 1, 2022. In February 2023, the Company and employees represented by ALPA voted to ratify a new four year CBA, which includes, amongst other things, a signing bonus, pay scale increases across all fleet types, improved health benefits and cost sharing, and enhancements to the Company's postretirement and disability plans. 
 
 17. 
 Cash payments (refunds) for income taxes ) ) Investing and Financing Activities Not Affecting Cash: Property and equipment acquired through a finance lease Right-of-use assets acquired under operating leases 

18. 
 pass-through trusts formed by Hawaiian (which is also referred to in this Note 18 as Subsidiary Issuer / Guarantor) of pass-through certificates, as discussed in Note 8, the Company (which is also referred to in this Note 18 as Parent Issuer / Guarantor), is fully and unconditionally guaranteeing the payment obligations of Hawaiian, which is a 100 owned subsidiary of Holdings, under equipment notes to be issued by Hawaiian to purchase new aircraft. 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Operating Expenses: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery Wages and benefits Aircraft rent Maintenance materials and repairs Aircraft and passenger servicing Commissions and other selling ) Depreciation and amortization Other rentals and landing fees ) Purchased services ) Special items Other ) ) Total ) Operating Income (Loss) ) ) ) Nonoperating Income (Expense): Undistributed net loss of subsidiaries ) ) Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) ) Interest income ) Capitalized interest Other components of net periodic benefit cost Losses on fuel derivatives ) ) Loss on debt extinguishment ) ) Losses on investments, net ) ) Gains on foreign debt Other, net ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Loss Before Income Taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) ) 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Operating Expenses: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery Wages and benefits Aircraft rent Maintenance materials and repairs Aircraft and passenger servicing Commissions and other selling ) Depreciation and amortization Other rentals and landing fees ) Purchased services ) Special items Government grant recognition ) ) Other ) Total ) Operating Income (Loss) ) ) ) Nonoperating Income (Expense): Undistributed net loss of subsidiaries ) ) Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) ) Interest income ) Capitalized interest Other components of net periodic benefit cost Gains on fuel derivatives Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Gains on investments, net Gains on foreign debt Other, net Total ) ) ) ) Loss Before Income Taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) Operating Expenses: Aircraft fuel, including taxes and delivery Wages and benefits Aircraft rent ) Maintenance materials and repairs ) Aircraft and passenger servicing Commissions and other selling ) ) Depreciation and amortization Other rentals and landing fees ) Purchased services ) Special items Government grant recognition ) ) Other ) Total ) Operating Loss ) ) ) ) Nonoperating Income (Expense): Undistributed net loss of subsidiaries ) Other nonoperating special items ) ) Interest expense and amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs ) ) Interest income Capitalized interest Other components of net periodic benefit cost Losses on fuel derivatives ) ) Gains on investments, net Losses on foreign debt ) ) Other, net ) Total ) ) ) ) Loss Before Income Taxes ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) ) Net Loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive Loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net ) Income taxes receivable Spare parts and supplies, net Prepaid expenses and other Total ) Property and equipment at cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Assets held for sale Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term prepayments and other ) Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Intercompany receivable ) Investment in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) TOTAL ASSETS ) LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable ) Air traffic liability and current frequent flyer deferred revenue Other accrued liabilities ) Current maturities of long-term debt, less discount Current maturities of finance lease obligations Current maturities of operating leases Total ) Long-term debt ) Intercompany payable ) Other liabilities and deferred credits: Noncurrent finance lease obligations Noncurrent operating leases Accumulated pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. Other liabilities and deferred credits Noncurrent frequent flyer deferred revenue Deferred tax liabilities, net Total Shareholders' equity ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY ) 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Restricted cash Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net ) Income taxes receivable Spare parts and supplies, net Prepaid expenses and other Total ) Property and equipment at cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net Assets held for sale Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term prepayments and other ) Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Intercompany receivable ) Investment in consolidated subsidiaries ) ) TOTAL ASSETS ) LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable ) Air traffic liability and current frequent flyer deferred revenue Other accrued liabilities ) Current maturities of long-term debt, less discount Current maturities of finance lease obligations Current maturities of operating leases Total ) Long-term debt ) Intercompany payable ) Other liabilities and deferred credits: Noncurrent finance lease obligations Noncurrent operating leases Accumulated pension and other postretirement benefit obligations Other liabilities and deferred credits Noncurrent frequent flyer deferred revenue Deferred tax liabilities, net Total Shareholders' equity ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY ) 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 ) ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Net payments to affiliates ) Additions to property and equipment, including pre-delivery deposits ) ) Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment Purchases of investments ) ) Sales of investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock ) Repayments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of Period Cash and cash equivalents End of Period 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Net payments to affiliates ) ) Additions to property and equipment, including pre-delivery deposits ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment Purchases of investments ) ) Sales of investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net payments from affiliates ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Beginning of Period Cash and cash equivalents End of Period 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 ) ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Net payments to affiliates ) ) Additions to property and equipment, including pre-delivery deposits ) ) ) Proceeds from purchase assignment and leaseback transactions Purchases of investments ) ) Sales of investments Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Dividend payments ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Net payments from affiliates ) ) Other ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Beginning of Period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash End of Period 
 Income Taxes 
 The income tax expense (benefit) is presented as if each entity that is part of the consolidated group files a separate return. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, and provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was conducted. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on their assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We reviewed the results of management's assessment with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm who also has audited our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Ernst Young's report on our internal control over financial reporting appears below. 
 Remediation of Previously Disclosed Material Weakness 
 Subsequent to the filing of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, related to the accounting for unrealized gains and losses on equity securities in that our controls were not designed to effectively evaluate the accounting treatment for changes in value of certain securities in our investments portfolio. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management arrived at such conclusion as a result of the restatement of our previously issued financial statements in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022 and June 30, 2022. 
 
 In response to the material weakness, we designed and implemented improved processes and internal controls to evaluate our accounting for each investment type with the applicable accounting guidance, including ongoing senior management review and audit committee oversight. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we successfully completed the testing of our improved processes and internal controls to evaluate our accounting for each investment type with applicable accounting guidance and determined that such improved processes and internal controls have been appropriately designed and implemented and operated effectively as of December 31, 2022 to conclude that the previously identified material weakness has been remediated. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Other than the remediation steps taken above, there were no additional changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. 
 Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Hawaiian Holdings, Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Financial Statements and our report dated February 15, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ ERNST YOUNG LLP 
 
 Honolulu, Hawai'i 
 February 15, 2023 
 115 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

116 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 i. Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 ii. Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 iii. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 iv. Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 v. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 vi. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 vii. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 The information required by Schedule I, "Condensed Financial Information of Registrant" has been provided in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. All other schedules have been omitted because they are not required. 
 
 (b) Exhibits: The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of the Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Exhibit Index 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form S-1, File No. 333-129503, filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on November 7, 2005). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K, File No. 001-31443, filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on August 5, 2022). 
 4.1 Description of Securities. 
 4.2 Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2020, by and between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 7, 2020). 
 4.3 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (included in Exhibit 4.2 as Annex B). 
 4.4 Promissory Note, dated as of April 22, 2020, issued by Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to the United States Department of the Treasury, with Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. as guarantor (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 7, 2020). 
 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2020, between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and The United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to Form 10-Q filed October 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.6 Form of Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.5 as Annex B thereto). 
 4.7 Warrant Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.15 to Form 10-K filed February 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.8 Form of Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.7 as Annex B thereto). 
 4.9 Promissory Note, dated as of January 15, 2021, issued by Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to the United States Department of the Treasury, with Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. as guarantor (filed as Exhibit 4.17 to Form 10-K filed February 12, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.10 Indenture, dated as of February 4, 2021, by and among Hawaiian Brand Intellectual Property, Ltd., HawaiianMiles Loyalty, Ltd., the guarantors named therein and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, collateral agent and collateral custodian, governing the 5.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed February 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 

 4.11 Form of 5.750 Senior Secured Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.1 0 as Exhibit A thereto). 
 4.12 Warrant Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2021, between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and The United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-Q filed July 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.13 Form of Warrant (included in Exhibit 4.12 as Annex B thereto). 
 4.14 Promissory Note, dated as of April 23, 2021, issued by Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to the United States Department of the Treasury, with Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. as guarantor (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-Q filed July 29, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.15 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, issued on October 20, 2022, by and between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-3 filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on November 18, 2022) 
 10.1 Form of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Agreement for certain employees and executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 26, 2009). + 
 10.2 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 2016 Management Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 16, 2017). + 
 10.3 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Outside Director Compensation Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 16, 2017). + 
 10.4 Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 12, 2015). + 
 10.5 Form of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 28, 2015). + 
 10.6 Form of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 28, 2015). + 
 10.7 Form of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 28, 2015). + 
 10.8 Form of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. Indemnification Agreement for directors and executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 16, 2017). + 
 10.9 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement for executive officers (filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 16, 2017). + 
 10.10 Airbus A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2013, between Airbus S.A.S. and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q/A filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 17, 2013 in redacted form since confidential treatment has been granted for certain provisions thereof pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 10.10.1 Amendment #1 to Airbus A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2013, between Airbus S.A.S. and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.62.1 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 9, 2015). 
 10.10.2 Amendment #2 to Airbus A320 Family Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2013, between Airbus S.A.S. and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.62.2 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 9, 2015 in redacted form since confidential treatment has been granted for certain provisions thereof pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 10.11 Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated May 29, 2013, between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.12 Trust Supplement No. 2013-1A-O, dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.13 Trust Supplement No. 2013-1A-S, dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.14 Trust Supplement No. 2013-1B-O, dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.15 Trust Supplement No. 2013-1B-S, dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Trustee, and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. to Pass Through Trust Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.16 Revolving Credit Agreement (2013-1A), dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as subordination agent, as agent and trustee, and as borrower, and Natixis S.A., acting via its New York Branch, as liquidity provider (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

 10.17 Revolving Credit Agreement (2013-1B), dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wilmington Trust, National Association, as subordination agent, as agent and trustee, and as borrower, and Natixis S.A., acting via its New York Branch, as liquidity provider (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.18 Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013, among Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, Natixis S.A., acting via its New York Branch, as liquidity provider, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as subordination agent and trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.19 Deposit Agreement (Class A), dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association, as escrow agent, and Natixis S.A., acting via its New York Branch, as depositary (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.20 Deposit Agreement (Class B), dated as of May 29, 2013, between Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association, as escrow agent, and Natixis S.A., acting via its New York Branch, as depositary (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.21 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class A), dated as of May 29, 2013, among Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association, as escrow agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman, Sachs Co. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, for themselves and on behalf of the several Underwriters of the Certificates, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as paying agent (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.22 Escrow and Paying Agent Agreement (Class B), dated as of May 29, 2013, among Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association, as escrow agent, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Goldman, Sachs Co. and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, for themselves and on behalf of the several Underwriters of the Certificates, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as paying agent (filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.23 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 29, 2013, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as subordination agent, Wells Fargo Bank Northwest, National Association, as escrow agent, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as paying agent (filed as the Exhibit 4.13 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.24 Form of Participation Agreement (Participation Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as mortgagee, subordination agent and trustee) (Exhibit B to Note Purchase Agreement) (filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.25 Form of Indenture (Trust Indenture and Mortgage between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as mortgagee and securities intermediary) (Exhibit C to Note Purchase Agreement) (filed Exhibit 4.15 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.26 Form of Hawaiian Airlines Pass Through Certificate, Series 2013-1A-O (filed as Exhibit 4.16 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.27 Form of Hawaiian Airlines Pass Through Certificate, Series 2013-1B-O (filed as Exhibit 4.17 to the Form 8-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 31, 2013). 
 10.28 Lease Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016 between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the Department of Transportation of the State of Hawai'i (filed as Exhibit 10.45 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 16, 2017). 
 10.29 Aircraft General Terms Agreement Number AGTA-HWI, dated as of July 18, 2018 between The Boeing Company and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 24, 2018 in redacted form since confidential treatment has been granted for certain provisions thereof pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 10.30 Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749, dated as of July 18, 2018, between the Boeing Company and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 24, 2018 in redacted for since confidential treatment has been granted for certain provisions thereof pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). 
 10.31 Supplemental Agreement to that certain Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749, dated as of July 18, 2018, between the Boeing Company and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., dated as of December 30, 2022, between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the Boeing Company. 
 10.32 General Terms Agreement No. 1-1026296, dated as of October 1, 2018, among General Electric Company, GE Engine Services Distribution, LLC and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.36 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 13, 2019). 
 10.33 Letter Agreement No. 1 to General Terms Agreement No. 1-1026296, dated as of October 1, 2018, among General Electric Company, GE Engine Services Distribution, LLC and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 13, 2019). 
 10.34 Flight Hour Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2018, between GE Engine Services, LLC and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 13, 2019). 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 

 10.35 Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2018, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., certain other subsidiaries of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 13, 2019), Inc., certain other subsidiaries of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 13, 2019). 
 10.36 Amended and Restated Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2022, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., certain other subsidiaries of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the lenders party thereto and Citibank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 31, 2022). 
 10.37 Payroll Support Program Agreement, dated as of April 22, 2020, by and between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on May 7, 2020). 
 10.38 Loan and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 25, 2020, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., as borrower, Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto from time to time, The United States Department of the Treasury, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 28, 2020). 
 10.39 Amended and Restated Loan and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 23, 2020, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., as borrower, Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto from time to time, The United States Department of the Treasury, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on October 28, 2020). 
 10.40 Amendment to Loan and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, among Hawaiian Airlines, Inc,, as borrower, Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., the guarantors party thereto from time to time, the United States Department of the Treasury, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as administrative agent and collateral agent (filed as Exhibit 10.39 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 12, 2021). 
 10.41 Payroll Support Program Extension Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2021, by and between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.40 to the Form 10-K filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on February 12, 2021). 
 10.42 Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2021, by and between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and the United States Department of the Treasury (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on July 29, 2021). 
 10.43 Transaction Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, by and between Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form S-3 filed by Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. on November 18, 2022) 
 10.44 Air Transportation Services Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, by and between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and Amazon.com Services LLC. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Valuation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data Files (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 + These exhibits relate to management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 Previously filed; incorporated herein by reference. 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for a portion of this exhibit. 
 120 

Table of Contents 

 ) (a) 2021 ) (a) 2020 ) (a) Allowance for Obsolescence of Flight Equipment Expendable Parts and Supplies 2022 (b) ) (c) 2021 (b) ) (c) 2020 (b) ) (c) Valuation Allowance on Deferred Tax Assets 2022 2021 2020 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (a) Doubtful accounts written off, net of recoveries. 
 (b) Obsolescence reserve for Hawaiian flight equipment expendable parts and supplies. 
 (c) Spare parts and supplies written off against the allowance for obsolescence. 

121 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HAWAIIAN HOLDINGS, INC. February 15, 2023 By /s/ SHANNON L. OKINAKA Shannon L. Okinaka 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Peter R. Ingram and Shannon L. Okinaka, and each of them acting individually, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of each to act alone, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, with full power of each to act alone, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or her or their substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 15, 2023. Signature Title /s/ PETER R. INGRAM President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Peter R. Ingram /s/ SHANNON L. OKINAKA Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Shannon L. Okinaka /s/ LAWRENCE S. HERSHFIELD Chair of the Board of Directors Lawrence S. Hershfield /s/ WENDY A. BECK Director Wendy A. Beck /s/ EARL E. FRY Director Earl E. Fry /s/ C. JAYNE HRDLICKA Director C. Jayne Hrdlicka /s/ MICHAEL E. MCNAMARA Director Michael E. McNamara /s/ CRYSTAL K. ROSE Director Crystal K. Rose /s/ MARK D. SCHNEIDER Director Mark D. Schneider /s/ WILLIAM S. SWELBAR Director William S. Swelbar /s/ CRAIG E. VOSBURG Director Craig E. Vosburg /s/ DUANE E. WOERTH Director Duane E. Woerth /s/ RICHARD N. ZWERN Director Richard N. Zwern 
 123 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex41-hhixdescriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 References to the Company, we, us, or our herein are, unless the context otherwise indicates, only to Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and not to any of its subsidiaries. The following is a summary of the Company s capital stock and certain provisions of its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-laws (the By-laws ). This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-laws and the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ). 
 
 Summary 
 
 The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 120,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) 118,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and (ii) 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 A holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote. Subject to certain limitations in our Certificate of Incorporation and to the preference applicable to any outstanding Special Preferred Stock, the holders of common stock will be entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by our Board of Directors (the Board out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of the common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of Special Preferred Stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities. The outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 
 Special Preferred Stock 
 
 The IAM, AFA and ALPA (each a Union, and collectively, the Unions each hold one share of Series B Special Preferred Stock, Series C Special Preferred Stock and Series D Special Preferred Stock, respectively, that entitles each Union to nominate one director. In addition to the rights described above, each series of the Special Preferred Stock, unless otherwise specified (i) ranks senior to the common stock and ranks pari passu with each other such series of Special Preferred Stock with respect to our liquidation, dissolution and winding up and will be entitled to receive 0.01 per share before any payments are made, or assets distributed to holders of any stock ranking junior to the Special Preferred Stock (ii) has no dividend rights unless a dividend is declared and paid on the common stock, in which case the Special Preferred Stock would be entitled to receive a dividend in an amount per share equal to two times the dividend per share paid on the common stock (iii) is entitled to one vote per share of such series and votes with the common stock as a single class on all matters submitted to holders of the common stock and (iv) automatically converts into the common stock on a 1 1 basis at such time as such shares are transferred or such holders are no longer entitled to nominate a representative to our Board pursuant to their respective collective bargaining agreements. The shares of Special Preferred Stock are not redeemable, and no holder of the shares of Special Preferred Stock has any preemptive or preferential rights of subscription for or to purchase any shares of any class or stock or other securities. 

Treasury Warrants 
 
 In April 2020, we entered into a Payroll Support Program Agreement (the PSP Agreement with the United States Department of the Treasury (the Treasury under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). In connection with the PSP Agreement, we entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Treasury, dated April 22, 2020 (the PSP Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue to the Treasury warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the PSP Warrant Agreement, we issued the Treasury (i) a warrant to purchase 117,335 shares of our common stock on April 22, 2020, (ii) a warrant to purchase 148,457 shares of our common stock on May 29, 2020, (iii) a warrant to purchase 148,457 shares of our common stock on June 30, 2020, (iv) a warrant to purchase 74,228 shares of our common stock on July 30, 2020 and (v) a warrant to purchase 21,487 shares of our common stock on September 30, 2020, in each case at an exercise price of 11.82 per share ((i)-(v), collectively, the PSP Warrants ), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the PSP Warrants. 
 
 In September 2020, we entered into the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement (the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement with the Treasury under the Economic Relief Program ERP under the CARES Act. In connection with the Amended and Restated Loan Agreement, we entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Treasury dated September 25, 2020 (the ERP Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which, on September 25, 2020, we issued to the Treasury a warrant to purchase 380,711 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.82 per share (the ERP Warrant ), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the ERP Warrant. 
 
 In January 2021, we entered into the Payroll Support Program Extension Agreement (the PSP Extension Agreement with the Treasury under Subtitle A of Title IV of Division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. In connection with the PSP Extension Agreement, we entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Treasury dated January 15, 2021 (the PSP Extension Warrant Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to issue to the Treasury warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the PSP Extension Warrant Agreement, we issued the Treasury (i) a warrant to purchase 113,940 shares of our common stock on March 5, 2021 and (ii) a warrant to purchase 42,400 shares of our common stock on April 23, 2021, in each case at an exercise price of 17.78 per share ((i) and (ii), collectively, the PSP Extension Warrants ), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the PSP Extension Warrants. 
 
 In April 2021, we entered into a Payroll Support Program 3 Agreement (the PSP3 Agreement with the Treasury under Section 7301 of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021. In connection with the PSP3 Agreement, we entered into a Warrant Agreement with the Treasury dated April 23, 2021 (the PSP3 Warrant Agreement and, together with the PSP Warrant Agreement, the ERP Warrant Agreement and the PSP Extension Warrant Agreement, the Warrant Agreements ), pursuant to which, on June 3, 2021, we issued to the Treasury a warrant to purchase 87,670 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 27.27 per share (the PSP3 Warrant and, together with the PSP Warrants, the ERP Warrant and the PSP Extension Warrants, the Treasury Warrants ), subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the PSP3 Warrant. 
 
 The Treasury Warrants may be exercised, in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before 5 00 p.m. New York City time on the fifth anniversary of the issue date of the respective Treasury Warrant. The Treasury Warrants are freely transferable, may be settled as net shares or in cash at our option and contain customary anti-dilution provisions. The holder of the Treasury Warrants has certain customary registration rights with respect to the Treasury Warrants and the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Treasury Warrants 

pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreements. The Treasury Warrants do not entitle the holder to stockholder voting rights or other rights as a stockholder. 
 
 The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Treasury Warrants, forms of which are incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2, Exhibit 4.5, Exhibit 4.7, and Exhibit 4.10 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-242409) filed by us on February 14, 2023. 
 Amazon Warrant 
 
 On October 20, 2022, we entered into a Transaction Agreement (the Transaction Agreement with Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon ), pursuant to which, among other things, we agreed to issue to Amazon.com NV Investment Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amazon Amazon.com NV ), a warrant (the Amazon Warrant to purchase up to 9,442,443 shares of our common stock (the Amazon Warrant Shares ), subject to adjustment and vesting in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the Amazon Warrant. The Transaction Agreement was entered into, and the Amazon Warrant was issued in connection with the entry into certain commercial arrangements between us and Amazon and its affiliates, including that certain Air Transportation Services Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2022, between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon Services ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Amazon (the ATSA ), under which Hawaiian will provide certain air cargo transportation services to Amazon Services for an initial term of eight years. 
 
 The Amazon Warrant Shares will vest over time based on payments to us by Amazon (whether made directly from Amazon, its affiliates or by a third party on behalf of Amazon) pursuant to the ATSA or certain other commercial arrangements (the Qualified Payments of up to 1.8 billion. Upon the issuance of the Amazon Warrant, 1,258,992 Amazon Warrant Shares vested. Subject to vesting and certain conditions set forth in the Amazon Warrant, 6,294,962 Amazon Warrant Shares may be exercised, in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before 5 00 p.m., Seattle time, on October 20, 2031 at an exercise price of 14.71 per share (the First Tranche ), and the remaining Amazon Warrant Shares may be exercised in whole or in part and for cash or on a net exercise basis, at any time before 5 00 p.m., Seattle time, on October 20, 2031 at an exercise price equal to the 30-day volume weighted average price for our common stock as of the earlier of (i) October 20, 2025 or (ii) the date that the entire First Tranche has vested. The exercise price and the Amazon Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise of the Amazon Warrant are subject to customary antidilution adjustments. 
 
 Upon the consummation of certain acquisition transactions (as set forth in the Amazon Warrant), an amount of the unvested Amazon Warrant Shares will automatically vest and become exercisable as follows (i) if the Qualified Payments collectively paid to us or any of our affiliates are equal to or less than 350 million, 25 of the Amazon Warrant Shares that are not vested as of such date, (ii) if the Qualified Payments collectively paid to us or any of our affiliates exceed 350 million but are not greater than 650 million, 50 of the Amazon Warrant Shares that are not vested as of such date, (iii) if the Qualified Payments collectively paid to us or any of our affiliates exceed 650 million but are not greater than 950 million, 75 of the Amazon Warrant Shares that are not vested as of such date, or (iv) if the Qualified Payments collectively paid to us or any of our affiliates exceed 950 million, 100 of the Amazon Warrant Shares that are not vested as of such date. 
 
 The Amazon Warrant also limits Amazon.com NV s beneficial ownership to 4.999 of our outstanding shares unless Amazon.com NV amends or waives this limit by written notice to us, which will not be effective until the 61st day after such notice. 

The holder of the Amazon Warrant has certain customary registration rights with respect to the Amazon Warrant and the Amazon Warrant Shares pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Agreement. The Amazon Warrant does not entitle the holder to stockholder voting rights. 
 
 The foregoing summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amazon Warrant, which is filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-268473) filed by us on November 18, 2022. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, of Delaware Law and of Federal Law 
 
 Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws, and of the DGCL could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board. However, these provisions could also have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Board of Directors Vacancies 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws authorize the majority of directors then in office to fill vacant directorships, including newly created seats provided however, that so long as there is a holder of Series B Special Preferred Stock, Series C Special Preferred Stock or Series D Special Preferred Stock, the board may fill a Series B-, Series C- or Series D- nominated director vacancy, respectively, with only a person nominated to the Board by the respective holder of Series B Special Preferred Stock, Series C Special Preferred Stock or Series D Special Preferred Stock. In accordance with the procedures provided in the By-laws, if a Series B, Series C, or Series D vacancy on the Board is not filled within 30 days, the relevant series may fill such vacancy by majority vote. In addition, the number of directors constituting our Board are permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire Board. These provisions would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our Board and then gaining control of our Board by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This will make it more difficult to change the composition of our Board and will promote continuity of management. 
 
 Stockholder Action Special Meeting of Stockholders 
 
 We have provided in our Certificate of Incorporation that the holders of our common stock may not act by written consent. This limit on the ability of the holders of our common stock to act by written consent may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions. As a result, no stockholder, regardless of how large its holdings of our stock are, would be able to amend our By-laws or remove directors without holding a stockholders meeting. 
 
 Further, we have provided in our By-laws that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our Board or the chairman of our Board, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock 
 
 The ability to authorize undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. These and other provisions may have the effect of deferring or preventing hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in control or management of our company. 
 
 Exclusive Forum 
 
 Our By-laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, any other state or federal court located in the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or other employees to us or our stockholders (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws (as each may be amended or restated from time to time) or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This exclusive forum provision will not apply to any causes of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. 
 
 Amendment of Charter Provisions 
 
 Amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation requires the approval of the holders of at least 2 3rds of our then outstanding capital stock. 
 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals 
 
 The By-laws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the Board or a committee of our Board. The By-laws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 
 
 Provisions of Delaware Law Governing Business Combinations 
 
 We have elected not to be governed by Section 203 of the General Corporation Law. 
 
 Ownership by Non-U.S. Citizens 
 
 Federal law prohibits non-U.S. citizens from owning more than 25 of the voting interest of a U.S. air carrier or controlling a U.S. air carrier. Our Certificate of Incorporation prohibits the ownership or control of more than 25 (to be increased or decreased from time to time, as permitted under the laws of the U.S.) of our issued and 

outstanding voting capital stock by persons who are not citizens of the United States . As of December 31, 2019, we believe we were in compliance with federal law as it relates to voting stock held by non-U.S. citizens. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbols HA . 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.31>
 3
 ex1031-boeingsupplementala.htm
 EX-10.31

Document 
 THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

Supplemental Agreement No. 6 SA-6 
 
 To 
 
 Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 
 
 Between 
 
 The Boeing Company 
 
 And 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 
 Relating to Boeing Model 787 Aircraft 
 THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT NO. 6 SA-6 ), entered into as of December 30, 2022, by and between THE BOEING COMPANY Boeing and HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. Customer 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer entered into Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 dated July 18, 2018, (as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Purchase Agreement relating to Boeing Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer have agreed, pursuant to the terms of agreement no. 6-1162-AYL-023, to revise the scheduled delivery month of ten (10) 787-9 Aircraft as follows 
 
 Contract Month Prior to SA-6 New Delivery Month Commencing with SA-6 
 P.A. 04749 SA-6 

Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 

WHEREAS, Boeing and Customer agree to exercise Purchase Rights for two (2) Boeing model 787-9 aircraft, and to add such purchase right aircraft to the Purchase Agreement as Aircraft (the Purchase Right Aircraft ). 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties agree to amend the Purchase Agreement as follows 
 1. Table of Contents . 
 The attached Table of Contents of the Purchase Agreement deletes and replaces its antecedent Table of Contents to reflect the changes made by this Supplemental Agreement No. 6. 
 2. Table 1 (Aircraft Information Table). 
 The attached Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 (denoted with an SA-6 deletes and replaces its antecedent Table 1 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 to reflect the revised scheduled delivery month and two (2) exercised Purchase Right Aircraft. 
 3. Letter Agreements. 
 3.1 The attached Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707961R3 entitled Flexible Delivery Rights deletes and replaces its antecedent HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707961R2. 
 3.2 The attached Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 entitled Advance Payment Matters deletes and replaces its antecedent HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966. 
 3.3 The attached Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708012R4 entitled Special Matters deletes and replaces its antecedent HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708012R3. 
 3.4 The attached Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708019R2 entitled MTOW Program deletes and replaces its antecedent HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708019R1. 
 3.5 The attached Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708022R2 entitled Cap and Share Escalation Program deletes and replaces its antecedent HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708022R1. 
 P.A. 04749 SA-6 

Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 

4. Advance Payments. 
 Boeing and Customer agree that U.S. Dollars will be payable by Customer as payment obligations in respect of the Purchase Right Aircraft in connection with this SA-6, and such payment will be due on . 
 5. Effect on Purchase Agreement. 
 Except as expressly set forth herein, all terms and provisions contained in the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous proposals, and agreements, understandings, commitments or representations whatsoever, oral or written, and may be changed only in writing signed by authorized representatives of the parties. 
 The Purchase Agreement will be deemed to be supplemented to the extent herein provided as of the date hereof and as so supplemented will continue in full force and effect. 

AGREED AND ACCEPTED on the day and year written above. 

THE BOEING COMPANY HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. Signature Signature 
 Attorney-in-Fact 
 Title Title 

P.A. 04749 SA-6 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ARTICLES Article 1. Quantity, Model and Description Article 2. Delivery Schedule Article 3. Price Article 4. Payment Article 5. Additional Terms 
 
 TABLE 1. Aircraft Information Table.............................................................SA-6 
 
 EXHIBIT A. Aircraft Configuration....................................................................SA-3 B. Aircraft Delivery Requirements and Responsibilities 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL EXHIBITS AE1. Airframe and Optional Features Escalation Adjustment BFE1. BFE Variables.............................................................................SA-4 CS1. Customer Support Variables EE1. Engine Escalation Adjustment, Engine Warranty and Patent Indemnity SLP1. Service Life Policy Components 
 
 P.A. 04749 SA-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED 

 LETTER AGREEMENTS 
 
 LA-1706513 LA-Performance Guarantees 
 
 LA-1707908 LA-Miscellaneous Matters.....................................................................SA-2 
 
 LA-1707910 LA-Airworthiness Directive Cost Materials and Labor 
 
 LA-1707960 LA-Installation of Cabin Systems Equipment........................................SA-3 
 
 LA-1707961R3 LA-Flexible Delivery Rights...................................................................SA-6 
 
 LA-1707962 LA-e-Enabling Software Matters-787 
 
 LA-1707963 LA-EULA Special Matters 
 
 LA-1707964 LA-Liquidated Damages Non-Excusable Delay 
 
 LA-1707965 LA-Open Configuration Matters 
 
 LA-1707966R1 LA-Advance Payment Matters...............................................................SA-6 
 
 LA-1707967 LA-Post-Delivery Software and Data Loading-787 
 
 LA-1707969 LA-Spare Parts Initial Provisioning 
 
 LA-1708012R4 LA-Special Matters................................................................................SA-6 
 
 LA-1708014 LA-Aircraft Model Substitution 
 
 LA-1708015R1 LA-Purchase Rights..............................................................................SA-2 
 
 LA-1708016 LA-Remedy Block Fuel 
 
 LA-1708017 LA-AGTA Terms Updates......................................................................SA-2 
 
 LA-1708019R2 LA-Flex Weight Program.......................................................................SA-6 
 
 LA-1708022R2 LA-Cap and Share Escalation Program................................................SA-6 
 P.A. 04749 SA-6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS, CONTINUED 

LA-1708023 LA-Confidential Matters 
 
 LA-1708025 LA-Promotional Support........................................................................SA-3 
 
 LA-1708026R1 LA-Aircraft Pre-Delivery Storage Agreement.........................................SA-4 
 
 LA-1708070 LA-Request for Boeing to Act as Importer of Record for Buyer-Furnished Equipment.............................................................................................SA-5 
 
 P.A. 04749 SA-6 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707961R3 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Honolulu International Airport 
 PO Box 30008 
 Honolulu, HI 96820-0008 
 
 Subject Flexible Delivery Rights 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787-9 aircraft Aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 1. Flexible Delivery Rights . 
 At the time of Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to the Purchase Agreement, Customer and Boeing have agreed to the delivery schedule of twelve (12) Aircraft as described in Table 1. As a condition of the business considerations provided under Supplemental Agreement No. 6, Boeing will provide Customer with , as of the date of this Letter Agreement Flexible Delivery Rights ), subject to the following conditions 
 
 1.1 
 1.1.1 . 
 1.1.2 . 
 1.2 
 1.2.1 . 
 1.2.2 . 
 1.3 . 
 1.4 . 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

2. Written Notice . 
 
 Customer must notify Boeing in writing no later than months prior to the . 
 
 3. Confidentiality . 
 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708023. 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. By Its 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Honolulu International Airport 
 PO Box 30008 
 Honolulu, HI 96820-0008 
 
 Subject Advance Payment Matters 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04749 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787-9 aircraft Aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 1. Alternative Advance Payment Schedule . 
 
 1.1 Notwithstanding the Advance Payment Schedule contained in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement, Customer may pay advance payments, according to the following schedule, for the ten (10) Aircraft on order as of the date of signing the Purchase Agreement, and for . 
 
 Due Date of Payment Amount Due per Aircraft 
 (Percentage times Advance Payment Base Price) 
 
 Within of 
 executing the Purchase Agreement 
 
 prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 Total 
 
 1.2 Notwithstanding the Advance Payment Schedule contained in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement, for the two (2) Aircraft with added to the Purchase Agreement pursuant to Supplemental Agreement No. 6, Customer will pay advance payments according to the following schedule 
 
 Due Date of Payment Amount Due per Aircraft 
 (Percentage times Advance Payment Base Price) 

prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 prior to the first 
 day of the scheduled delivery 
 month of the Aircraft 
 
 Total 
 
 2. Assignment . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 3. Confidential Treatment . 
 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708023. 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. By Its 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708012R4 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Honolulu International Airport 
 PO Box 30008 
 Honolulu, HI 96820-0008 
 
 Subject Special Matters 
 
 References 1) Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787-9 Aircraft Aircraft 
 2) Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708014 entitled Aircraft Model Substitution Aircraft Model Substitution Letter and 
 3) Letter Agreement HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708015R1 entitled Right to Purchase Additional Aircraft Purchase Rights Letter 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement shall have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 1.1 Credit Memoranda . In consideration of , at the time of delivery of each such Aircraft, unless otherwise noted, Boeing will provide to Customer the following credit memorandum 
 
 1.1.1 . 
 
 1.2 
 
 1.2.1 . 
 
 1.2.2 . 
 
 1.3 Fleet Transition Credit Memoranda . In consideration of , Boeing will provide the following credit memoranda 
 
 1.3.1 . 
 
 1.3.2 
 
 1.3.2.1 . 
 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

1.3.2.2 . 
 
 1.3.3 . 
 
 1.3.4 . 
 
 1.3.5 . 
 
 1.3.6 . 
 
 1.3.7 . 
 
 1.3.8 . 
 
 1.4 Purchase Right Credit Memoranda . In the event that Customer exercises Purchase Right Aircraft as defined in the Purchase Rights Letter, including the Purchase Right Aircraft to be purchased pursuant to Supplemental Agreement No. 6 to the Purchase Agreement, Boeing will provide to Customer the following credit memoranda. 
 
 1.4.1 . 
 
 1.4.2 . 
 
 1.4.3 . 
 
 1.5 . 
 
 1.6 . 
 Table 1 

1.7 . 
 Table 2 

1.8 . 
 
 1.9 . 
 
 1.10 . 
 
 1.11 . 
 
 2. Business Considerations Under Supplemental Agreement No. 4. 
 
 2.1 Not Used. 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

2.2 Not Used. 
 2.3 . 
 3. Assignment. Unless otherwise noted herein, the Credit Memoranda described in this Letter Agreement are provided as a financial accommodation to Customer and in consideration of Customer s taking title to the Aircraft at time of delivery and becoming the operator of the Aircraft. This Letter Agreement and the Credit Memoranda described herein cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 4. Confidentiality . Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708023. 
 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. By Its 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708019R2 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Honolulu International Airport 
 PO Box 30008 
 Honolulu, HI 96820-0008 
 
 Subject Program 
 
 References a) Purchase Agreement No. PA-04749 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787 aircraft Aircraft 
 b) Customer Services General Terms Agreement No. 2A CSGTA between Boeing and Customer 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Boeing understands that Customer s . In consideration of Customer purchasing and taking delivery of the Aircraft in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, Boeing is pleased to offer to Customer . 
 
 Each Aircraft listed in Table 1 as of the date of signing of this Letter Agreement will be covered by this Program Program Aircraft ). 
 
 1. Program Description and Requirements . 
 
 1.1 Under the Program, at delivery of each Program Aircraft Boeing will provide . 
 
 1.2 . 
 
 2. . 
 
 . 
 
 2.1 . 
 
 2.2 . 
 
 2.2.1 and 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

2.2.2 . 
 
 3. Removal of a Program Aircraft . 
 
 3.1 Should a Program Aircraft cease to be operated by Customer due to sale, lease or any other disposition Departing Aircraft ), Customer will make reasonable efforts to notify Boeing no later than days prior to such disposal event. 
 
 3.2 . 
 
 3.2.1 . 
 
 4. Term . 
 
 . 
 
 5. Termination of the Program . 
 
 . In such case Customer remains obligated to pay any outstanding invoices. 
 
 6. Regulatory Agency Approval . 
 
 6.1 . 
 
 6.2 . 
 
 7. Assignment . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 8. Confidentiality . 
 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708023. 

Very truly yours, 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE BOEING COMPANY By Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. By Its 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 

HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708022R2 
 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Honolulu International Airport 
 PO Box 30008 
 Honolulu, HI 96820-0008 
 
 Subject Cap and Share Escalation Program 
 
 Reference Purchase Agreement No. 04749 Purchase Agreement between The Boeing Company Boeing and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Customer relating to Model 787-9 aircraft Aircraft 
 
 This letter agreement Letter Agreement amends and supplements the Purchase Agreement. All terms used but not defined in this Letter Agreement will have the same meaning as in the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 1. Definitions . 
 
 Airframe Price Adjustment means the price adjustment as defined in Supplemental Exhibit AE1 to the Purchase Agreement. 
 
 Capped Period means the period beginning and continuing through (or, if later, the latest scheduled delivery month which may apply to the Aircraft following the exercise of any slide rights pursuant to LA-1707961R3). 
 
 Escalation Forecast means the bi-annual escalation forecast Boeing issues in February and August based on Boeing s then current ECI-W ICI escalation formula. 
 
 Escalation Notice means the written communication from Boeing to Customer in accordance with Article 3. 
 
 Program Aircraft means each Aircraft in Table 1 of the Purchase Agreement as of the date of this Letter Agreement and any exercised Option or Purchase Right Aircraft scheduled to deliver within the Capped Period. 
 
 Sharing Rate means the Threshold Cap factor plus of . The Sharing Rate factor will never exceed . 
 
 Threshold Cap means as set forth in Attachment B. 
 
 Midpoint Limit means as set forth in Attachment B. 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 1 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

Upper Limit means as set forth in Attachment B. 
 
 2. Applicability . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of the Purchase Agreement, the Escalation Adjustment for the Airframe Price and Optional Features Prices for each Program Aircraft during the Capped Period will be determined in accordance with this Letter Agreement. 
 
 3. Notice of Airframe Price Forecast prior to Delivery . 
 
 3.1 Between and months prior to a Program Aircraft scheduled delivery month, Boeing will review the Escalation Forecast in accordance with Attachment A. The Escalation Forecast period applicable to a given Program Aircraft is set forth in Attachment A. 
 
 3.2 If the Escalation Forecast projects that the escalation factor used in the Airframe Price Adjustment will be greater than the Upper Limit factor for the scheduled delivery month of a given Program Aircraft, then the Escalation Notice will, in Boeing's sole discretion, either 
 
 3.2.1 or 
 
 3.2.2 provide Customer with the option of either 
 
 (i) . 
 
 (ii) . 
 
 3.3 If Boeing provides Customer the options described in Article 3.2.2, then Customer will notify Boeing in writing of its election of 3.2.2(i) or 3.2.2(ii) within business days of its receipt of such Escalation Notice from Boeing. 
 
 3.3.1 If Customer elects option 3.2.2(ii), then the parties will have up to calendar days to for the specific Program Aircraft. If after calendar days, the parties fail to , Customer may . If Customer elects to , in accordance with this Article, then 
 
 (i) , and 
 
 (ii) . 
 
 3.3.2 . 
 
 3.3.3 
 
 3.4 . 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 2 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

4. Airframe Price Adjustment at Delivery . 
 
 4.1 
 
 4.1.1 . 
 
 4.1.2 . 
 
 4.1.3 . 
 
 4.2 . 
 
 5. Effect on Advance Payments . 
 
 The amount and timing of advance payments Customer is required to pay to Boeing pursuant to the Purchase Agreement are unaffected by any terms set forth in this Letter Agreement. 
 
 6. Applicability to Other Financial Consideration . 
 
 . 
 
 7. Assignment . 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Purchase Agreement, the rights and obligations described in this Letter Agreement are provided to Customer in consideration of Customer becoming the operator of the Aircraft and cannot be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Boeing. 
 
 8. Confidentiality . 
 
 Customer and Boeing understand that certain commercial and financial information contained in this Letter Agreement are considered by Boeing and Customer as confidential and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Letter Agreement No. HWI-PA-04749-LA-1708023. 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 3 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

Very truly yours, 
 
 THE BOEING COMPANY By Its Attorney-In-Fact ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO this Date HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. By Its 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 4 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

ATTACHMENT A 
 
 ESCALATION FORECAST & ESCALATION NOTICE DATE 
 
 Escalation Forecast Applicable to Program Aircraft Delivering in Time Period Escalation Notice Date 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 5 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

ATTACHMENT B 
 
 CUMULATIVE ANNUAL ESCALATION FACTORS 
 
 BASE YEAR 
 
 Delivery Date Escalation Factors 
 Escalation Factors 
 Escalation Factors 
 Escalation Factors 
 
 SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 6 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 7 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 8 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

The Boeing Company 
 P.O. Box 3707 
 Seattle, WA 98124-2207 

SA-6 
 HWI-PA-04749-LA-1707966R1 Page 9 
 BOEING PROPRIETARY 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.44>
 4
 ex1044_projectavion-atsawi.htm
 EX-10.44

Document 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 THE USE OF THE FOLLOWING NOTATION IN THIS EXHIBIT INDICATES THAT THE CONFIDENTIAL PORTION HAS BEEN OMITTED PURSUANT TO ITEM 601(b)(10)(iv) WHEREBY CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED BECAUSE IT IS BOTH NOT MATERIAL AND WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO THE REGISTRANT IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED 
 AIR TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 DATED AS OF OCTOBER 20, 2022 
 BETWEEN 
 HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. 
 AND 
 AMAZON.COM SERVICES LLC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 2. SERVICES 
 10 
 2.1 Services 
 10 
 2.2 Third Party Carriers 
 10 
 2.3 Forecasts and Non-Binding Estimates 
 10 
 2.4 Service Levels Reporting 
 10 
 2.5 Non-Reimbursable Expenses 
 10 
 2.6 Reimbursable Expenses 
 12 
 2.7 Fuel 
 14 
 2.8 Ground Services 
 15 
 2.9 Training Provided by the Carrier 
 18 
 2.10 Schedule Modifications 
 18 
 2.11 Aircraft Operations 
 19 
 2.12 Operations for Third Parties 
 21 
 2.13 Force Majeure 
 22 
 2.14 Unavailability 
 23 
 2.15 Destruction or Casualty Loss of Aircraft 
 23 
 2.16 Sustainability Fuel Conservation 
 24 
 2.17 Reports, Audits and Record Retention 
 25 
 2.18 Information Technology Systems 
 25 
 2.19 Designated Point of Contact 
 25 
 2.20 Continuous Improvement 
 26 
 2.21 Aircraft Maintenance Technician 
 26 
 2.22 IATA BSP Electronic Data Interchange 
 26 
 2.23 Livery 
 26 
 2.24 Maintenance Process. 
 26 
 3. PAYMENT 
 28 
 3.1 Payment Amounts 
 28 
 3.2 Start-Up Costs 
 28 
 3.3 Payment for Cancellation of Flights 
 29 
 3.4 Invoices and Payment 
 29 
 4. TERM AND TERMINATION 
 29 
 4.1 Term Renewal Option 
 29 
 4.2 Amazon Termination for Convenience 
 29 
 4.3 Amazon Early Termination Fee 
 29 
 4.4 Payment of Amazon Early Termination Fee 
 29 
 4.5 Hawaiian Termination for Convenience 
 30 
 4.6 Events of Default Remedies 
 30 
 4.7 No Termination or Other Payment on Expiration 
 32 
 
 i 

4.8 Work Orders 
 32 
 4.9 Post-Expiration Agreement 
 33 
 4.10 Survival 
 33 
 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES COVENANTS 
 33 
 5.1 Authority 
 33 
 5.2 Organization Binding Agreement 
 33 
 5.3 Service Representations 
 34 
 5.4 Proprietary Rights 
 34 
 5.5 Compliance 
 34 
 5.6 Common Carrier 
 35 
 5.7 Filings 
 35 
 5.8 No Liens 
 35 
 5.9 Flight Operations 
 35 
 5.10 Trade Restrictions 
 36 
 6. CONFIDENTIALITY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 36 
 6.1 Confidentiality 
 36 
 6.2 Publicity and Use Restrictions 
 37 
 6.3 Work Product Ownership 
 37 
 6.4 Personal Information 
 37 
 7. DEFENSE INDEMNITY 
 38 
 8. LOSS OR DAMAGE TO GOODS 
 39 
 8.1 Liability Limit 
 39 
 8.2 Additional Coverage 
 40 
 8.3 Claims 
 40 
 8.4 Cooperation 
 40 
 9. INSURANCE 
 40 
 9.1 Hawaiian Provider Insurance Coverage 
 40 
 9.2 Additional Policy Requirements 
 42 
 9.3 Amazon Insurance 
 43 
 10. PERSONNEL INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
 43 
 10.1 Relationship of the Parties 
 43 
 10.2 Personnel 
 43 
 10.3 Subcontractors 
 44 
 11. TAXES 
 45 
 12. WORK ORDERS AND AMAZON AIRCRAFT LEASES SUBLEASES 
 45 
 12.1 Committed Aircraft 
 45 
 12.2 Additional Aircraft 
 46 
 12.3 Amazon Aircraft Configuration 
 46 
 13. GENERAL 
 46 
 13.1 Assignment by Hawaiian Providers 
 46 
 13.2 Assignment by Amazon 
 47 
 
 ii 

13.3 Governing Law Venue 
 47 
 13.4 Notices 
 47 
 13.5 Amendment and Waiver 
 47 
 13.6 Remedies 
 48 
 13.7 Construction 
 48 
 13.8 Third Party Shippers 
 48 
 13.9 Work Orders 
 49 
 13.10 Hazardous Materials Notifications 
 49 
 13.11 Counterparts 
 49 
 13.12 Limitations of Liabilities 
 49 
 13.13 Entire Agreement 
 50 
 13.14 Cooperation 
 52 
 13.15 Further Assurances 
 52 
 13.16 Priority Over Standard Forms 
 52 

Exhibit A Committed Aircraft 
 Exhibit B Form of Work Orders 
 Exhibit B-1 Form of CMI Work Order 
 Exhibit B-2 Form of ACMI Work Order 
 Exhibit B-3 Form of Blocked Space Work Order 
 Exhibit B-4 Form of Ground Services Work Order 
 
 Exhibit C Performance Standards 
 Exhibit D Invoices Payments Deposits Weekly Activity Statements 
 Exhibit E Price Schedule 
 Exhibit F Flight Schedule 
 Exhibit G USPS Provisions 
 Exhibit H Third Party Information Security Requirements 
 Exhibit I Form of Sublease for Amazon Aircraft 
 Exhibit J Baseline Configuration 

iii 

AIR TRANSPORTATION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This Air Transportation Services Agreement, attached Exhibits and Schedules, and applicable Work Orders (collectively, this Agreement dated as of October 20, 2022 Effective Date is entered into between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware Hawaiian ), and Amazon.com Services LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware Amazon.com Services ). 
 RECITALS 
 Hawaiian, through the Hawaiian Providers (as defined in Section 1 ), provides air cargo transportation and related services 
 Amazon operates an international e-commerce business distribution network 
 The Parties desire to enter into an arrangement for Hawaiian to provide air cargo transportation and related services to Amazon pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and 
 The Parties also desire to have Hawaiian issue warrants to Amazon.com, Inc. (a Delaware corporation of which Amazon.com Services and its Affiliates are wholly owned subsidiaries) to purchase shares representing a total of of Hawaiian s common stock. 
 In consideration of the premises, and of the representations, warranties, covenants, and agreements set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, the signatories to this Agreement agree as set forth herein. 
 AGREEMENT 
 1. DEFINITIONS 
 ACMI Services means Services provided by a Carrier under an ACMI Work Order on an aircraft, crew, maintenance, and insurance basis using the dedicated cargo capacity of an entire Hawaiian Aircraft. 
 ACMI Work Order means a Work Order in the form of Exhibit B-2 . 
 Additional Aircraft means any Aircraft not listed in Exhibit A that becomes subject to an ACMI or CMI Work Order after the Effective Date. 
 Additional Insureds is defined in Section 9.2 . 
 Additional Spare Parts is defined in Section 2.6.13 . 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified entity, any other entity that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such specified entity, 
 1 

where control means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, or otherwise. 
 
 Agreed Value means . 
 Agreement is defined in the Preamble, as it may be amended, amended and restated, or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Aircraft means any Amazon Aircraft or Hawaiian Aircraft used to provide the Services. 
 Amazon means collectively, unless otherwise specified, Amazon.com Services and any of its Affiliates for which a Hawaiian Provider performs Services pursuant to a Work Order in accordance with Section 13.9 . 
 Amazon Aircraft means an Aircraft that is owned by or leased to Amazon and leased or subleased to a Carrier under this Agreement. 
 Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance means 
 
 Amazon Aircraft Lease means a lease for an Amazon Aircraft entered into between Amazon (or one of its Affiliates) and a Carrier under this Agreement, in a form to be mutually agreed containing industry standard commercial terms, subject to and incorporating, as applicable, the requirements of any financing party. 
 Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease means, as applicable (a) an Amazon Aircraft Lease if the Aircraft is owned by Amazon or an Amazon Affiliate or (b) or Amazon Aircraft Sublease if the Aircraft is owned by a third party and leased to Amazon or an Amazon Affiliate. 
 Amazon Aircraft Sublease means a sublease for an Amazon Aircraft entered into between Amazon (or one of its Affiliates) and a Carrier under this Agreement, which will be in the form of Exhibit I for the Committed Aircraft and any Additional Aircraft with the same head lessor, or, for any Additional Aircraft with a different head lessor, in a form to be mutually agreed containing industry standard commercial terms, subject to and incorporating, as applicable, the requirements of Amazon s third party lessor and any financing party. 
 Amazon Early Termination Fee is defined in Section 4.3 . 
 Amazon Indemnified Parties is defined in Section 7.1 . 
 Amazon Leadership Representative means a Director of Amazon, a Vice President of Amazon, or such individual(s) as Amazon may designate from time to time in writing to Hawaiian. 
 Amazon Parties is defined in Section 9.1.5 . 
 2 

Amazon Reports and Electronic Communications is defined in Section 2 of Exhibit C . 
 Amazon Spare Request is defined in Section 2.11.3 . 
 Amazon Subcontractor Claim is defined in Section 10.3 . 
 Amazon.com Services is defined in the Preamble. 
 APU means auxiliary power unit. 
 Arrival Performance is defined in Section 4.1 of Exhibit C . 
 Availability Window is defined in Section 2.11.4 . 
 Baseline Configuration means, for the applicable Aircraft type, the Baseline Configuration included in Exhibit J . 
 Blocked Space is defined in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 Blocked Space Arrival Performance is defined in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 Blocked Space Performance Standards is defined in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 Blocked Space Services means Services provided by Hawaiian under a Blocked Space Work Order on a blocked space basis using less than the full cargo capacity of a Hawaiian Aircraft and, as well as all necessary Ground Services. 
 Blocked Space Work Order means a mutually agreed Work Order in the form of Exhibit B-3 . 
 Block Hour means each hour that the Aircraft is operated on a flight in the performance of the Services, computed from removal of the wheel chocks from the front of the Aircraft until the placement of wheels chocks in front of the Aircraft at the end of such flight and rounded to the nearest tenth of an hour. 
 Business Days is defined in Section 13.7 . 
 CAA means, as applicable, the United States Federal Aviation Administration, United States Department of Transportation, United States Transportation Security Administration, and any other Governmental Entity that has control or supervision of civil aviation in a country or jurisdiction over a Carrier, an Aircraft, or the Services. 
 Cargo Recovery Time is defined and set forth in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 3 

Cargo Services means, as applicable (a) unloading Amazon s (or any Amazon designee s) cargo from the ground transportation vehicle (b) loading the cargo onto Amazon s ground transportation vehicle at destination (c) documentation check (d) container build break (e) warehousing (f) providing all cargo handling Personnel and equipment (including ULDs) and (g) X-ray and all screening as required by applicable Laws. 
 Cargo Tender Time is defined and set forth in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 Carrier is defined in Section 2.2 . 
 Carrier s Costs is defined in Exhibit E . 
 Carrier Delay is defined in Exhibit C . 
 Carrier Work Order is defined in Section 2.2 and, for clarity, includes ACMI Work Orders, CMI Work Orders, and Blocked Space Work Orders. 
 Change of Control means, with respect to Hawaiian (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, in a transaction or series of transactions of equity securities in Hawaiian representing more than 50 of either the aggregate voting power or the aggregate equity value represented by the issued and outstanding equity securities in same, whether as a result of a merger, consolidation, reorganization (including under the any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws), stock purchase transaction, issuances of equity securities or otherwise, by any other Person or group of other Persons (b) a sale, assignment, transfer, contribution or other disposition, directly or indirectly, of all or substantially all of the property, business, or assets of Hawaiian to any other Person or group of other Persons or (c) the dissolution or liquidation of Hawaiian. 
 CMI Services means Services provided by a Carrier under a CMI Work Order on a crew, maintenance, and insurance basis using an Amazon Aircraft. 
 CMI Work Order means a Work Order in the form of Exhibit B-1 . 
 Claims is defined in Section 7.1 . 
 Committed Aircraft means the Amazon Aircraft listed in Exhibit A . 
 Common Carrier means any Person that is in the regular business of providing transportation services or transporting freight (as distinguished from a private carrier that only transports occasionally or as a one-time-only event). 
 Compliance Requirements is defined in Section 5.5 . 
 Contract Year means each period during the Term of this Agreement beginning October 20 through the next following October 19. 
 4 

EHM Data is defined in Section 2.24.4 . 
 Effective Date is defined in the Preamble. 
 ETOPS is defined in Section 2.5.1 . 
 Event of Default is defined in Section 4.6 . 
 Excluded Claims is defined in Section 8.1 . 
 Expiration Date is defined in Section 4.8 . 
 Excluded Claims is defined in Section 8.1 . 
 Fixed Monthly Charge is defined in the Price Schedule. 
 Flight Crew means a flight crew consisting of one captain and one first officer. 
 Flight Cycle means a cycle consisting of one takeoff and one landing. 
 Flight Operations Requirements is defined in Section 5.9 . 
 Flight Schedule is defined in Section 2.10.1 . 
 Force Majeure is defined in Section 2.13 . 
 Fuel Charges is defined in Section 2.6.1 . 
 Fuel Optimization Program means Hawaiian s fuel optimization program provided to Amazon by Hawaiian on September 30, 2022. 
 GOM means a Carrier s CAA-approved Ground Operations Manual. 
 Governmental Entity means (a) any national government, any political subdivision thereof, or local authority therein, whether foreign or domestic (b) any agency, board, commission, department, division, organ, instrumentality, or court of any of the foregoing, however constituted and (c) any organization, association, or institution, of which any of the foregoing is a member or to whose jurisdiction it is subject or in whose activities it is a participant. 
 GPU means ground power unit. 
 Ground Handling Services means (a) transportation of cargo to and from warehouse storage to Aircraft (i.e., airside) (b) ground handling of Aircraft (including aircraft load and unload) (c) fueling of aircraft (d) ramp handling and (e) all aircraft weight and balance. 
 Ground Services means both Ground Handling Services and Cargo Services. 
 5 

Ground Services Work Order is defined in Section 2.8.1 . 
 Hawaiian is defined in the Preamble. 
 Hawaiian ACMI Aircraft means a Hawaiian Aircraft subject to an ACMI Work Order. 
 Hawaiian Aircraft means an Aircraft provided by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Affiliate to be used in connection with the performance of the Services. 
 Hawaiian C Check Costs means . 
 
 Hawaiian Early Termination Fee is defined in Section 4.5 . 
 Hawaiian Indemnified Parties is defined in Section 7.3 . 
 Hawaiian Providers means collectively, unless otherwise specified, any Hawaiian Affiliate that performs Services for Amazon pursuant to a Work Order in accordance with Section 13.9 . 
 Hazardous Materials is defined in Section 13.10 . 
 Hawaiian Maintenance means any maintenance services that are not specifically Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance. 
 Hawaiian Subcontractor Claim is defined in Section 10.3 . 
 Heavy Maintenance Plan is defined in Section 2.24.2 . 
 IATA means the International Air Transportation Association. 
 ICAO means the International Civil Aviation Organization. 
 Income Taxes is defined in Section 11 . 
 Initial Term is defined in Section 4.1 . 
 In-Service Date means the date that Hawaiian actually begins operating an Aircraft on flights in the Amazon network (including as a Network Spare). 
 Insurance Requirements is defined in Section 9.2 . 
 KPI is defined and set forth in the applicable Ground Services Work Order. 
 Law means (a) any statute, regulation, by-law, ordinance, or subordinate legislation in force to which a Party is subject (b) the common law as applicable to the Parties (c) any binding court order, judgment, or decree to which a Party is subject (d) any applicable industry code, policy or standard, in each case enforceable by law (e) any applicable treaty or convention 
 6 

ratified by any applicable Governmental Entity, including the Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to International Carriage by Air signed in Warsaw, Poland on 12 October 1929, as amended, and the Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules for International Carriage by Air signed in Montreal, Canada on 28 May 1999, as amended and (f) all applicable statutory and all other rules, guidance regulations, instruments and provisions in force including the rules, codes of conduct, codes of practice, practice requirements guidance, and accreditation terms stipulated by any Governmental Entity to which any Party is subject (for clarity, including rules of air navigation services providers and airport authorities). 
 Maintenance Data means Aircraft maintenance data for each Aircraft, including current maintenance status, Flight Crew and maintenance log pages, ACARS data, Aircraft minimum equipment list, engineering order database, maintenance program manual, maintenance planning, gateway capabilities (including staffing, qualifications, capabilities, tooling, equipment, and spare parts at each gateway), tracking of materials for scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, Aircraft trend analysis and reliability data, and engine performance data, in each case including data extraction capability, if available. 
 Maintenance Fuel means any aircraft fuel used outside of the loading unloading process and in connection with Hawaiian Maintenance (e.g., for engine runs or to power the APU), calculated using a deemed fuel burn rate of lbs. of fuel per hour. 
 Monthly Disincentive Credit is defined in Section 4.1 of Exhibit C . 
 Monthly Incentive Bonus is defined in Section 4.1 of Exhibit C . 
 Monthly Invoice is defined in Section 4 of Exhibit D . 
 NDA is defined in Section 6.1 . 
 Network Spare is defined in Section 2.11.4 . 
 NTSB means the National Transportation Safety Board. 
 OEM means for any Aircraft, engine, or part or component thereof, the original equipment manufacturer. 
 Operating Authority is defined in Section 5.9 . 
 ORR is defined in Section 2.24.4 . 
 Party means Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services and, as applicable, any Hawaiian Provider or Amazon Affiliate to the extent that such Hawaiian Provider or Amazon Affiliate is a party to a current Work Order. 
 Performance Standards is defined in Section 2.4 . 
 7 

Person means any body, corporate entity, association, partnership, joint venture, organization, individual, business or other trust or any other entity or organization of any kind or character, including a court or other Governmental Entity. 
 Personal Information is defined in Section 6.4 . 
 Personnel means the employees, contractors, subcontractors, agents, and representatives of an entity. 
 Post-Expiration Agreement is defined in Section 4.9 . 
 Price Schedule means (a) with respect to CMI Work Orders, the Price Schedule attached as Exhibit E to this Agreement and (b) with respect to all other Work Orders, the Price Schedule attached to such Work Order. 
 Proprietary Rights is defined in Section 5.4 . 
 Records is defined in Section 2.17 . 
 Retained Intellectual Property is defined in Section 6.3 . 

Scheduling Constraints means, collectively . 
 
 Security Programs is defined in Section 2.8.3 . 
 Services is defined in Section 2.1 . 
 Services Commencement Date means the date that Hawaiian will begin providing Services using an Aircraft and, with respect to the Committed Aircraft, is listed in Exhibit A . 
 SGHA is defined in Section 2.8.1 . 
 SLA is defined and set forth in the applicable Ground Services Work Order. 
 Spare Aircraft is defined in Section 2.11.3 . 
 Start-Up Costs is defined in Section 3.2 . 
 Substitute Aircraft is defined in Section 2.11.1 . 
 Supplemental Blocked Space is defined in the applicable Blocked Space Work Order. 
 Supplemental Flying is defined in Section 2.12 . 
 8 

Target Arrival Performance is defined in Exhibit C . 
 Taxes is defined in Section 11 . 
 Temporary Schedule Change is defined in Section 2.10.3 . 
 Term means the Initial Term and any renewal terms for which this Agreement may be extended pursuant to Section 4.1 . 
 Third Party Carrier is defined in Section 2.2 . 
 Third Party Charters is defined in Section 2.12.2 . 
 Third Party Shipper is defined in Section 13.8 . 
 Training is defined in Section 2.9 . 
 Transfer Taxes is defined in Section 11 . 
 Unit Load Devices or ULDs is defined in Section 5.9 . 
 Unscheduled Stop means an aircraft stop requested by Amazon that adds another destination stop to a route contained in the Flight Schedule. 
 USPS is defined in Section 2.8.11 . 
 USPS Prime Contracts is defined in Section 2.8.11 . 
 Variable Charge Per Block Hour means the rate specified in the Price Schedule for each Block Hour (or portion thereof) flown by an Aircraft in the performance of the Services. 
 Variable Charge Per Cycle means the rate specified in the Price Schedule for each Flight Cycle flown by an Aircraft in the performance of the Services. 
 Variable Charges means, collectively, the amounts due for the Variable Charge Per Block Hour and the Variable Charge Per Cycle. 
 Weekly Activity Statement is defined in Section 3 of Exhibit D . 
 Work Order means a Carrier Work Order, Ground Services Work Order, or any other work order entered into under this Agreement. 
 Work Order Aircraft is defined in the applicable ACMI Work Order or CMI Work Order. 
 Work Order Effective Date is defined in the applicable Work Order. 
 Work Order Services is defined in the applicable Work Order. 
 9 

2. SERVICES 
 2.1 Services . Hawaiian will provide, by itself or through Hawaiian Providers, the air cargo transportation, ground handling (as applicable), fuel, and other related services described in this Section 2 and in the Work Orders entered into between Amazon and Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider (collectively, the Services ). Other than Amazon Aircraft that Hawaiian may lease or sublease from Amazon and ground equipment or functions that Amazon may be responsible for pursuant to Section 2.8 , Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers will provide all equipment, Personnel, hardware, software, systems, documentation, facilities, resources, and supplies required to perform the Services. 
 2.2 Third Party Carriers . With the prior written consent of an Amazon Leadership Representative (which may be granted or withheld in Amazon s sole discretion), Hawaiian may contract for the performance of Services with an appropriately certificated and licensed third party cargo air carrier (a Third Party Carrier ). Hawaiian and any Third Party Carrier is referred to individually as a Carrier. References to Third Party Carriers in this Agreement do not imply that the use of Third Party Carriers will be permitted and, if Amazon consents to the use of a Third Party Carrier (a) Amazon s payment obligations will not exceed the amount that would have been paid by Amazon had the flights been operated by Hawaiian under the relevant Carrier Work Order and (b) Hawaiian will be solely responsible for the performance of the Third Party Carrier with respect to the determination of whether Hawaiian has met the Performance Standards. Hawaiian will remain jointly and severally responsible for the provision of Services notwithstanding any contracting of Services to any Third Party Carrier. Each Carrier performing CMI Services, ACMI Services, or Blocked Space Services under this Agreement will enter into a Carrier Work Order in the applicable form from Exhibit B (a Carrier Work Order and will be bound by the provisions of this Agreement with respect to such Carrier Work Order. 
 2.3 Forecasts and Non-Binding Estimates . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, Amazon makes no promises or representations whatsoever as to the amount of business Hawaiian or any of the Carriers can expect at any time under this Agreement. Amazon may give volume and other projections to Hawaiian or any Carrier, but any projections are speculative only and will not give rise to Amazon liability. Amazon may, in Amazon s sole discretion, engage the services of other companies that perform the same or similar services as those provided by Hawaiian and or the Hawaiian Providers. 
 2.4 Service Levels Reporting . Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers will comply with the service levels, procedures, reporting requirements, tracking requirements, and other performance standards set forth in the attached Exhibit C or any applicable Carrier Work Order (the Performance Standards ). 
 2.5 Non-Reimbursable Expenses . Hawaiian (by itself or through the applicable Hawaiian Provider) will be responsible for and provide, or cause to be provided, the following Personnel, services, equipment, and other items at their expense, without reimbursement by Amazon 
 10 

2.5.1 Flight Crews which will (a) possess current, valid licenses (b) be fully qualified to operate the Aircraft on the Flight Schedule in compliance with all applicable Laws (c) be employees of the Carrier and (d) be qualified for Extended-range Twin-engine Operational Performance Standards ETOPS 
 2.5.2 For each Flight Crew (a) operational oversight and training (b) catering and meals (c) visas, work permits, endorsements, airport ID badges access cards and (d) compensation, benefits, transportation, hotel accommodations, uniforms, uniform cleaning, and per diem, as well as, for clarity, any increases in such expenses resulting from changes to, or in the interpretation of, the Carrier s collective bargaining agreement (unless directly attributable to a change in applicable Law relating directly to crew duty times and rest periods, in which case the Carrier will provide notice to Amazon of the specific change in applicable Law and supporting data and documentation that must be reasonably acceptable to Amazon) 
 2.5.3 All Hawaiian Maintenance and coordination and oversight of the scheduling, induction, maintenance provider management, and return to service of Aircraft in connection with all maintenance 
 2.5.4 Dispatch, flight planning, and flight-following services, including ARINC or other radio communications services 
 2.5.5 In-flight communications 
 2.5.6 Exterior cleaning of the Aircraft 
 2.5.7 Spare parts, including engine spare parts, avionics, rotables, expendables, tires, brakes, accessory items (including transportation costs), except to the extent that the spare parts are (a) the responsibility of Amazon under Sections 2.6.11 , 2.6.13 , or 2.6.14 , (b) replacement engine line replaceable units to the extent covered under Amazon s Program and not related to or arising out of an act or omission of a Carrier, or (c) otherwise subject to a separate agreement between the Parties, except that the Carrier may transport onboard each Aircraft, without charge (y) a fly-away kit and (z) aircraft parts and materials for the Aircraft on a reasonable, space-available basis 
 2.5.8 All administrative and overhead services of the Carrier, including with respect to compliance with Laws and the provision of the authorizations, permits, and approvals, subject to Sections 2.5.12 and 2.6.2 
 2.5.9 All facilities necessary for the provision of the Services, except as otherwise provided by Amazon pursuant to Section 2.8 
 2.5.10 All existing ground equipment, including GPUs, towing pushback equipment and air start units that are owned by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider and located at the locations identified in the Flight Schedule, except that Amazon will be responsible for the operation, maintenance, and repair of such equipment to the extent that 
 11 

Amazon s responsibilities, if any, are expressly provided for under a Work Order, as described in Section 2.8.1 
 2.5.11 Maintenance Fuel 
 2.5.12 Compliance with the requirements of any applicable Governmental Entity (for clarity, including any pest control requirements, but excluding any requirements applicable to cargo before it is loaded on an Aircraft, which will be reimbursable by Amazon) 
 2.5.13 Services provided by Hawaiian under Sections 2.7 or 2.8 
 2.5.14 All Aircraft ferry and repositioning costs in connection with Blocked Space Services 
 2.5.15 Positioning or de-positioning of Aircraft (for clarity, including the use of a Network Spare as a Spare Aircraft) for delays or cancellations resulting from a Carrier Delay, and, except as specifically provided in Section 2.6.7, initial Aircraft positioning costs at the start of each ACMI Work Order and final de-positioning of an Aircraft subject to a terminated ACMI Work Order. 
 For clarity, this Section 2.5 is in no way intended to limit Hawaiian s utilization of the Start-Up Costs with respect to items that are deemed non-reimbursable hereunder. 
 2.6 Reimbursable Expenses . Except to the extent provided in accordance with Section 2.5 , a Work Order, or this Section 2.6 , and without limiting its obligations under this Agreement, Hawaiian or the relevant Hawaiian Provider will provide or cause to be provided the Personnel, Services, equipment, and other items set forth in this Section 2.6 , subject to reimbursement by Amazon to Hawaiian of the reasonable, documented out of pocket costs actually incurred and paid, directly or indirectly, by Hawaiian or the Hawaiian Provider to a third party that is not Hawaiian or one of its Affiliates (for clarity, the requirement that such costs be reasonable will not apply to expenses incurred indirectly by Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider that are reimbursable by Amazon pursuant to Section 13.13.3 of this Agreement), which will be included in invoices provided in accordance with Exhibit D 
 2.6.1 Aircraft fuel (including taxes and environmental assessments, into-plane fees, and Amazon s pro rata portion of any consortium fees, but excluding Maintenance Fuel and net of any fuel tax credits or rebates received by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider) for operations conducted under this Agreement, subject to the requirements of Section 2.7 Fuel Charges 
 2.6.2 Enroute fees, air traffic control fees, navigational fees, and airport charges (slot application fees, ramp fees, parking fees, landing departure fees) 
 2.6.3 Aircraft handling charges (including any airport concessions costs), including with respect to pushbacks, marshaling, lavatory, water, cleaning of cargo compartments, use of GPU, air start units, steps, and towing 
 12 

2.6.4 Deicing fluid and deicing services 
 2.6.5 Customs fees, permits, duties, and import export fees 
 2.6.6 All costs associated with diversions due to adverse weather or leaking, smoking, or damaged cargo to the extent tendered by Amazon in such condition 
 2.6.7 Positioning or de-positioning of the Aircraft for Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance, schedule changes not included in the Flight Schedule or other non-scheduled moves made at Amazon s request (for clarity, excluding any positioning or de-positioning flights resulting from a Carrier Delay), initial positioning of an Aircraft at the commencement of a CMI Work Order and final de-positioning of an Aircraft following termination of a CMI Work Order, and initial positioning of an Aircraft from any location in the United States at the commencement of an ACMI Work Order and final de-positioning of an Aircraft to any location in the United States following termination of an ACMI Work Order 
 2.6.8 
 2.6.9 Noise and emission taxes, fees, and assessments not within the reasonable control of the Carrier and arising directly as a result of Services performed under a Carrier Work Order 
 2.6.10 Rent and any other amounts payable by the Carrier to Amazon under an Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease subject to the corresponding CMI or ACMI Work Order, except that the Parties may elect in writing to offset such amounts against those payable by Amazon to the Carrier so that no cash settlement is necessary 
 2.6.11 Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance to the extent performed by or otherwise invoiced through (pursuant to the agreement of the Parties) a Hawaiian Provider. For clarity, except for the foregoing, all Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance will be performed by a CAA-approved maintenance provider to be selected and contracted directly by Amazon, subject to approval by Hawaiian (not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned) 
 2.6.12 Any pass through of insurance costs in accordance with the Insurance Requirements as indicated on the Price Schedule 
 2.6.13 
 2.6.14 and 
 2.6.15 If requested by Amazon, charges for spare engines and APUs provided by Hawaiian during Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance at Hawaiian s cost without markup (for clarity, if Amazon provides a spare engine or APU during Hawaiian Maintenance, Hawaiian will reimburse Amazon at Amazon s cost without markup). 
 13 

Hawaiian will notify Amazon of its internal departments, Hawaiian Providers, or third party subcontractors, responsible for performance of Services and provision of assets under this Section 2.6 , including reasonably requested details regarding those arrangements and operations. Hawaiian will use, and will cause the Hawaiian Providers to use, all commercially reasonable efforts to minimize costs and expenses pursuant to which Amazon has a direct or indirect reimbursement obligation under this Agreement and will invoice expenses to Amazon without markup and with the benefit of any discount received by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider. 
 2.7 Fuel . 
 2.7.1 Fuel Purchasing . Hawaiian will purchase aircraft fuel and into-plane services from fuel suppliers, distributors and into-plane providers to support the Services provided by the Carriers pursuant to the Agreement. Hawaiian will facilitate the establishment and maintenance of agreements and customer accounts between the Carriers and fuel suppliers, distributors and into-plane providers that are qualified by the Carriers at such locations and will arrange for the purchase of aircraft fuel and into-plane services in conjunction with the departure times and days specified in the Flight Schedule. Hawaiian will cause or arrange for the fuel suppliers, distributors and into-plane providers to invoice the Carriers directly for aircraft fuel and into-plane services. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Amazon may, by providing written notice to Hawaiian, elect to purchase fuel for the Aircraft at one or more locations. The Parties acknowledge and agree that any fuel provided to a Carrier by Amazon is provided as is and without warranty of any kind, including the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, by Amazon, and that no warranties by, through or under Amazon will be implied by Law, provided, however, that the Carrier will have the right to approve any fuel supplier selected by Amazon (such approval not to be unreasonably conditioned, delayed, or withheld) and. . To the extent Amazon elects to purchase fuel, Hawaiian (a) hereby designates and authorizes Amazon and Amazon s Personnel to act as agents on behalf of each Carrier when purchasing fuel for the Aircraft and (b) agrees to assist Amazon in obtaining exemptions from fuel taxes or other charges and promptly provide all documentation and take all steps reasonably requested by Amazon in connection with same. 
 2.7.2 Fuel Reconciliation . Each month Hawaiian will prepare a fuel reconciliation log (with copies of relevant supporting documentation) on a weekly basis that will reflect the actual fuel used by the Aircraft in the provision of the ACMI Services and CMI Services, which Hawaiian will use to prepare invoices for fuel reimbursement under Exhibit D to this Agreement, as applicable. Hawaiian will also promptly provide a copy of the fuel reconciliation log to Amazon upon request. When an Aircraft enters service for Amazon under this Agreement (e.g., because it replaces or substitutes for another Aircraft, permanently or temporarily), or when an Aircraft leaves Amazon s service under this Agreement (e.g., because it is replaced, or because it was only temporarily substituting for another Aircraft) either Amazon or Hawaiian will reimburse the other for the cost of fuel in accordance with the following provisions of this Section 2.7 but also subject to Section 2.11.1 (Substitute Aircraft), Section 2.11.3 (Spare Aircraft), 
 14 

and Section 2.11.4 (Network Spares). When an Aircraft begins being utilized in the performance of Services under an ACMI Work Order, Amazon will reimburse Hawaiian for the cost of fuel on board the Aircraft prior to its first departure flight in the provision of such Services. When a Hawaiian Aircraft ceases being utilized in the performance of CMI Services or ACMI Services, Hawaiian will reimburse Amazon for the cost of all fuel on board the Aircraft at its last arrival on a flight in the performance of such Services. The per gallon fuel price for the above calculations will be the price per gallon paid at the last refuel of the Aircraft. 
 2.8 Ground Services . 
 2.8.1 Responsibility for Ground Services . Amazon will be responsible for providing, at its cost, all Ground Services except as and to the extent provided by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider at individual gateways as requested by Amazon. For all Ground Services, provided by a Hawaiian Provider the Parties will enter into one or more separate Ground Services Work Orders in the form of Exhibit B-4 . For clarity, neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider will be obligated to enter into any Ground Services Work Order. The pricing in Ground Services Work Orders will be mutually agreed and the pricing for Ground Services required in connection with Blocked Space Services will be included in the pricing for the Blocked Space Services. Hawaiian Providers entering into Ground Services Work Orders will be bound by the provisions of this Agreement with respect to such Ground Services Work Order, and Hawaiian will remain jointly and severally responsible for the provision of Services notwithstanding the contracting of Services to the Hawaiian Provider. Without limiting the provisions of any such Ground Services Work Order (a) the Hawaiian Provider will notify Amazon of its internal departments, or its third party subcontractors, responsible for performance of services and provision of assets under this Section 2.8 , including reasonably requested details regarding those arrangements and operations and (b) Amazon will reimburse Hawaiian for the reasonable, documented out of pocket costs if any, actually incurred by the Hawaiian Provider in securing and providing ULDs and related equipment specifically requested by Amazon in writing for use in providing the Services. To the extent Ground Handling Services or deicing services are provided by Amazon through a subcontractor, the Carriers will enter into an IATA Standard Ground Handling Agreement with such subcontractor SGHA ). 
 2.8.2 Personnel Training and Qualifications . Unless Ground Services are being provided by a Hawaiian Provider under a Ground Services Work Order as described in Section 2.8.1 , Amazon will ensure and require that all Personnel performing such ground handling and cargo handling functions are fully trained and qualified, and that all required training and evaluations are current and documented, in accordance with the relevant Carrier s CAA-approved programs and, further, that all equipment employed in providing such functions is serviceable, as determined in accordance with applicable CAA requirements and the Carrier s CAA-approved programs. Amazon s obligations under this Section 2.8 , are subject to (a) Carrier s compliance with its obligations under Section 2.9 and (b) Carrier providing Amazon with its GOM, Security Programs, and any other 
 15 

manuals with which Amazon will have to comply days in advance of Amazon performing any Ground Services (or with respect to any amendments to same, with sufficient time to enable Amazon to timely train its Personnel on the amendment, but in any event no less than days in advance of the effective date of the amendment). The Carrier will provide a copy of any program (or amendment) for which CAA approval is required at the same time such program (or amendment) is submitted to the CAA and will advise Amazon in writing immediately upon receipt of approval and provide a copy of the final approved program (or amendment) and any conditions attached to such approval. 
 2.8.3 Delegation of Security Functions . To the extent necessary for Amazon to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement, each Carrier will delegate to Amazon, and Amazon will accept the delegation of, the cargo security inspection functions mandated by any CAA, including as prescribed in the Carrier s CAA-approved programs (collectively, Security Programs ). Amazon will prepare and maintain logs of any such inspections in accordance with and to the extent required by the Security Program. 
 2.8.4 Amazon Personnel as Agents of the Carrier . To the extent necessary for Amazon to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement or any Work Order, Amazon and its Personnel are authorized to act as agents of the Carriers in connection with the issuance of airbills and other transportation documents, in the acceptance of materials and goods from shippers and in determining their suitability for air transportation and any other reasonably related matters. In such capacity, Amazon and its Personnel will be governed by and will act in compliance with the GOM, Security Programs, and applicable Law. Amazon and its Personnel will be authorized to act as an agent for each Carrier in determining whether to cause any materials or goods to be transported by the Carrier or to cause such materials or goods to be transported by any other air carrier on an interline or any other basis. Such authorization will include the power to complete and deliver interline manifests, airbills, or other required transportation documents. In such capacity, Amazon Personnel will meet or exceed the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to the Carrier in regard to employee training and qualifications for weight and balance, Hazardous Materials recognition, alcohol and drug testing, employee background checks, and similar matters, in accordance with applicable Laws for employees in safety sensitive positions. 
 2.8.5 Procedures Under the GOM . To the extent Amazon Personnel are performing the loading (including with respect to Hazardous Materials), weight and balance calculations, ramp operations, and fueling operations required by a CAA to be performed in connection with the ground handling functions, including the requirements under the GOM (a) the Carrier will be entitled, upon Business Days prior written notice to Amazon, to audit such employees, agents, and contractors as necessary to comply with CAA requirements and (b) Amazon s Personnel will not become the employees of the Carrier as a consequence thereof, but will be acting as agents for the Carrier when performing such loading, weight and balance, ramp operations, and fueling operations or calculations. Any Personnel not qualified or capable of performing such 
 16 

work will be identified to Amazon by the Carrier within Business Days following any such audit, and if requested to do so by the Carrier, such Personnel will be promptly removed from performing such work. 
 2.8.6 Transportation of Hazardous Materials . Amazon will have the right to tender for transport on the Aircraft cargo of a dangerous, hazardous, or offensive nature if (a) such cargo is properly identified, packed, marked, labeled, and placarded in accordance with applicable IATA and ICAO CAA dangerous goods and hazardous materials regulations (b) such transportation is in compliance with the GOM and all other applicable Laws and (c) the Carrier is authorized by the CAA to carry such cargo. 
 2.8.7 Aircraft Payload Limitations . Except with respect to Blocked Space Services, the maximum cargo payload for each flight of the Aircraft will be calculated using Amazon s designated weight and balance software in accordance with applicable CAA-approved Aircraft limits. The actual cargo payload capable of being carried on the Aircraft will be limited by either the weight or volume depending on which is exhausted first. Operating conditions or applicable CAA requirements may result in an increase or decrease in payload weight or volume limit. 
 2.8.8 Payload Reports . Except with respect to Blocked Space Services, the Carriers will provide to Amazon (a) preliminary maximum payload figures for each flight at least hours prior to the scheduled departure time set forth in the Flight Schedule and (b) final maximum payload figures for each flight at least hours prior to the scheduled departure time set forth in the Flight Schedule. This information will be communicated to Amazon operations via email at the email address provided by Amazon and updated from time to time, and will use the most recent aviation forecasts for the scheduled departure time of the flight. 
 2.8.9 Tender of Cargo . Cargo will be tendered by Amazon or any Amazon designee under the Carrier s air waybills, prepared, labeled, securely packaged, and ready for transportation by the Aircraft along with the (a) shipment destination (b) name and address of the recipient (c) nature of the cargo (d) particular marks numbers used (e) weight, quantity, volume, and dimensions of cargo and (f) any special circumstances or handling information, and otherwise in accordance with all applicable Laws. 
 2.8.10 Refusal to Transport . The Carrier may reasonably refuse to transport any cargo that (a) cannot be transported in accordance with Sections 2.8.6 , 2.8.7 , or 2.8.9 or (b) would otherwise reasonably endanger the safety or security of flight. 
 2.8.11 USPS Cargo . Amazon has entered into an agreement and may enter into additional agreements (the USPS Prime Contracts with the United States Postal Service USPS for the air transportation of USPS cargo on flights performed by Carriers under this Agreement. In connection with same, Hawaiian has reviewed and agrees that the Hawaiian Providers and their respective Personnel will comply, to the 
 17 

extent applicable for the Services being performed by Hawaiian, with all of the requirements provided in this Agreement, including those listed in Exhibit G . 
 2.9 Training Provided by the Carrier . Each Carrier will, upon days prior written request by Amazon, , provide, or cause to be provided training classes to qualify Amazon trainers (for clarity, including trainers from applicable Amazon vendors) to provide training to Amazon Personnel engaged in providing security, ground handling, and cargo handling functions in connection with the Services provided by the Carrier, including both initial, recurrent, and other required training in the Carrier s Security Programs, GOM, and other CAA-approved programs (collectively, Training ). The Training will be held in or their surrounding areas and will be provided at no charge to Amazon, except that the Training may be held at a different location if mutually agreed and, in such case, Amazon will be responsible for the reasonable and documented travel expenses of Hawaiian Personnel that are required to provide the Training in accordance with Amazon s standard travel policies. 
 2.10 Schedule Modifications . 
 2.10.1 Flight Schedule . The Parties will mutually agree on the initial flight schedule prior to the commencement of CMI Services and ACMI Services, which flight schedule will be in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F (as subsequently amended in accordance with Section 2.10.2 , the Flight Schedule ). 
 2.10.2 Amendments to the Flight Schedule . Subject to the Scheduling Constraints, the Flight Schedule may be amended or replaced by Amazon in its sole discretion at any time. Unless a shorter period is mutually agreed, Amazon will provide Hawaiian with (a) days prior written notice of any proposed amendment to the Flight Schedule that requires the opening of a new station where Hawaiian does not have then-current flight operations or an increase of greater than in the number of Flight Crews (in the aggregate) assigned to the then current Flight Schedule (or Flight Crews, whichever is greater) or (b) days prior written notice of any other proposed amendment to the Flight Schedule. Hawaiian will incorporate such amendments into the Flight Schedule days (in the case of subsection (a)) or days (in the case of subsection (b)) after receipt of such notice from Amazon. To the extent that Hawaiian does not begin operating according to the amended Flight Schedule at that time, Amazon will be credited for each day of delay on the next Monthly Invoice. Hawaiian must notify Amazon if it determines that any Flight Schedule is outside of the above parameters within Business Days of receipt of the Flight Schedule from Amazon, otherwise Hawaiian will be deemed to have accepted the Flight Schedule and waived any notice or other requirements hereunder. Hawaiian may only reject or request a change to Amazon s proposed amendments to the Flight Schedule on the basis that such proposed amendments do not comply with Scheduling Constraints, and, promptly after (but in any event within of providing its initial notification to Amazon), Hawaiian must provide a reasonably detailed written justification for such rejection or request for change, including references to the specific provisions of Hawaiian s collective bargaining agreements, any applicable Law and supporting data and documentation that must be acceptable to Amazon. Changes 
 18 

to the Flight Schedule will be electronically documented by Amazon and shared with Hawaiian. 
 2.10.3 Temporary Changes to the Flight Schedule . Amazon may request temporary changes (including, for clarity, changes that are temporary because they do not meet the notice requirements in Section 2.10.2 in the departure time, the scheduled air routes, the frequency, Availability Windows, or the destinations or stops outlined in the Flight Schedule without amending the Flight Schedule, (such a change without amendment to the Flight Schedule a Temporary Schedule Change ). Amazon will provide the relevant Carrier with prior written notice of each Temporary Schedule Change (including via email) and the Carrier will implement each Temporary Schedule Change as soon as reasonably practicable and will minimize any additional associated costs. The Carrier will promptly provide Amazon with its estimate of additional incremental costs that would arise from each proposed Temporary Schedule Change and, if Amazon determines to proceed with such Temporary Schedule Change after receiving such estimate, Amazon will reimburse Hawaiian for any additional incremental reasonable, documented out of pocket costs actually incurred by the Carrier arising from a Temporary Schedule Change in accordance with Section 2.6 and Exhibit D of this Agreement, up to the amount of such estimate. For clarity, any change included in the Flight Schedule pursuant to Section 2.10.2 will not be considered a Temporary Schedule Change under this Section 2.10.3 regardless to the duration of such change. . 
 2.10.4 Unscheduled Stops . For ACMI Services or CMI Services, the Carriers will make any commercially reasonable Unscheduled Stops, subject to (a) the Flight Operations Requirements (b) the requirements of the relevant Carrier s collective bargaining agreement or (c) applicable Law. Amazon will reimburse Hawaiian for any additional incremental reasonable, documented out of pocket costs actually incurred by such Carrier arising from an Unscheduled Stop in accordance with Section 2.6 and Exhibit D of this Agreement. 
 2.11 Aircraft Operations . 
 2.11.1 Substitute Aircraft . The Carriers may substitute for operation of the Flight Schedule any aircraft having the aggregate capacity and other performance characteristics reasonably necessary to handle the payload and timing requirements for such flights Substitute Aircraft ), except that (a) such substitution will not interfere with performance of Services in compliance with this Agreement and the corresponding Carrier Work Order (b) the Carriers will only provide such a Substitute Aircraft if Amazon approves of the substitution in writing (which will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned) and (c) the Carriers will reimburse Amazon for any landing fees or other costs (including incremental fuel burn, ferry flights and Variable Charges) in excess of those that Amazon would have incurred under Section 2.6 had the flights been operated with the affected Aircraft. 
 2.11.2 Reserved . 
 19 

2.11.3 Spare Aircraft . The Carriers may provide and operate one or more spare aircraft having the aggregate capacity and other performance characteristics reasonably necessary to handle the payload, flight schedule, and timing requirements for Carrier s flights Spare Aircraft in substitution for an Aircraft that is unavailable to perform the Services under the Flight Schedule due to a Carrier Delay. In addition, each Carrier may make one or more Spare Aircraft available at Amazon s request Amazon Spare Request to (a) perform flights that are not part of the Flight Schedule (for clarity, including as a standby Network Spare) or (b) substitute for an Aircraft that is unavailable due to a reason that is not attributable to a Carrier Delay. In the event that an Aircraft is unavailable due to a Carrier Delay and the Carrier provides or uses a Spare Aircraft (for clarity, including the use of a Network Spare as a Spare Aircraft), the Carrier will reimburse Amazon for any landing fees or other costs (including incremental fuel burn, ferry flights and Variable Charges) in excess of those that Amazon would have incurred had the flights been operated with the affected Aircraft. In the event that a Spare Aircraft is unavailable to substitute for an Aircraft that is unavailable due to a Carrier Delay, then the resulting cancellation or delay will be factored into the calculation of Arrival Performance for the relevant period. Amazon will compensate the relevant Carrier at a mutually agreed per day rate, prorated for any portion thereof, for the use of a Spare Aircraft (by payment to Hawaiian) when the Carrier provides a Hawaiian Aircraft pursuant to an Amazon Spare Request. Except for the cost reimbursement and fees described in this Section 2.11.3 , a Carrier s performance of the Services utilizing a Spare Aircraft in accordance with this Section will otherwise be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Hawaiian acknowledges that Amazon may source additional spare aircraft from and operated by Third Party Carriers, in which case the applicable Carrier will use its commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate (as applicable) with Amazon and the Third Party Carrier. For clarity, the Parties acknowledge that Hawaiian does not have a Spare Aircraft available as of the Effective Date. 
 2.11.4 Network Spares . Amazon may, in its sole discretion, designate one or more Aircraft (including any Spare Aircraft provided by a Carrier in response to an Amazon Spare Request) on the Flight Schedule to be available to provide backup or supplementary lift in support of Amazon s network (each, a Network Spare provided, however, that Amazon will not designate an uncrewed Network Spare until . Hawaiian may use a Network Spare as a Substitute Aircraft or Spare Aircraft, except that (a) such use will not interfere with the performance of Services in compliance with this Agreement (b) Hawaiian will only use a Network Spare as a Substitute Aircraft or Spare Aircraft if an Amazon Leadership Representative provides prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Amazon s sole discretion) (c) Hawaiian will reimburse Amazon for any landing fees or other costs (including incremental fuel burn, ferry flights and Variable Charges) in excess of those that Amazon would have incurred had the flights been operated by the affected Aircraft, except that if a Network Spare is dispatched pursuant to Section 2.11.4 and the flight which the Network Spare is covering is delayed such that it negatively affects the Arrival Performance calculation, then Amazon will be responsible for the cost of the ferry flight to position the Network Spare at the scheduled departure location (d) Section 2.11.1 (Substitute Aircraft) and Section 2.11.3 (Spare 
 20 

Aircraft) will otherwise apply to Hawaiian s use of a Network Spare as a Substitute Aircraft or a Spare Aircraft and (e) if directed by Amazon, Carrier will use the Network Spare as a Spare Aircraft to cover for an Aircraft that is unavailable due to a Carrier Delay, which use will not be considered an Amazon Spare Request. With respect to any Network Spare, Carrier will staff the Aircraft to be available to depart the airport listed in the Flight Schedule within minutes of Amazon s request during each Availability Window(s) specified in the Flight Schedule Availability Window ). Carrier will use commercially reasonable efforts to maximize the duration of the Availability Window and if, at any time, Carrier becomes aware that the Aircraft is not expected to be available for Amazon flights during an Availability Window, Carrier will promptly notify Amazon. If a Network Spare (y) does not depart within minutes due to a Carrier Delay or (z) is otherwise unavailable during an Availability Window due to a Carrier Delay (for clarity, including each subsequent day such Network Spare remains unavailable but excluding a situation in which such Network Spare is unavailable because it is being used by a Carrier as a Spare Aircraft to support an Amazon Spare Request), then Hawaiian will pay to Amazon an amount equal to . 
 2.11.5 Intermediate Landings Flight Disruptions . If a Carrier determines that an intermediate landing is necessary due to Force Majeure, the Carrier will invoice and Amazon will reimburse reasonable and documented additional out of pocket costs incurred by the Carrier (including added Variable Charges, fuel, landing, aircraft handling costs, and ground handling costs) in accordance with Section 2.6 and Exhibit D of this Agreement and any other costs will be for the account of Carrier. With respect to intermediate landings arising from a mechanical problem or technical failure of the Aircraft or any failure to meet the Compliance Requirements (including a diversion of the Aircraft or return of the Aircraft to the origin station) Amazon will pay only the Variable Charges and fuel charges as if the flight had been non-stop and according to the Flight Schedule so long as the flight is completed within of the arrival time set forth in the Flight Schedule, and the Carrier will pay the added fuel charges, landing fees, positioning and repositioning expenses, and other costs associated with such intermediate landing. If the flight is not completed within of the arrival time set forth in the Flight Schedule, then Carrier will be responsible for all Variable Charges and fuel charges. For clarity, Amazon will not be responsible for any Variable Charges with respect to Aircraft returning to the ramp before take-off caused by act or omission of the relevant Carrier, including mechanical problems or technical failure of the Aircraft or any failure to meet the Compliance Requirements and all other costs such as Aircraft handling charges arising from such circumstances will be borne by the Carrier. 
 2.12 Operations for Third Parties . The Carriers may use an Amazon Aircraft or a Hawaiian ACMI Aircraft to provide air cargo transportation services to third parties so long as (a) such usage does not interfere in any material respect with the Carrier s performance of the Services (b) the Carrier is not then in default under this Agreement and (c) an Amazon Leadership Representative provides prior written consent (which may be granted or withheld in Amazon s sole discretion). If a Carrier arranges and provides air cargo transportation services to or for third parties using an Amazon Aircraft or a Hawaiian ACMI Aircraft pursuant to a charter, 
 21 

wet lease, or any other arrangement (such services hereinafter referred to as Supplemental Flying ), then the Carrier will pay Amazon an agreed upon rate per day, or portion thereof, that the Carrier uses an Amazon Aircraft or a Hawaiian ACMI Aircraft for Supplemental Flying, which fee will be payable as described in Section 2.12.1 . Except as set forth herein, all revenue from such Supplemental Flying will inure to the benefit of the relevant Carrier. The Carrier is solely responsible for all of its operating costs with respect to or associated with Supplemental Flying. For clarity, Supplemental Flying only includes air transportation services that are arranged solely by the Carrier and does not include any of the flights referenced in Section 2.12.2 . 
 2.12.1 On the final invoice for each month provided in accordance with the invoicing and payment provisions of Exhibit D to this Agreement, Hawaiian will provide to Amazon a detailed statement setting forth the utilization of any Amazon Aircraft or Hawaiian Aircraft under an ACMI Work Order for Supplemental Flying during the prior month and a credit in the amount of the fees owing to Amazon related to such utilization. For clarity, the amounts payable to Amazon under this Section 2.12 will not be prorated and will apply regardless as to the portion of the day an Amazon Aircraft is used for Supplemental Flying. 
 2.12.2 Amazon may, from time to time, charter the Amazon Aircraft or Hawaiian ACMI Aircraft to third parties Third Party Charters and Carrier will provide assistance as reasonably requested by Amazon in connection with such Third Party Charters. For clarity, unless otherwise mutually agreed, no additional amounts will be payable by Amazon for Third Party Charters unless the Third Party Charter is not included on the Flight Schedule in accordance with Section 2.10.2 , in which case Section 2.10.3 will apply. 
 2.13 Force Majeure . The obligations of a Party under any Work Order may be suspended during the period and to the extent that such Party is prevented from complying with such obligations as a direct result of any of the following causes (in each case, only to the extent beyond such Party s reasonable control) severe weather preventing flight operations, destruction of flight equipment, riots or civil commotions, military emergency, terrorism, war, damages incident to a state of war, strikes, lockouts, industrial disturbances, or other labor disputes, or pandemic, epidemic, quarantine, or acts of a Governmental Entity, but in any event not including Carrier Delays (each, a Force Majeure except that in each case nothing in this Section 2.13 will relieve a Party of any obligation due to an event that was reasonably foreseeable, whose adverse effects could reasonably have been avoided or that otherwise could have reasonably been prevented by such Party. A Party s obligations will be suspended only to the extent that such Party provides (a) as soon as reasonably possible (but in any event within hours of the occurrence of the event) written notice of suspension to the other Party describing the time, date, extent and cause of the Force Majeure (b) as soon as reasonably possible (but in any event within of the occurrence of the event) the written remediation plan for such suspension with reasonable detail and (c) as soon as reasonably possible (but in any event within of occurrence of such event) adequate evidence of the occurrence of such Force Majeure (including newspaper articles, government notices, insurance reports, sworn statements, and other evidence that objectively documents the severity of the event) that supports 
 22 

the material adverse effect such identified Force Majeure has had on the Party s ability to fulfill its obligations under this Agreement. If a Force Majeure affects Hawaiian s or a Hawaiian Provider s ability to provide all or part of the Services, Amazon will have the right, but not the obligation, to arrange for another party to provide such Services until such time as the Force Majeure can be cured and for a reasonable period thereafter. The Fixed Monthly Charge for any affected Carrier Work Orders will be payable for the first days of the Force Majeure, but will not be payable starting on the day after the commencement of the Force Majeure and continuing until the Force Majeure has ceased. Any Party whose obligations are suspended under this Agreement will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize the impact of the suspension and resume the performance of its obligations as soon as reasonably possible. If Hawaiian s or a Hawaiian Provider s obligations are suspended for more than out of any period under this Section 2.13 , Amazon may thereafter immediately terminate the affected Work Order(s) by giving notice of such termination to Hawaiian without paying any termination fee or other charges. For clarity, a Party s inability or delay in satisfying its obligations due to causes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic will not constitute Force Majeure. 
 2.14 Unavailability . Except in the case of a Force Majeure or with respect to Blocked Space Services, in the event that a Carrier Delay will result in a delay of hours or more from the scheduled arrival time set forth in the Flight Schedule, then the relevant Carrier will promptly notify Amazon of such delay and Amazon will be entitled to determine, in its sole discretion (within hours of being so notified by the Carrier), whether to proceed with the flight as soon as reasonably practicable or to cancel the flight. In either event, Amazon will be entitled to an invoice credit against the Fixed Monthly Charge as follows 
 2.14.1 if the Aircraft is operated but arrives more than hours but less than hours late at one or more of its scheduled destinations on the Flight Schedule for that period (measured from the original scheduled departure time of the original delayed flight) or 
 2.14.2 if either (a) the Aircraft is operated but arrives hours or more late at one or more of its scheduled destinations on the Flight Schedule for that period (measured from the original scheduled departure time of the original delayed flight) or (b) Amazon elects to cancel the flight. 
 Only one credit in the amount set forth above will apply to a given routing, even if the Aircraft arrives late at more than one scheduled destination on the Flight Schedule for that particular routing. A new routing will be deemed to commence whenever the time between the arrival time and departure time for the Aircraft s next flight (both as reflected on the Flight Schedule) exceeds hours. 
 2.15 Destruction or Casualty Loss of Aircraft . Notwithstanding anything contrary contained in this Agreement, if an Aircraft is destroyed or otherwise suffers a casualty occurrence that would constitute a total loss or a constructive total loss under the terms of the hull insurance required by Section 9.1.4 of this Agreement with respect to such Aircraft, then the affected Carrier Work Order will terminate with respect to such Aircraft and no Party will have any further obligation or liability to the other with respect to such Aircraft except that Hawaiian will use its commercially reasonable efforts to coordinate alternate lift arrangements to cover any 
 23 

network capacity lost. For clarity, Amazon will have no obligation to pay any Carriers any fee, charge, compensation, damages, or other amount upon the expiration or termination of such Carrier Work Order, other than preexisting payment obligations then due and owing, and obligations for Services that have already been performed by the Carrier but that have not been billed in accordance with the affected Carrier Work Order and Exhibit D. 
 2.16 Sustainability Fuel Conservation . Hawaiian and the applicable Hawaiian Providers agree to pursue fuel conservation and sustainability efforts as follows 
 2.16.1 Fuel Optimization . Hawaiian and the applicable Hawaiian Providers will implement the Fuel Optimization Program throughout the Term, except that the Parties will work together to develop commercially reasonable plans and programs to maximize each Carrier s fuel efficiency and minimize Amazon s fuel cost in the Carrier s operations for Amazon under this Agreement. 
 2.16.2 Fuel Tankering . Hawaiian and the applicable Hawaiian Providers will use commercially reasonable efforts to maximize fuel purchases at optimized locations based on the Flight Schedule in order to minimize overall net fuel expense. 
 2.16.3 Fuel Burn Optimization In-flight Operations . Each Carrier will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop, implement, and maintain operating policies that minimize excessive fuel burns while in flight. Without limiting the foregoing, the Carriers will (to the extent in compliance with applicable Law) (a) create and implement a landing fuel policy that will set a specific target for reserve fuel upon arrival at destination and only deviate from that policy for specific enumerated reasons, including weather (b) create and implement guidance for pilots to, when possible and consistent with safe operations, minimize flap usage on approach and reverse thrust on landing, increase application of single-engine taxi and air conditioning packs-off takeoff (c) adjust the fuel planning methodology to round fuel to units of 100 lbs. (d) use manufacturer data to reduce enroute fuel burn via computerized profiles and speed optimization and (e) review specific city pair taxi times to more accurately estimate fuel required for specific city pairs. 
 2.16.4 Third Party Audit . No more than once during each Contract Year, Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers, at Amazon s election and at Amazon s cost and expense, will undergo a reasonable third party audit of the fuel conservation practices described in this Section 2.16 to be performed by a recognized industry auditor that is selected by Amazon and reasonably acceptable to Hawaiian. Amazon will promptly provide Hawaiian with a copy of the results of such audit. The Carriers will cooperate with Amazon in implementing procedures that will result in greater overall fuel efficiency, including using all commercially reasonable efforts to implement the recommendations of such audit in accordance with applicable Law. 
 2.16.5 Sustainability . Each Carrier will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize carbon emissions and participate in other sustainability efforts as may be requested by Amazon, including fuel optimization and conservation programs and the use of sustainable fuels. 
 24 

2.17 Reports, Audits and Record Retention . Hawaiian will provide to Amazon Reports and Electronic Communications in accordance with the requirements set forth in Exhibit C, Exhibit D, and in any applicable Work Order at no additional charge. Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will keep true and accurate books and records relating to this Agreement and the Services (collectively Records in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles during the Term and for a period of years thereafter. At Amazon s request during the Term and for years thereafter, Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will (a) upon reasonable prior written notice, enable Amazon (at Amazon s sole cost and expense, except as provided for below) and any designee to conduct a reasonable invoicing, service, and performance audit no more than once per calendar year (except during the occurrence of any Event of Default by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider, in which event Amazon s audit rights will not be limited) to determine if such Party is meeting its obligations under this Agreement, including providing access to and electronic copies of all relevant Records in a satisfactory mode and format that enables Amazon and its designee to conduct such audit and (b) upon reasonable prior written notice (except during a Hawaiian Event of Default, in which case no prior notice will be required) and during Hawaiian s business hours, permit Amazon and any designee to conduct a reasonable on-site inspection of the facilities, processes, systems, and working conditions applicable to the provision of the Services to determine if such Party is in compliance with this Agreement, including specifically the Compliance Requirements. To the extent that any such amount is not subject to a good faith dispute, Hawaiian will reimburse Amazon for the full amount of any overcharge identified in the audit. If an audit identifies an overcharge by Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider, individually or in the aggregate, for the period audited in excess of for the period audited Hawaiian will also promptly reimburse Amazon for all out of pocket expenses including the cost associated with the use of third parties to perform such audit. Any payments required to be made by Hawaiian pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be applied as a credit against the next Monthly Invoice. 
 2.18 Information Technology Systems . The Carriers will provide Amazon with real-time read-only access to information technology systems (or data from such systems in a format reasonably acceptable to Amazon if direct or real-time access is not available) with the following information (excluding Personal Information) (a) graphical flight schedule interface including planned and current flight schedules (b) crew duty times (c) ramp status (d) weight and balance (e) Maintenance Data and (f) maximum payload figures. The Carriers will be responsible to ensure that the software for such information technology systems remain reasonably current and up to date. Amazon will have the option to install an aircraft interface device on each Amazon Aircraft and, if requested by Amazon, the Carriers will install aircraft interface devices on any Hawaiian Aircraft providing ACMI Services on a timeline to be mutually agreed in advance. The aircraft interface devices will be of the type specified in the Baseline Configuration unless otherwise mutually agreed. The Carriers will provide Amazon with full access to the available raw data from any installed aircraft interface devices (excluding Personal Information). 
 2.19 Designated Point of Contact . Hawaiian will provide one senior management point of contact fully dedicated to Amazon (for clarity, in addition to the availability to their Amazon counterparts of Hawaiian s CEO and its technical operations team during normal 
 25 

business hours) on all shifts that (a) is fully apprised of and responsible for all aspects of the Amazon operation (b) has immediate access to all relevant information and the ability to make real-time decisions and (c) is available for resolution of any operational matters. Hawaiian will also provide senior management points of contact for all shifts to whom Amazon may reach out directly for an escalation in each of the following areas (v) maintenance (w) ground handling operations (e.g., set-up, deicing, fueling, lavatory, etc.) (x) scheduling and planning (y) systems operations and (z) legal and regulatory compliance. 
 2.20 Continuous Improvement . Hawaiian will meet with Amazon on a quarterly basis in Seattle, Washington (or such other mutually agreed location) to review operations under this Agreement and propose synergies, solutions, and ideas to lower costs and increase operational efficiency. Hawaiian will provide, no less than Business Days in advance of each such meeting, reasonably detailed (a) financial and operational reports and (b) other information related to the Services that may be reasonably requested by Amazon. 
 2.21 Aircraft Maintenance Technician . The Carriers will, at their sole cost, arrange for a maintenance supervisor to be present at each origination and destination location identified on the Flight Schedule for flights performed by the first Amazon Aircraft that is new or freshly converted for the first of the initial Flight Schedule after the entry into service of such Amazon Aircraft. 
 2.22 IATA BSP Electronic Data Interchange . The Carriers will implement IATA s Billing and Settlements Program (BSP) or other mutually agreed platforms by a date to be mutually agreed, provided that the Hawaiian Providers will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement the IATA BSP or other mutually agreed platform within after the platform is agreed. The Hawaiian Providers will implement Electronic Data Interchange invoicing within of Amazon s written request. 
 2.23 Livery . If requested by Amazon, the applicable Carrier will have individual Hawaiian Aircraft subject to an ACMI Work Order painted or wrapped (as applicable) in Amazon livery on a schedule to be mutually agreed between the Parties, provided that Amazon will be responsible for (a) providing the paint or wrap scheme and (b) reimbursement in accordance with Section 2.6 for the direct cost of painting or wrapping and repainting or wrap removal (as applicable) after the Hawaiian Aircraft is done providing Services under an ACMI Work Order. 
 2.24 Maintenance Process . 
 2.24.1 Hawaiian will be responsible for all technical aspects of scheduled and unscheduled shop level maintenance including, but not limited to, scheduling, management workscope development and technical (engineering) specifications. Such specifications and workscopes will be provided to Amazon for review and approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld). All Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance will be performed by a CAA-approved maintenance provider to be selected and contracted directly by Amazon. . 
 26 

2.24.2 Amazon and Hawaiian project managers will lead weekly calls to discuss the maintenance status of the Amazon fleet, spare engine and APU availability, engines or APUs on watch, and upcoming inspections, waterwashes, and heavy maintenance. Amazon and Hawaiian will also jointly develop a heavy maintenance schedule for each calendar year that takes into consideration shop capacity, operational constraints, and heavy maintenance schedules of the relevant Aircraft (the Heavy Maintenance Plan ). . 
 2.24.3 Upon Hawaiian s receipt of an engine or APU from a maintenance provider (for clarity, including in connection with Amazon Aircraft Heavy Maintenance), Carrier will (a) perform a full visual inspection in accordance with the Carrier s CAA-approved maintenance program within and promptly report any damage to Amazon (b) confirm inventory of engine or APU part numbers and serial numbers and provide same to Amazon and (c) upon Amazon s request, reinstall the engine or APU on the applicable Aircraft as soon as reasonably practicable. For clarity, to the extent Amazon requests that Hawaiian reinstall an engine or APU in accordance with subsection (c) solely to the extent requested by Amazon for the purposes of mitigating Amazon s spare engine or APU lease costs, Hawaiian will be responsible for all costs incurred in connection with such reinstallation (including the removal of the leased engine or APU) for and Amazon will be responsible for all costs incurred in connection with any further reinstallations (including removals of the leased engines or APUs), except that the foregoing cap will not apply if the reinstallation is related to or in connection with Hawaiian Maintenance, in which case Hawaiian will be responsible for the costs of the reinstallation. 
 2.24.4 The Carrier will use commercially reasonable efforts to use and maintain each engine provided by Amazon in accordance with the following specific parameters, consistent with . 

27 

3. PAYMENT 
 3.1 Payment Amounts . 
 3.1.1 For each CMI Work Order and ACMI Work Order, Amazon will pay to Hawaiian the Fixed Monthly Charge specified in the Price Schedule for each Aircraft during the term of each Work Order. In addition, subject to the provisions of any applicable Work Order, Amazon will pay to Hawaiian the Variable Charge Per Block Hour for each Block Hour (or portion thereof) flown by an Aircraft during such month and the Variable Charge Per Cycle for each Flight Cycle flown by an Aircraft during such month. The monthly Carrier s Costs components of the Price Schedule are currently based on Hawaiian performing CMI Services with Amazon Aircraft. For every Additional Aircraft of the same aircraft type (up to Additional Aircraft), the Carrier s Costs for each Aircraft subject to a CMI or ACMI Work Order (for clarity, including the first Amazon Aircraft) will be reduced by , in each case effective as of the first day of the month immediately following the In-Service Date for such Additional Aircraft. If Amazon formally allocates more than to Hawaiian to provide CMI or ACMI Services, the Parties will . If the Work Order Effective Date under a CMI Work Order is earlier than the In-Service Date for the applicable Amazon Aircraft, Amazon s obligations to make payments under such CMI Work Order prior to the In-Service Date be limited to the Fixed Monthly Charge (excluding Carrier s Costs), any Variable Charges, and any reimbursable expenses under Section 2.6 . 
 3.1.2 All pricing components in (a) the Price Schedule (b) Section 2.6.14 , Section 2.14 (c) Section 3.1.1 and (d) Exhibit C will be subject to an annual adjustment on July 1 of each Contract Year, with the first such adjustment taking effect on . The adjustment will be equal to . 
 3.1.3 Neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider is entitled to other fees, costs, accessorials, additional expenses, charges, surcharges, tariffs or other compensation or reimbursement for the Services other than as provided in this Agreement and the relevant Work Order. 
 3.2 Start-Up Costs . Amazon will make a one-time payment of to Hawaiian within Business Days of the Effective Date for costs related to Hawaiian s preparations to begin providing the Services, including (a) Flight Crew, dispatcher, mechanic, and ground handler training (b) IT and systems integration (c) flight simulator time and instruction (d) technical due diligence (e) manual development (f) hiring in advance of operations (g) legal and regulatory advisors related to start-up of operations of Airbus A330 freighter aircraft (h) certification costs of Airbus A330 freighter aircraft, including proving runs and other CAA required actions and (i) sufficient spare parts inventory to start-up and maintain Amazon Aircraft Start-Up Costs ). Within days of the In-Service Date for the 10th Amazon Aircraft, Hawaiian will provide to Amazon a report (including supporting documentation and amounts) listing the Start-Up Costs incurred by Hawaiian. . 
 28 

3.3 Payment for Cancellation of Flights . Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement Amazon will (a) pay the Fixed Monthly Charge notwithstanding any cancellation of flights during the corresponding Work Order term and (b) not otherwise be subject to any charges with respect to any cancelled flights. 
 3.4 Invoices and Payment . The terms of Exhibit D will govern the rights and obligations of the Parties with respect to invoices and payment and all other subject matter addressed therein. 
 4. TERM AND TERMINATION 
 4.1 Term Renewal Option . The term of this Agreement will begin as of the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated in accordance with this Section 4, will continue for eight years Initial Term ). Amazon will have the option, in its sole discretion, to renew this Agreement for one additional two-year term, subject to Amazon providing Hawaiian with at least notice prior to the expiration of the Initial Term. Following the expiration of such two-year renewal term, Amazon may also renew this Agreement for one additional three-year term upon mutual agreement with Hawaiian, provided that the pricing for any such renewal term will be . With respect to such three-year renewal term Amazon will provide notice of its intent to renew this Agreement of the Effective Date, in which event the Parties will meet in person at a mutually agreeable location within to negotiate any changes to the Agreement in good faith. 
 4.2 Amazon Termination for Convenience . Amazon may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by providing Hawaiian with prior written notice, provided that the effective date of such termination cannot be on or before . 
 4.3 Amazon Early Termination Fee . In the event that Amazon terminates this Agreement for convenience pursuant to Section 4.2, Amazon will pay to Hawaiian a one-time early termination fee equal to per each then-active CMI or ACMI Work Order plus per each CMI or ACMI Work Order terminated in the immediately preceding Amazon s notice Amazon Early Termination Fee ). 
 4.4 Payment of Amazon Early Termination Fee . In the event of a termination by Amazon for convenience pursuant to Section 4.2, Amazon will, if applicable, pay to Hawaiian the Amazon Early Termination Fee on or before the date of termination of this Agreement, in addition to any other amounts due under this Agreement as of the date of termination (whether or not such amounts are yet invoiced or payable), and, except for liabilities accruing prior to termination of this Agreement, neither Party will have any further obligations or liabilities to the other Party under this Agreement following such termination. The Amazon Early Termination Fee will be deemed liquidated damages and not a penalty and will be Hawaiian s sole and exclusive remedy for a termination by Amazon for convenience pursuant to Section 4.2. For clarity, any amounts due under this Agreement to either Party as of the date of termination (whether or not such amounts are yet invoiced or payable) will remain due. The Amazon Early Termination Fee applies only in the case of the termination of this Agreement, and not the 
 29 

termination of one or more Carrier Work Orders, unless Hawaiian deems Amazon to have terminated this Agreement pursuant to Section 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 4.5 Hawaiian Termination for Convenience . Hawaiian may terminate this Agreement for convenience at any time by providing Amazon with prior written notice, provided that the effective date of such termination cannot be on or before . In the event that Hawaiian terminates this Agreement for convenience pursuant to this Section 4.5, Hawaiian will pay to Amazon a one-time early termination fee equal to Hawaiian Early Termination Fee ). The Hawaiian Early Termination Fee will be (a) paid on or before the date of termination of this Agreement (b) deemed liquidated damages and not a penalty and (c) Amazon s sole and exclusive remedy for a termination by Hawaiian for convenience pursuant to Section 4.5. For clarity, any amounts due under this Agreement to either Party as of the date of termination (whether or not such amounts are yet invoiced or payable) will remain due. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any point within the following any Hawaiian notice to terminate this Agreement for its convenience Amazon may request and Hawaiian will provide up to an additional of Services to support the transition of Aircraft to another air carrier. Except for (y) Hawaiian s aforementioned obligation to provide of Services to support the transition of the Aircraft to another carrier, and (z) any liabilities accruing prior to termination of this Agreement, neither Party will have any further obligations or liabilities to the other Party under this Agreement following such termination. 
 
 4.6 Events of Default Remedies . The occurrence of any of the following events or conditions will constitute an event of default (each an Event of Default 
 4.6.1 The Carriers failure to maintain, starting one year after the In-Service Date of the first Amazon Aircraft, a collective Arrival Performance of at least the Target Arrival Performance in either (a) each of any consecutive months or (b) each of any months (whether or not consecutive) within any trailing period 
 4.6.2 Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider materially violates any of the Compliance Requirements, Insurance Requirements, or any Carrier fails to maintain its Operating Authority 
 4.6.3 Any Carrier operates an aircraft (for clarity, whether or not such aircraft is an Aircraft in connection with the Carrier s performance of the Services), involved in (a) aircraft accidents involving a serious injury or substantial damage to the aircraft in a period or (b) an aircraft accident involving a fatal injury in either case for which the affected Carrier was determined to be at fault (including, for clarity, in a preliminary report) by the NTSB or an equivalent aviation authority having jurisdiction over the matter (all terms in quotations in this Section 4.6.3 are as defined by the NTSB in 49 C.F.R. Part 830) 
 4.6.4 There is a Change of Control of Hawaiian not in full compliance with the notice and certification requirements in Section 13.1 
 30 

4.6.5 Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider is assessed or is subject to, by a CAA, or any other Governmental Entity (a) a single civil penalty or aggregate civil penalties in any period, including a compromise civil penalty or (ii) acts or omissions of Amazon, its Affiliates or Personnel in connection with the performance of ground handling functions performed by Amazon pursuant to Section 2.8.1 that exceed pursuant to a final agency order or (b) an enforcement action that results in the revocation or suspension of a Carrier s Operating Authority (or the authority of such Hawaiian Provider to provide the Services) 
 
 4.6.6 A Party s material breach or failure to observe or perform, as applicable, any representation, warranty, covenant, or agreement hereunder that has occurred and is continuing for days after receipt of written notice from the non-breaching Party identifying such material breach and notice of the intent to terminate if such material breach is not cured provided, however, that such cure period will be extended to days to the extent that (a) the breach is capable of remedy (as determined by the non-breaching Party in its reasonable sole discretion), (b) the breaching Party is diligently pursuing such remedy, and (c) there is no actual or reasonable likelihood of a material adverse effect on the breaching party's provision of the Services or 
 4.6.7 If (a) a Party commences a voluntary case under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor Laws (b) anyone commences an involuntary case against a Party under Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor Laws and either (i) the case is not dismissed by midnight at the end of the day after commencement, or (ii) the court before which the case is pending issues an order for relief or similar order approving the case (c) a court of competent jurisdiction appoints, or a Party makes an assignment of all or substantially all of its assets to, a custodian (as that term is defined in Title 11 of the United States Code or the corresponding provisions of any successor Laws) for its company or all or substantially all of its assets or (d) a Party fails generally to pay its debts as they become due (unless those debts are subject to a good-faith dispute as to liability or amount) or acknowledges in writing that it is unable to do so. 
 Upon the occurrence of any Hawaiian Event of Default, Amazon may elect, in its sole discretion, to terminate this Agreement in its entirety, to terminate any or all affected Work Orders, or to terminate all Work Orders with the affected Hawaiian Provider immediately upon giving written notice of such Event of Default to Hawaiian, provided that Amazon s termination rights may only be exercised up to days after Amazon becomes aware of the occurrence of such Event of Default (unless such termination right would expire during any October 1 through January 15 period, in which case the termination right will be extended to the next-occurring January 16). Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Amazon Event of Default enumerated in Sections 4.6.6 or 4.6.7 , Hawaiian may, without prejudice to any other remedy which it may have at law or in equity, terminate this Agreement by giving notice of such termination to Amazon, except that Hawaiian may not terminate this Agreement or any Work Order for any reason (including, for clarity, under Section 4.5 with an effective date during any October 1 through 
 31 

January 15 period. A notice of termination by Hawaiian for any reason that would otherwise become effective during such period will be suspended until becoming effective on the next-occurring January 16. 
 . 

4.7 No Termination or Other Payment on Expiration . Except as set forth in this Section 4, no Party will be entitled to any termination payment, severance payment, penalty, damages, loss of goodwill, prospective profits, anticipated income, or other compensation in any form or manner (including on account of any expenditures, investments, leases, or commitments made by such Party) based upon the expiration of this Agreement at the end of its Term. 
 4.8 Work Orders . A Work Order will be effective upon the Work Order Effective Date and will terminate on the earliest of (a) days after Amazon, in its sole discretion, provides written notice of termination for convenience (b) immediately if a Party terminates the Work Order for an Event of Default of the other Party pursuant to Section 4.6 (c) immediately upon the expiration or prior termination of this Agreement or (d) on the Expiration Date of the Work Order The expiration date of all Work Orders that are not CMI or ACMI Work Orders will be as stated in the relevant Work Order, and each CMI Work Order and ACMI Work Order will have an expiration date that is coterminous with the Term (the Expiration Date ). No Hawaiian Provider may terminate a Work Order for any reason with an effective date during any October 1 through January 15 period. Any notice of termination by a Hawaiian Provider that would otherwise become effective during such period will be suspended until becoming effective on the next-occurring January 16. For clarity, Amazon will not be subject to any penalty, or otherwise be responsible for any reimbursement of costs or expenses, in connection with a Work Order terminated in accordance with this Section 4.8 . 

32 

4.9 Post-Expiration Agreement . Amazon and Hawaiian will, at Amazon s sole option and upon its prior written request, use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into an interim agreement in anticipation of the expiration of this Agreement for Hawaiian to assist Amazon in the transition from this Agreement Post-Expiration Agreement ). The Post-Expiration Agreement will (a) become effective upon the expiration of this Agreement and thereafter remain in effect for a term of up to as mutually agreed between Amazon and Hawaiian and (b) be designed to facilitate an orderly transition of the Amazon Aircraft to Third Party Carrier(s). 
 4.10 Survival . No termination or expiration of this Agreement or any Work Order for any reason will relieve any Party of any liability or obligation to the extent accrued prior to such termination or expiration. The following provisions will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement under any circumstance Reports, Audits and Record Retention (Section 2.17), Term and Termination (this Section 4), Representations and Warranties (Section 5) (which will only survive for the duration of any Post-Expiration Agreement), Confidentiality and Proprietary Rights (Section 6), Defense Indemnity (Section 7), Loss or Damage to Goods (Section 8), Insurance (Section 9), Taxes (Section 11), General (Section 13) (of which Sections 13.1and 13.10 will only survive for the duration of any Post-Expiration Agreement). 
 5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES COVENANTS 
 Each Party represents, warrants and covenants to the other Parties, as applicable 
 5.1 Authority . Each Party has all right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement and perform its obligations under this Agreement. Each Party s entry into and performance of its obligations under this Agreement will not (with or without the passage of time or giving of notice or both) violate any governing document (including articles of organization, certificate of incorporation or bylaws as applicable), any third party agreement (including any Compliance Requirement or Insurance Requirement) or arrangement or any Law, in each case by which such Party is bound or to which such Party or its assets is subject. 
 5.2 Organization Binding Agreement . Each Party is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized. This Agreement constitutes a legally valid and binding agreement of the Parties, enforceable against each Party in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws affecting generally the enforcement of creditors rights and remedies and general principles of equity. Each Party will comply and will require their Personnel to comply in all respects with all Laws in connection with its performance under this Agreement. Hawaiian will notify Amazon in writing as promptly as practicable of the existence of any strike, lockout, job action, industrial disturbance, service disruption or other 
 33 

labor dispute that could reasonably be expected to impair its or a Hawaiian Provider s ability to perform the Services. 
 5.3 Service Representations . Hawaiian, each Hawaiian Provider, and their respective Personnel, as applicable, will (a) perform the Services in a competent and workmanlike manner in accordance with the level of professional care customarily observed by highly skilled professionals rendering similar services (b) comply with the Performance Standards (c) promptly upon having actual knowledge, notify Amazon of any accident, incident, or event that impairs the safety of or delays delivery of shipments, and will use reasonable care and due diligence in the protection of the goods or shipments in their possession and control and (d) at all times have sufficient equipment, Personnel and resources available to fulfill its obligations under each Work Order and the Flight Schedule then in effect (and, in any case in which such Hawaiian Provider believes, in its reasonable business judgment, that it does not have sufficient equipment, Personnel and resources available to handle all Amazon capacity requirements, such Hawaiian Provider will promptly notify Amazon in writing). 
 5.4 Proprietary Rights . The Services performed by or on behalf of Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider and any reports, information, data, or other materials provided by or on behalf of Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider (including Amazon s exercise of its rights under this Agreement with respect to such Services and other materials) will not violate, misappropriate or infringe upon Amazon s or any third party s trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality rights, copyrights, patents, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights in any jurisdiction (collectively, Proprietary Rights ). 
 5.5 Compliance . Hawaiian, each Hawaiian Provider, and their respective Personnel (a) will comply with all applicable Laws in carrying out the Services (b) will hold and comply with all required licenses, permits and approvals (c) acknowledge that Amazon s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (as may be updated from time to time) which is posted at http phx.corporate-ir.net phoenix.zhtml c 97664 irol-govConduct on the Effective Date prohibits the paying of bribes or facilitation payments to anyone for any reason, whether in dealings with governments or the private sector, and contains principles that are similar to Hawaiian s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which is posted at https newsroom.hawaiianairlines.com investor-relations governance committee-charters on the Effective Date and will comply with Hawaiian s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (d) will comply with Amazon s Supplier Code of Conduct (as may be updated from time to time) which is posted at https sustainability.aboutamazon.com amazon_supply_chain_standards_english.pdf on the Effective Date and (e) comply with Amazon s Third Party Information Security Policy attached as Exhibit H (as may be updated from time to time) (the requirements described in Section 5.10 and in this Section 5.5, the Compliance Requirements ). Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers will maintain true, accurate and complete books and records concerning any payments made to another party by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider under this Agreement, including on behalf of Amazon. In addition to its audit and inspection rights in Section 2.17, Amazon and its designated representative may reasonably inspect Hawaiian s or any Hawaiian Provider s books and records to verify such payments and for compliance with the Compliance Requirements at any time during the term of this Agreement. 
 34 

5.6 Common Carrier . Each Carrier is a Common Carrier and is in compliance with all Laws applicable to Common Carriers. 
 5.7 Filings . Where required by Law, Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will ensure that all rates and terms and conditions that are the subject of this Agreement are filed with the appropriate Governmental Entity, if any, and, unless such shorter period is required by applicable Law, Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider will provide Amazon at least Business Days notice in advance of any such filing. 
 5.8 No Liens . Neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider will hold, and to the fullest extent allowed by applicable Law, Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider hereby waive all rights to, any lien or encumbrance upon any Amazon shipments, property or assets, including any packages, parcels or other cargo or transportation units tendered to a Carrier or any documents relating thereto, in each case on behalf of itself and any third party landlord, contractor or other business relation engaged by Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider except any lien or encumbrance not allowed to be waived by applicable Law will not be asserted. 
 5.9 Flight Operations . Each Carrier will (a) obtain and maintain in full force and effect all necessary certificates, air transport licenses, permits and authorizations required for the operation of any particular flight, including an air operator's certificate, whether required under the Laws of the state and country in which the Aircraft is registered or any other state or country to, from or over which the Aircraft will be flown in the course of any particular flight (collectively, Operating Authority (b) only perform the Services using Aircraft covered by the Operating Authority (c) at its sole expense (subject to Section 2.6), perform or cause to be performed all ongoing maintenance, inspections, repairs, modifications, preventive maintenance, fueling, installations, and overhaul work for the Aircraft in accordance with the Operating Authority, such Carrier s CAA-approved maintenance and inspection program and other applicable Laws (d) ensure that the Aircraft comply with all applicable airworthiness directives, mandatory service bulletins, alert bulletins, manufacturers releases and insurer s requirements concerning the Aircraft (e) at all times be the operator of the Aircraft and have complete, uninterrupted, effective and sustainable operational control of the Aircraft in accordance with the Operating Authority and other applicable Laws (f) have possession, command, custody, and control of the Aircraft within the meaning of applicable Laws (g) ensure that the pilot-in-command of the Aircraft will have absolute discretion in all matters concerning the preparation of the Aircraft for flight, including the load carried and its distribution, the decision whether or not a particular flight will be undertaken, the route to be flown and all matters relating to the operation of the Aircraft (h) ensure that Flight Crew will have final and complete authority to cancel any flight for any reason or condition which in its judgment could compromise the safety or security of the flight or compliance with applicable Laws and may take any other action which in the judgment of the pilot-in-command is necessitated by consideration of safety, security compliance with applicable Laws (i) be solely responsible for determining that containers and pallets Unit Load Devices or ULDs and related equipment (including nets, tie downs and tensioning equipment) are suitable for air transportation in accordance with applicable Laws and (j) not provide the Services at, to or from any origin or destination locations located outside of the United States unless included on a Flight Schedule or approved in advance in writing by an Authorized Representative of Amazon (collectively, the Flight Operations Requirements ). 
 35 

5.10 Trade Restrictions . Both Parties represent and warrant that (a) neither they nor their financial institution(s) are subject to sanctions or otherwise designated on any list of prohibited or restricted parties or owned or controlled by such a party, including but not limited to the lists maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the US Government (e.g., the US Department of Treasury s Specially Designated Nationals list and Foreign Sanctions Evaders list and the US Department of Commerce s Entity List) or other applicable Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where Hawaiian is providing Services and (b) have measures in place to ensure that they will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, transmit, or cause to be exported, re-exported or transmitted, any commodities, software or technology to any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity to which such export, re-export, or transmission is restricted or prohibited, including any country, individual, corporation, organization, or entity under sanctions or embargoes administered by the United Nations, US Departments of State, Treasury or Commerce or any other applicable Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where Hawaiian is providing Services. 
 6. CONFIDENTIALITY PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 
 6.1 Confidentiality . The Parties will comply with the terms of the nondisclosure agreement between Hawaiian and Amazon dated , as may be amended, superseded or otherwise modified from time to time NDA ). In the case of any Third Party Carrier or other Hawaiian Provider, Hawaiian will procure from such Third Party Carrier or Hawaiian Provider an executed nondisclosure agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Amazon in its sole discretion. The existence of this Agreement, its terms and conditions, and any other information obtained by a Party from any other Party in connection with this Agreement or related to the Services that is identified as confidential or proprietary or that, given the nature of such information or the manner of its disclosure, reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary (including information relating to the contents and recipients of packages, parcels and other cargo or transportation units, technology, customers, business plans, marketing activities, and finances) will be confidential information subject to the NDA. If no such agreement exists or if it has subsequently terminated or expired, each Party and their respective Personnel, as applicable (a) will protect and keep confidential the existence of this Agreement, its terms and conditions and any other information obtained from a Party in connection with this Agreement or related to the Services that is identified as confidential or proprietary or that, given the nature of such information or the manner of its disclosure, reasonably should be considered confidential or proprietary (including all information relating to technology, customers, business plans, marketing activities, and finances) (b) will use such information only for the purpose(s) for which it was originally disclosed and in any case only for the purpose of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement and (c) will either (i) return all such information to the disclosing Party or (ii) destroy all such information (and provide written confirmation thereof) promptly upon the written request of the other Party. All such information will remain the exclusive property of the disclosing Party, and the receiving Party will not have any right to use such information except as expressly provided in this Agreement and the NDA. In the event that Hawaiian determines that it is required by applicable Law to file this Agreement with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, it will promptly notify Amazon of such determination in writing and the Parties will reasonably cooperate in seeking confidential treatment of the Agreement to the 
 36 

maximum extent permitted by applicable Law. For clarity, Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers acknowledge and agree that this Section 6.1 strictly prohibits Hawaiian Personnel from engaging in any speculative discussion relating to Amazon s technology, customers, business plans, marketing activities, or finances at industry conferences or similar public events without the prior written authorization of an Amazon Leadership Representative (to be granted or withheld in Amazon s sole discretion). 
 6.2 Publicity and Use Restrictions . Neither Party will use any trade name, trademark, service mark, logo or commercial symbol, or any other Proprietary Rights of the other Party or any Affiliate in any manner (including use in any client list, press release, advertisement or other promotional material) without prior written authorization of same by (a) in the case of Amazon, an Amazon Leadership Representative (to be granted or withheld in Amazon s sole discretion), including, for clarity, such authorization with respect to Hawaiian s reasonable use to fulfill investor communications responsibilities as a publicly traded company in accordance with applicable Law and (b) in the case of Hawaiian, a Hawaiian corporate communications department representative (to be granted or withheld in Hawaiian s sole discretion). Any granted authorizations of a continuing nature expire at the end of the Term (for purposes of this Section 6.2, including any Post-Expiration Agreement), and any further uses following the end of the Term will require additional written authorization from an Amazon Leadership Representative in each instance. Notwithstanding the above, any rights or benefits arising from a Carrier s provision of Services pursuant to this Agreement using a trade name, trademark, service mark, logo or commercial symbol, or any other Proprietary Right of Amazon or an Amazon Affiliate (including the provision of Services using an Aircraft bearing Amazon livery) is deemed to be used by Amazon and such rights and benefits will inure exclusively to the benefit of Amazon. 
 6.3 Work Product Ownership . Each Party retains all right, title and interest (including all Proprietary Rights) in and to its concepts, data, designs, developments, documentation, drawings, hardware, improvements, information, inventions, processes, software, techniques, technology, tools, and any other intellectual property, and any third party licenses or other rights to use any of the foregoing, that (a) exists prior to the Effective Date or (b) are developed entirely independently by a Party, at any time without any use, knowledge of, or reference to, the other Party s confidential information or other information obtained in connection with this Agreement Retained Intellectual Property ). If Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider delivers or is required to deliver to Amazon any work product in connection with the Services, Amazon owns, or upon assignment by the creator, will own, all right, title and interest (including, all copyrights and any other intellectual property rights) in such work product, provided that Hawaiian or the applicable Hawaiian Provider shall retain its interest in any Retained Intellectual Property contained in the work product. The work product has been specially ordered and commissioned by Amazon as work made for hire for copyright purposes or, to the extent such deliverable does not so qualify, Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider (as applicable) hereby assigns to Amazon, its successors and assigns, all right, title and interest in and to the work product. 
 6.4 Personal Information . Neither Party nor their Personnel will (a) will use any personally identifiable information it receives concerning the other Party s customers, suppliers, or Personnel, including names, addresses, e-mail addresses, and telephone numbers or, with respect to Hawaiian s Flight Crews, means any data, combination of data, or other information 
 37 

that allows recorded or collected flight data to be associated with a specific Flight Crew member (collectively Personal Information ), except solely for purposes of this Agreement (b) transfer, rent, barter, trade, disclose, or sell such information or (c) develop lists of or aggregate such Personal Information. To the extent permitted by Law, Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will delete all instances (including backups and other copies) of Personal Information associated with each shipment within days after completing the shipment. If Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider is required by Law to maintain records more than days after shipment, Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider will delete the Personal Information as soon as it is permitted. Before disposing of any hardware, media or software (including any sale or transfer of such material or any disposition of Hawaiian s or such Hawaiian Provider s business) that contains or previously contained Personal Information, Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider will perform a complete forensic destruction of the Personal Information (which may include a physical destruction, preferably incineration, or secure data wipe) such that no such information can be recovered or retrieved. 
 7. DEFENSE INDEMNITY 
 7.1 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, Hawaiian, jointly together with each Hawaiian Provider, and each Hawaiian Provider, jointly with Hawaiian but severally among other Hawaiian Providers with respect to Services performed by such other Hawaiian Providers, hereby releases and will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Amazon, each of its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, Personnel, shareholders, successors, and assigns of the foregoing (the Amazon Indemnified Parties ), from and against any loss, claim, damage, suit, judgment, settlement, cost, expense, interest, fees, fines, penalties, government investigation or inquiry, remediation, and mitigation efforts regardless of whether required by Law and any other liability and costs and expenses relating thereto (including reasonable attorneys fees, expert fees and court costs) arising out of, in connection with, or related to any third party allegation or claim (collectively, Claims based on or relating to (a) the death of or injury to any Person whomsoever, including Personnel of the Amazon Indemnified Parties or the Hawaiian Indemnified Parties, loss of, damage to, delay or destruction of any goods or property whatsoever, including cargo, the Aircraft and any property of the Hawaiian Indemnified Parties or the Amazon Indemnified Parties or third parties, in any case caused by or resulting from an act or omission by Hawaiian, a Hawaiian Provider, or any of their respective Affiliates or Personnel in connection with the performance of the Services or their possession, use, operation or maintenance of the Aircraft or any equipment, machinery, spare engines and spare parts utilized to provide such Services (b) breach of any material term by Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider, including any penalties, fines, or other costs associated with any government investigation relating thereto (c) any infringement or misappropriation of any Proprietary Right by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider (d) any theft, embezzlement, forgery, fraud or other criminal act of Hawaiian or its Affiliates or any of their respective Personnel or (e) any allegation or claim of negligence, willful misconduct or strict liability by or of Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider arising from an act or omission by Hawaiian, a Hawaiian Provider, or any of the respective Personnel of the foregoing. However, the foregoing indemnification obligation does not apply to an Amazon Indemnified Party to the extent such Claim results from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Amazon Indemnified Party. 
 7.2 Hawaiian s and each Hawaiian Provider s duty to defend is independent of its duty to indemnify. Hawaiian s and each Hawaiian Provider s obligations under this Section 7 
 38 

are independent of all of its other obligations under this Agreement. Hawaiian and the applicable Hawaiian Provider will use counsel reasonably satisfactory to Amazon to defend each Claim, and Amazon will reasonably cooperate (at Hawaiian s or Hawaiian Provider s expense, as the case may be) in the defense. Neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider will consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement in connection with a Claim without Amazon s prior written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. Subject to the foregoing, Amazon will have the additional right to participate at any time and at its own expense in any indemnification action or related settlement negotiations using counsel of its own choice. The Parties agree that this Section 7 does not apply to claims for loss or damage under Section 8 . 
 7.3 To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, Amazon will indemnify and hold Hawaiian, each Hawaiian Provider (with respect to Services performed by such Hawaiian Provider), each of their respective Affiliates, and the respective directors, officers, Personnel, successors, and assigns of the foregoing (collectively, the Hawaiian Indemnified Parties ), harmless from any Claim based on or relating to (a) the death of or injury to any Person whomsoever, including Personnel of the Amazon Indemnified Parties or the Hawaiian Indemnified Parties, loss of, damage to, delay or destruction of any goods or property whatsoever, including cargo, the Aircraft and any property of the Hawaiian Indemnified Parties or the Amazon Indemnified Parties or third parties, in any case caused by or resulting from an act or omission by Amazon, or any of its Affiliates or Personnel in connection with the performance of ground handling functions that are the responsibility of Amazon pursuant to Section 2.8.1 or (b) cargo tendered directly by Amazon or its Personnel for transportation under this Agreement (c) Amazon s breach of any material term of this Agreement, including any penalties, fines, or other costs associated with any government investigation relating thereto (d) any infringement or misappropriation of any Proprietary Right by Amazon or (e) any theft, embezzlement, forgery, fraud or other criminal act of Amazon. However, the foregoing indemnification obligation in clause (b) does not apply to a Hawaiian Indemnified Party to the extent (i) such Claim results from a violation of applicable Law with respect to such cargo by, or the gross negligence or willful misconduct of, such Hawaiian Indemnified Party or (ii) Amazon is acting as a broker or air freight forwarder on behalf of Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider with respect to third party cargo. For any Claim under this Section 7.3 that may be covered under the applicable SGHA, the Carrier will first pursue all rights and remedies available under such SGHA. 
 7.4 Amazon s duty to defend is independent of its duty to indemnify. Amazon s obligations under this Section 7 are independent of all of its other obligations under this Agreement. Amazon will use counsel reasonably satisfactory to Hawaiian to defend each Claim, and Hawaiian and any applicable Hawaiian Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate (at Amazon s expense) in the defense. Amazon will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement in connection with a Claim without Hawaiian s prior written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned. Subject to the foregoing, the applicable Hawaiian Indemnified Party will have the additional right to participate at any time and at its own expense in any indemnification action or related settlement negotiations using counsel of its own choice. The Parties agree that this Section 7 does not apply to claims for loss or damage under Section 8 . 
 8. LOSS OR DAMAGE TO GOODS 
 8.1 Liability Limit . Except as otherwise provided under applicable Law, neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider will be liable for any loss, theft or damage to goods for any 
 39 

action (a) unrelated to Hawaiian s or a Hawaiian Provider s performance of the Services, (b) arising solely as a result of Force Majeure, (c) that is reasonable wear and tear or (d) relating solely to ground equipment or functions that Amazon is performing under Section 2.8 (to the extent not provided by a Hawaiian Provider under a Ground Services Work Order) Excluded Claims ). To the extent that there is any loss, theft or damage to goods for any action unrelated to Excluded Claims, Hawaiian and the applicable Hawaiian Provider s liability will be limited to the greater of (y) per package and (z) per shipment, except (i) to the extent such loss or damage is attributable to the gross negligence or misconduct of Hawaiian, any Hawaiian Providers, or their respective Personnel or (ii) as set forth in Section 8.2 . For purposes of this Section 8.1 , a shipment refers to all of the packages to be transported together on any given flight. For all purposes hereunder, a package refers to an individual sellable unit, which may be shipped by a Carrier as part of a larger transportation unit containing multiple packages. 
 8.2 Additional Coverage . With respect to any shipment(s) or class(es) of shipments, Amazon, Hawaiian, and each Hawaiian Provider (all acting reasonably and in good faith), with the concurrence of Hawaiian s or the Hawaiian Provider s insurers (as applicable), may mutually agree in writing on a special compensation to be paid by Amazon to increase the liability of the Hawaiian or the Hawaiian Provider in excess of the limits specified above in case of any loss, theft or damage to goods, effective upon mutual written agreement of authorized representatives of the Parties (including via email) indicating the shipment(s) or class(es) covered, the increased limit of Hawaiian s or the Hawaiian Provider s liability and the special compensation payable. 
 8.3 Claims . Subject to Section 8.1 , each Hawaiian Provider will be responsible for all loss of or damage to packages while in the possession, care, or control of such Hawaiian Provider and all of their respective Personnel and will pay claims at Amazon s actual cost, including replacement cost of goods and direct costs associated with packaging, handling and shipping. Claims for lost or damaged packages may be based upon Amazon s manifest and any other materially relevant information, may be initiated electronically (including via e-mail), and may be filed at any time within days after the item was tendered to such Hawaiian Provider. The Hawaiian Provider will acknowledge claims within days of receipt and will process all claims to conclusion and pay Amazon or credit its account, to the extent applicable, within days of receipt. 
 8.4 Cooperation . Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider agrees to cooperate as reasonably requested at their respective expense with Amazon loss prevention and investigative personnel in the conduct of investigations and preparation of reports related to loss, damage, fraud, shrinkage, mis-delivery, theft and other matters of mutual concern. 
 9. INSURANCE 
 9.1 Hawaiian Provider Insurance Coverage . Throughout the Term, and as otherwise required herein, Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider, as applicable, will carry at its expense 
 9.1.1 Aviation Liability insurance as of the Effective Date and continuing for a period of , including commercial general liability insurance, third party legal liability including passenger liability, third party war and allied perils, property 
 40 

damage liability, premises liability, products and completed operations liability with respect to any maintenance, and contractual liability (which, without limitation, will specifically insure the indemnity of Carrier in Section 7 hereof subject to the terms and conditions of such policy), and provide a breach of warranty clause, a severability of interest clause and a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional Insureds, and evidence worldwide policy territory, if applicable, subject to any exclusions then standard in the commercial aviation insurance market, with limits of not less than USD combined single limit for bodily injury and property damage each occurrence (and USD per occurrence and in the aggregate with respects war and allied perils) 
 9.1.2 Business Automobile liability insurance as required by Law in all jurisdictions where Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider performs Services for Amazon with a combined single limit of not less than USD per occurrence 
 9.1.3 Worker s Compensation insurance in all jurisdictions where Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider performs the Services, and Employer s Liability insurance with a limit of not less than USD per occurrence, both with a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional Insureds 
 9.1.4 Aircraft Hull and Hull War insurance that, on or prior to the applicable Work Order Effective Date, each Carrier will maintain (or cause to be maintained) in full force and effect on terms substantially similar to and no less favorable than insurance carried by the Carrier on similar aircraft in its fleet, all risk-ground and flight aircraft hull insurance covering the Aircraft (including coverage of the engines and parts while temporarily removed from or not installed on the Aircraft and spare parts, engines, and APUs), in amounts denominated and payable in United States Dollars not less than, in respect of the Aircraft, the Agreed Value, and with respect to any engines or parts while removed from the Aircraft on a replacement value basis. The Carrier will maintain such insurance covering any loss or damage arising from (a) war, invasion, acts of foreign enemies, hostilities (whether war be declared or not), civil war, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, martial law, military or usurped power, or attempts at usurpation of power (b) strikes, riots, civil commotions, or labor disturbances (c) any act of one or more persons, whether or not agents of a sovereign power, for political or terrorist purposes and whether the loss or damage resulting therefrom is accidental or intentional (d) any malicious act or act of sabotage (e) confiscation, nationalization, seizure, restraint, detention, appropriation, requisition for title, or use by or under the order of any Governmental Entity and (f) hijacking or any unlawful seizure or wrongful exercise of control of the Aircraft or any airframe on which any engine is installed or crew in flight (including any attempt at such seizure or control) made by any person or persons on board the Aircraft or such airframe acting without the consent of the insured 
 9.1.5 Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider, as applicable, covenants that all policies and subsequent policies taken out in accordance with this Section 9.1.5 will (a) be issued by insurance companies or underwriters of internationally recognized standing in the aviation industry (b) with respect to the insurance required under Section 9.1.4 , be endorsed to name Amazon (and as directed by Amazon, Amazon s Aircraft 
 41 

lessor and any other party with an interest in the Aircraft as may be reasonably requested by Amazon), as the loss payee to the extent of its interests in respect of hull claims that become payable on the basis of a total loss and will provide that any other loss will be settled (net of any relevant policy deductible) with Amazon as may be necessary to repair the Aircraft unless otherwise agreed in writing (c) provide that insurers will waive all rights of subrogation as against Amazon and each of its Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, lessors and any other parties as reasonably requested by Amazon Amazon Parties (d) waive any right of the insurers to any setoff, counterclaim or other deduction against the Amazon Parties (e) with respect to the insurance required under Section 9.1.4 , contain a 50 50 claims funding clause in the form of Lloyd s standard provision AVS103 in the event of a dispute as to which policy will pay in the event of a loss and (f) have deductibles (not applicable in case of a total, constructive total and or arranged total loss) standard in the industry which do not exceed, per occurrence, (i) USD (provided that the Parties will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain lower deductibles if available) or (ii) such lower amounts carried by the Carrier with respect to other aircraft similar to the Aircraft and operated on similar routes or which are otherwise reasonably acceptable to, and approved in writing by Amazon. . 
 9.1.6 All insurance coverage will be subject to Endorsement AVN67B (or a comparable endorsement) and 
 9.1.7 Cargo legal liability insurance with limits sufficient to cover the Carrier s obligations per Section 8 , but in no event less than USD per loss. 
 9.2 Additional Policy Requirements . All such policies will also cover Hawaiian s and a Hawaiian Provider s (as applicable) liability under this Agreement for any acts by subcontractors and will afford coverage for the Aircraft both in flight and not in flight, as applicable. In the event that any insurance on the Aircraft which is required by this Section 9 is invalidated or is otherwise not in effect for any reason, the Aircraft must not be used to perform the Services until such time as the insurance is again valid and in full force and effect except that such lapse in insurance will not excuse a breach of the Carrier s obligations under this Agreement. Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Provider (as applicable) will not permit its insurance policy coverage limits to be reduced below the minimum amounts set forth above or any such policy to be cancelled or allowed to expire without at least days days for nonpayment of premiums and days, or such other period as is then customarily obtainable in the industry, in the case of any hull war and allied perils coverage) prior written notice to Amazon (provided that such notice will be a lesser period customary in the commercial aviation insurance industry with respect to war risk coverage). Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider (as applicable) will cause Amazon and each of its Affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, lessors and any other parties required by Amazon, at Amazon s reasonable request, Additional Insureds to be named as additional insureds and coverage will be primary, without right of contribution from the Additional Insureds or their insurers on the policies required pursuant to this Section 9.1.1 and 9.1.2 and will submit certificates of insurance for the coverage required under this Section 9 at commencement of the Services and at Amazon s request. The Carrier will send certificates of insurance via email to coi-air amazon.com. Amazon s knowledge or approval of any of Hawaiian s or a Hawaiian Provider s insurance policies does not relieve or 
 42 

limit any of Hawaiian s or such Hawaiian Provider s obligations under this Agreement, including liability under Section 7 or Section 8 for claims exceeding required insurance limits. The requirements described in this Section 9 are collectively referred to as the Insurance Requirements . To the extent there is a higher standard or additional insurance requirements under any Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease such higher standard or additional insurance requirement will be deemed to be an Insurance Requirement hereunder. 
 9.3 Amazon Insurance . Throughout the Term, and as otherwise required herein, Amazon (including its Affiliates, as applicable), will carry at its expense (a) Commercial General Liability insurance with limits of not less than USD per occurrence and USD in the aggregate (b) Worker s Compensation insurance in all jurisdictions in the United States where Amazon Personnel perform services under this Agreement as required by law and Employer s Liability insurance with a limit of not less than per occurrence and (c) Business Automobile Liability insurance as required by law with a combined single limit of not less than USD per occurrence. Amazon will provide certificates of insurance for the coverage required under this Section 9.3 upon the commencement of the Services in such jurisdictions and at Hawaiian s reasonable request. 
 10. PERSONNEL INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS 
 10.1 Relationship of the Parties . Each of Hawaiian and Amazon are independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as creating an agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between or among any of the Parties, and no Party will be entitled to act on behalf of or bind the other in any manner, except to extent expressly set forth in this Agreement or any Work Order (if at all). 
 10.2 Personnel . All Personnel furnished by a Party to provide Services are employees, agents, or subcontractors of such Party and are not employees, agents, or subcontractors of any other Party. Each Party has exclusive responsibility for and exclusive control over its Personnel, its labor and employee relations, and its policies relating to wages, hours, working conditions, and other employment conditions. Each Party (a) will ensure that its respective Personnel comply with the other Party s rules and policies while on such other Party s premises (to the extent that such other Party has informed such Party of such rules and policies with reasonable prior notice), and, for transportation to or from the premises of a customer, supplier, or other business relation of such other Party, such Party will ensure that their respective Personnel comply with such third party s rules and policies while on such third party s premises (to the extent that such Party has received reasonable prior notice of the rules and policies) (b) has the exclusive right to hire, transfer, suspend, layoff, recall, promote, discipline, discharge, and adjust grievances with its respective Personnel (c) is solely responsible for all salaries and other compensation of their respective Personnel who provide Services and is solely responsible for making all deductions and withholdings from the salaries and other compensation of its respective Personnel and for paying all contributions, taxes and assessments. Neither (w) Hawaiian s nor any Hawaiian Provider s Personnel are eligible to participate in any employment benefit plans or other benefits available to Amazon employees, nor (x) Amazon s nor any Amazon Affiliate s Personnel are eligible to participate in any employment benefit plans or other benefits available to Hawaiian or Hawaiian Provider employees, as applicable. Neither 
 43 

(y) Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider has any authority to bind Amazon to any agreement or obligation, nor (z) Amazon nor any Amazon Affiliate has any authority to bind Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider to any agreement or obligation. 
 10.3 Subcontractors . Notwithstanding the existence or terms of any subcontract or any contracting of Services by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider as described in this Section 10.3 , Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will remain jointly and severally responsible for the full performance of the Services in accordance with the Performance Standards and other requirements of this Agreement and any applicable Work Order (to the extent such Hawaiian Provider is party to such Work Order). The terms and conditions of this Agreement and any and all Work Orders are binding upon Hawaiian Providers, their Affiliates and their respective Personnel, to the extent a Hawaiian Provider is party to such Work Orders. Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider will (a) ensure that their Personnel comply with this Agreement and such Work Orders and (b) be responsible for all acts, omissions, negligence and misconduct of their Personnel. Hawaiian and any applicable Hawaiian Provider will also ensure that all of its subcontractors effectively and irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any lien upon (or other right with respect to) the packages, parcels and other cargo or transportation units transported, regardless of whether such subcontractor would otherwise be entitled to such lien or other rights under contract or applicable Law (or if and to the extent any such lien may not be waived under applicable Law, agree not to assert such lien), and waive any claim (including for amounts owed for delivery services) against Amazon and any recipient. Without in any way limiting any of Hawaiian s or any Hawaiian Provider s obligations or Amazon s rights under Section 7 , if any subcontractor of Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider asserts any claim, demand, suit, or action Hawaiian Subcontractor Claim against Amazon or any of its Affiliates and Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider, as the case may be, is then undergoing any bankruptcy proceeding, then Amazon may at its sole discretion, but is not obligated to, defend or settle such Hawaiian Subcontractor Claim at the cost and expense of Hawaiian, except that, for clarity, if Amazon incurs or pays any loss, damage, settlement, cost, expense, or any other liability (including reasonable attorneys fees) relating to such Hawaiian Subcontractor Claim, Amazon may set off such amounts in full against any amounts Amazon owes to Hawaiian or demand immediate full reimbursement from Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider. Amazon will remain responsible for the full performance if its obligations under this Agreement. To extent Amazon subcontracts any of its obligations under this Agreement, Amazon will (y) ensure that such entities and individuals comply with this Agreement and (z) be responsible for all acts, omissions, gross negligence and willful misconduct of such entities and individuals. Without in any way limiting any of Amazon s obligations or Hawaiian s or any Hawaiian Provider s rights under Section 7 if any subcontractor asserts any claim, demand, suit, or action Amazon Subcontractor Claim against Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider, as the case may be, is then undergoing any bankruptcy proceeding, then Hawaiian may at its sole discretion, but is not obligated to, defend or settle such Amazon Subcontractor Claim at the cost and expense of Amazon, except that, for clarity, if Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Provider incurs or pays any loss, damage, settlement, cost, expense, or any other liability (including reasonable attorneys fees) relating to such Amazon Subcontractor Claim, Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers may set off such amounts in full against any amounts Hawaiian owes to Amazon or demand immediate full reimbursement from Amazon. 
 44 

11. TAXES 
 Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers are liable for, and agree to pay, all income, gross receipts, franchise, or similar taxes (including interest and penalties) associated with this Agreement or the Services provided under this Agreement that are imposed upon, as applicable, Hawaiian or the Hawaiian Providers Income Taxes ). 
 Hawaiian and each Hawaiian Provider (as applicable) may charge and Amazon will pay applicable national, state, or local sales or use taxes, excise or value added taxes that Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider is legally obligated to remit Transfer Taxes ), if Hawaiian s or such Hawaiian Provider s invoices state those Transfer Taxes separately and meet the appropriate tax requirements for a valid tax invoice. Amazon may provide Hawaiian or the applicable Hawaiian Provider an exemption certificate or equivalent information acceptable to the relevant taxing authority, in which case Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider will not collect (or, as applicable will charge a reduced rate) the Transfer Taxes covered by such certificate. Each Party may deduct or withhold any taxes that it is legally obligated to deduct or withhold from any amounts payable to other Party under this Agreement, and will provide the other Party with documentation evidencing payment of such tax to the applicable taxing authority. If tax withholding applies to a payment under this Agreement, the Parties will cooperate with one another in using reasonable efforts to avoid or reduce such withholding, including by providing any tax forms that may be necessary in order for the other Party to not withhold tax or to withhold tax at a reduced rate. Payment to a Party, as reduced by such deductions or withholdings, will constitute full payment and settlement to the other Party of amounts payable under this Agreement. Throughout the Term, each Party will provide any forms, documents, or certifications as may be required for the other Party to satisfy any information reporting or withholding tax obligations with respect to any payments under this Agreement. Each Party will cooperate as and to the extent reasonably requested by the other Party in connection with the filing of tax returns and any tax proceeding with respect to taxes relating to payments under this agreement, and in using reasonable efforts to reduce or obtain a refund of such taxes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Hawaii General Excise Tax will be considered a Transfer Tax, and not an Income Tax, for purposes of this Section 11. 
 In the event that Hawaiian, any Hawaiian Provider, or Amazon fails to pay the Income Taxes or the Transfer Taxes (collectively, the Taxes that it is responsible for under this Section 11 and such Taxes are levied upon, assessed against, collected from or otherwise imposed upon another party, the party responsible for such Taxes under this Section 11 will immediately indemnify, defend, and hold the other harmless from and against all such indemnified taxes, including any interest or penalties associated with such Taxes. In addition, the indemnifying party will be subrogated to any rights the indemnified party may have to contest, dispute, or appeal the imposition of such Taxes. 
 12. WORK ORDERS AND AMAZON AIRCRAFT LEASES SUBLEASES 
 12.1 Committed Aircraft . Provided that this Agreement remains then in effect and no Hawaiian Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Amazon and Carrier will enter into a CMI Work Order in the form of Exhibit B-1 and an Amazon Aircraft Sublease in the form of 
 45 

Exhibit I concurrently with the delivery date for each of the Committed Aircraft. With respect to the first Committed Aircraft, Hawaiian will promptly notify Amazon of data required in connection with the addition of Airbus A330- freighter aircraft to Carrier s Operating Authority and Amazon will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide same in a timely manner. . 
 12.2 Additional Aircraft . Amazon will have the right to enter into CMI Work Orders and an Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease for Additional Aircraft to be operated under this Agreement upon the provision of not less than days notice as long as the model and type of Amazon Aircraft is then-currently on the Carrier s Operating Authority, provided, however that unless otherwise mutually agreed, Amazon will not add more than Amazon Aircraft per rolling period and not more than Amazon Aircraft per rolling period. In such event the Price Schedule will apply and the Parties will enter into a CMI Work Order and an Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease concurrently with the delivery date for the Additional Aircraft. Should a Hawaiian Aircraft of the same aircraft type as the Amazon Aircraft be available to perform ACMI Services and the Parties elect to enter into an ACMI Work Order for same, the pricing for CMI Services in the Price Schedule will apply, except that the Aircraft and heavy maintenance components of the Price Schedule will be mutually agreed to reflect any differences reasonably associated with Hawaiian s cost of ownership. 
 12.3 Amazon Aircraft Configuration . At the time of delivery to Carrier, each Amazon Aircraft will be in the Baseline Configuration. Any additional modifications necessary to satisfy Carrier s operational requirements or for any other reason will be the responsibility of Carrier and must be approved in advance in writing by Amazon. 
 13. GENERAL 
 13.1 Assignment by Hawaiian Providers . Except as otherwise permitted in accordance with Section 2.3 , the Parties acknowledge and agree that they have a strong and special personal and confidential relationship and trust in each Party s abilities and integrity in connection with the critical and difficult services contemplated under this Agreement and that neither Hawaiian nor any Hawaiian Provider may assign or otherwise transfer this Agreement (in whole or in part, directly, indirectly or by operation of Law), or subcontract or delegate any of their respective obligations, duties, or rights under this Agreement, without Amazon s prior written consent. For the purposes of this Section 13.1 , an assignment will be deemed to include any Change of Control. Any attempt to assign, subcontract or delegate by Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider in violation of this Section 13.1 will be void in each instance. Hawaiian or a Hawaiian Provider (as applicable) will give Amazon prompt written notice of any Change of Control including, within Business Days of Amazon s request but in no event less than Business Days prior to the closing of the Change of Control transaction, a certification to Amazon by the acquiring or surviving entity (including such other documentation as may be reasonably requested by Amazon), that it will continue providing the Services and that it will not otherwise discontinue, deprioritize or make business changes that will adversely impact Amazon s operations for the duration of the Term pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the sufficiency of which documentation will be determined in Amazon s reasonable discretion. If a Change of Control occurs during the Term and Amazon has not provided its consent as provided above 
 46 

Amazon will have the right to terminate this Agreement and any Work Order upon written notice to Hawaiian or the applicable Hawaiian Provider, effective as of the date of the Change of Control or other time specified by Amazon in its notice. Subject to the foregoing in this Section 13.1 , this Agreement will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective permitted successors and assigns. 
 13.2 Assignment by Amazon . Amazon may assign this Agreement or any Work Order to an Affiliate or in connection with any merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, or any similar transaction without the consent of Hawaiian. 
 13.3 Governing Law Venue . The internal laws of the State of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this Agreement. Amazon, Hawaiian, and each Hawaiian Provider irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in New York County, New York for the resolution of any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement and waives all objections to jurisdiction and venue of such courts. 
 13.4 Notices . Notices under this Agreement are sufficient only if made in writing and delivered by personal delivery, certified mail, nationally-recognized overnight courier service, or email with confirmed read receipt, in each case in accordance with this Section 13.4. Such notice will be deemed effective (a) when delivered personally (b) three Business Days after sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) to the applicable address(es) set forth in the signature blocks below or in the applicable Work Order (c) on the next business day after being sent by a nationally recognized courier service to the applicable address(es) set forth in the signature blocks below or (d) on the day acknowledged in writing (email or otherwise) by the recipient Party when delivered by email, but only to the extent such email notice has been sent to an employee of the recipient Party having knowledge of the matter contained in the notice (and, in the case of notice to Amazon, with a copy to contractslegal amazon.com and airlegal amazon.com, and in the case of notice to Hawaiian, with a copy to AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com and is conspicuously identified as a notice under this Agreement. Any notice to Amazon must include an additional copy to Amazon.com, Inc. Attn General Counsel P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226. Any notice to Hawaiian must include an additional copy to Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attn Chief Legal Officer, P.O. Box 30008, Honolulu, HI 96820. 
 13.5 Amendment and Waiver . Except as set forth in this Section 13.5 , this Agreement may not be amended, suspended, superseded or otherwise modified except by a written instrument, expressly identifying the modifications made and signed by the authorized representative of each of the Parties provided that, except as expressly provided in or with respect to any Work Order or exhibit, in each instance in this Agreement where reference has been made to establishing or deviating from the terms of this Agreement as mutually agreed (or with substantially similar terms), the Parties may so agree solely by written instrument signed by both Parties explicitly modifying this Agreement. No waiver will be effective under this Agreement except by a written instrument, expressly identifying the rights waived and signed by the authorized representative of each Person to be bound thereby. A waiver regarding any breach or default will not constitute a waiver with respect to any different or subsequent default unless expressly provided in such waiver instrument. Without limiting the 
 47 

generality of the foregoing, a Party will not be deemed to modify any term or waive any right or remedy under this Agreement by failing to insist on compliance with any of the terms of this Agreement or by failing in one or more instances to exercise any right under this Agreement. 
 13.6 Remedies . The rights and remedies of the Parties under this Agreement are cumulative, and any Party may enforce any of its rights or remedies under this Agreement or other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity, except that the Parties will not be entitled to any double recovery. Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers, will, at no cost to Amazon, promptly and satisfactorily correct any Services provided in a manner not in conformity with the requirements of this Agreement or any other noncompliance with this Agreement noted in connection with any review or inspection. Hawaiian and the Hawaiian Providers acknowledge that any material breach of this Agreement by Hawaiian or the Hawaiian Providers may cause Amazon irreparable harm for which Amazon may have no adequate remedies at Law. Accordingly, Amazon is entitled to seek specific performance of this Agreement or injunctive relief for any such breach. Each Party waives all claims for damages by reason of the wrongful issuance of an injunction and acknowledges that their only remedy in that case is the dissolution of that injunction. 
 13.7 Construction . Each Work Order, addendum, exhibit and schedule associated with this Agreement is hereby incorporated by reference, as if fully set forth herein, and each reference to an exhibit in this Agreement will include all subsections or portions of such exhibit, except that a Work Order or Work Orders may be referenced separately as context requires. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the Parties intend that this Agreement be enforced in such jurisdiction as if the unenforceable provisions were not present and that any partially valid and enforceable provisions be enforced in such jurisdiction to the extent that they are enforceable, and further agree to substitute for the invalid provision a valid provision (with respect to such jurisdiction) which most closely approximates the intent and economic effect of the invalid provisions. The Section headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and have no interpretive value. References to currency or USD or in this Agreement refer to the United States of America Dollar unless otherwise expressly noted. Unless the context otherwise requires, as used in this Agreement, all terms used in the singular will be deemed to refer to the plural as well, and vice versa. The use of the word including and similar terms in this Agreement will be construed without limitation. References in this Agreement to Business Days will refer to each day other than a Saturday or Sunday or a day that commercial banking institutions in Seattle, Washington or Honolulu, Hawaii are authorized or required by Law to remain closed, days means consecutive calendar days, and week will mean a calendar week commencing on Sunday and ending on Saturday. Each Party and its counsel has reviewed and jointly participated in the establishment of this Agreement. No rule of strict construction or presumption that ambiguities will be construed against any drafter will apply. Except as expressly set forth in Sections 13.8 and 13.9 , the terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply solely for the benefit of the Parties (including their permitted successors and assigns), and nothing under this Agreement will give any other third party any benefit, right or remedy under this Agreement. 
 13.8 Third Party Shippers . Amazon may from time to time use the Services on behalf of, or make the Services available to, one or more third parties (including third parties using any 
 48 

e-commerce website operated in whole or in part by Amazon) under this Agreement (including, for clarity, Section 2.12.2 (a Third Party Shipper ), it being understood that Amazon shall be jointly and severally liable with such Third Party Shipper for all of obligations of Amazon pursuant to this Agreement in connection with such Services and Hawaiian or the applicable Hawaiian Provider may be able to assert any of its rights in connection with such Services directly against Amazon. Any deviation from the above shall require the execution of a separate agreement by and among Hawaiian, Amazon and the applicable Third Party Shipper. 
 13.9 Work Orders . This Agreement governs each Work Order. If any provision of any Work Order conflicts with the terms of this Agreement, then the terms of the Work Order will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict (but with such modification limited solely to the scope of the Work Order effecting such modification). Amazon and any of its Affiliates will have the right to enter into Carrier Work Orders and Ground Services Work Orders with Hawaiian or Hawaiian Providers pursuant to this Agreement, and this Agreement will apply to each such Work Order as if the Amazon Affiliate was a signatory to the Agreement. With respect to such Work Orders, such Amazon Affiliate becomes a Party to this Agreement and references to Amazon in this Agreement are deemed to be references to such Affiliate unless otherwise specified. Each Work Order is a separate obligation of the Amazon Affiliate that executes such Work Order, and no other Amazon Affiliate has any liability or obligation under such Work Order. Each Amazon Affiliate receiving Services under this Agreement is an express intended third party beneficiary of this Agreement and will be entitled to enforce this Agreement as if an original signatory hereto. Hawaiian will remain jointly and severally responsible for the provision of Services notwithstanding any contracting of Services to any Hawaiian Provider or any Work Orders entered into by a Hawaiian Provider. 
 13.10 Hazardous Materials Notifications . Hawaiian or the applicable Hawaiian Provider will notify Amazon s dangerous goods compliance department (at the phone number or email address designated by Amazon for this purpose) promptly (and in any event within after Hawaiian or such Hawaiian Provider becomes aware of any (a) injury to persons, property damage, environmental damage, fire, breakage, spillage, leakage, or any other accident or incident involving any product defined, designated, or classified as hazardous material, hazardous substance, or dangerous good (including for clarity, limited and excepted quantities, consumer commodity, ORM-D, lithium batteries, and radioactive and magnetic materials) under any applicable Law and transported or likely to be transported by a Carrier under this Agreement (collectively, Hazardous Materials (b) event or circumstance involving Hazardous Materials that violates or is reasonably likely to violate any applicable Law, or (c) investigation of any shipment containing Hazardous Materials by any Governmental Entity. 
 13.11 Counterparts . Each Party may effect the execution and delivery of this Agreement and any Work Order, amendment or addendum hereto or thereto by facsimile or electronic transmission (including in portable document format or by electronic signature) of one or more signed counterparts that together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 13.12 Limitations of Liabilities . Under no circumstances will (a) any Party be liable for any special, incidental, consequential, or indirect damages arising from or in relation to this 
 49 

Agreement, regardless as to the cause of action and however alleged or arising or (b) Amazon s total aggregate liability to Hawaiian or any Hawaiian Providers under this Agreement exceed . Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement will limit a Party s liability with respect to . 
 13.13 Entire Agreement . 
 13.13.1 This Agreement, together with the NDA and all other documents referenced in this Agreement (including, as applicable, any then-effective Work Orders and Amazon Aircraft Lease Sublease), constitutes the complete and final agreement of the Parties pertaining to the Services and supersedes the Parties prior agreements, understandings, communications and discussions, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. 
 13.13.2 In the event of a conflict between an Amazon Aircraft Sublease and this Agreement solely with respect to which Party is responsible for any costs (including costs in connection with the use, maintenance, operation and Redelivery Conditions (as defined in the Amazon Aircraft Sublease), expenses, payments, indemnification, or remedies, this Agreement will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. 
 13.13.3 As between the Parties with respect to each Amazon Aircraft Sublease, the following expenses will be reimbursable by Amazon to Hawaiian . 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

50 

(d) 

(e) 

(f) 

(g) 

(h) . 

13.13.4 As between the Parties with respect to each Amazon Aircraft Sublease, the following remedies provisions of such Amazon Aircraft Sublease will not apply . 

51 

13.14 Cooperation . Each Party will cooperate with the other Party in good faith in the performance of its respective activities contemplated by this Agreement through, among other things, making available, as reasonably requested by the other Party, such management decisions, information, approvals and acceptances in order that the provision of the Services under this Agreement may be accomplished in a proper, timely and efficient manner. Except as expressly provided otherwise, where agreement, approval, acceptance, or consent of a Party is required by any provision of this Agreement, such action will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 13.15 Further Assurances . The Parties agree to execute and deliver such other instruments and documents as another Party reasonably requests to evidence or effect the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 13.16 Priority Over Standard Forms . The Parties may use standard business forms, including bills of lading, waybills, proof of delivery documents and invoices, but use of such forms is for convenience only and does not alter the provisions of this Agreement or any Work Order even if signed by any Party. THE PARTIES WILL BE BOUND BY, AND EACH SPECIFICALLY OBJECTS TO, ANY PROVISION THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM OR IN ADDITION TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER PROFFERED ORALLY OR IN ANY WRITING, INCLUDING ANY QUOTATION, INVOICE, SHIPPING DOCUMENT, BILL OF LADING, WAYBILL, ACCEPTANCE, CONFIRMATION, CORRESPONDENCE, TARIFF, OR CIRCULAR). 
 SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS 
 52 

This Air Transportation Services Agreement is signed by duly authorized representatives of the Parties. 
 AMAZON 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Amazon.com Services LLC Attention Director, Global Fleet & Aviation Sourcing (if by mail) P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 (if by courier) 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 USA Phone (206) 266-1000 Facsimile (206) 266-2009 
 With a copy to Attention General Counsel (same P.O. box and courier address) Email airlegal amazon.com and contracts legal amazon.com Facsimile (206) 266-1440 
 HAWAIIAN 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attention Chief Financial Officer (if by USPS) P.O. Box 30008 Honolulu, HI 96820 (if by courier) 3375 Koapaka Street Suite G350 Honolulu, HI 96819 USA Facsimile (808) 840-8369 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to Attention Chief Legal Officer (same P.O. box and courier address) Email AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 

(Signature Page to Air Transportation Services Agreement) 

Exhibit A Committed Aircraft 
 Amazon Aircraft No. Estimated Delivery Date Services Commencement Date MSN #1 

#2 

#3 

#4 

#5 

#6 

#7 

#8 

#9 

#10 

The serial numbers provided are for planning purposes only and the order in which specific aircraft are delivered is subject to change by Amazon in its discretion . 
 
 Exhibit A-1 

Exhibit B-1 Form of CMI Work Order 
 This CMI WORK ORDER No. C- (this Work Order is effective as of Work Order Effective Date and entered into and made a part of the Air Transportation Services Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon ), effective as of October 20, 2022 (the Agreement ), to apply to the Amazon entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Amazon and the Carrier entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Carrier for the Services described below. Carrier and Amazon hereto each hereby joins the Agreement with respect to all rights and obligations under this Work Order. Nothing in this Work Order will relieve Amazon or Hawaiian of their respective responsibilities for the performance of any obligations under the Agreement. All capitalized terms not defined in this Work Order have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any term in the Agreement and any term in this Work Order, the term in this Work Order will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. 
 1. WORK ORDER AIRCRAFT PROVISION OF SERVICES 
 1.1 Carrier and Amazon acknowledge that Amazon and Carrier have entered into an Aircraft Lease Sublease Agreement (MSN ), dated (the Aircraft Lease Sublease ), under which Carrier leases subleases from Amazon one Amazon Aircraft bearing Manufacturer s Serial Number and Registration Number N (the Work Order Aircraft ). 
 1.2 Carrier will operate the Work Order Aircraft in the performance of the cargo flights set forth in the Flight Schedule. The flights described in the Flight Schedule and the other Services performed by Carrier hereunder will, for purposes of this Work Order, be referred to as the Work Order Services. 
 2. EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES REIMBURSABLE EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES 
 Carrier will provide, or cause to be provided, the Personnel, capabilities, equipment and other items described in Section 2.5 of the Agreement as needed to provide Work Order Services. 
 3. COMPENSATION 
 Compensation for the Work Order Services will be as provided in the Price Schedule and as otherwise specified in the Agreement. 
 4. CHANGES IN SCOPE AMENDMENTS TO WORK ORDERS 
 Any change to Carrier s scope of Work Order Services under this Work Order must be authorized in writing by both parties, and in the case of Amazon, is binding only if signed by an Amazon Leadership Representative. 
 Exhibit B-1 

5. EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM OF WORK ORDER 
 This Work Order will be effective upon the Work Order Effective Date and will terminate in accordance with Section 4.6 or 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 6. LEASE SUBLEASE 
 Amazon and Carrier acknowledge and agree that this Work Order will terminate upon the expiration or prior termination of the Aircraft Lease Sublease . 
 SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS 
 
 Exhibit B-2 

This Work Order has been duly executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Parties on the date first written above. 
 AMAZON 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Amazon.com Services LLC Attention Director, Global Fleet & Aviation Sourcing (if by mail) P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 (if by courier) 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 USA Phone (206) 266-1000 Facsimile (206) 266-2009 
 With a copy to Attention General Counsel (same P.O. box and courier address) Email airlegal amazon.com and contractslegal amazon.com Facsimile (206) 266-1440 
 CARRIER 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attention Chief Financial Officer (if by USPS) P.O. Box 30008 Honolulu, HI 96820 (if by courier) 3375 Koapaka Street Suite G350 Honolulu, HI 96819 USA Facsimile (808) 840-8369 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to Attention Chief Legal Officer (same P.O. box and courier address) Email AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 

Exhibit B-3 

Exhibit B-2 Form of ACMI Work Order 
 This ACMI WORK ORDER No. C- (this Work Order is effective as of Work Order Effective Date and entered into and made a part of the Air Transportation Services Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon ), effective as of October 20, 2022 (the Agreement ), to apply to the Amazon entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Amazon and the Carrier entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Carrier for the Services described below. Carrier and Amazon hereto each hereby joins the Agreement with respect to all rights and obligations under this Work Order. Nothing in this Work Order will relieve Amazon or Hawaiian of their respective responsibilities for the performance of any obligations under the Agreement. All capitalized terms not defined in this Work Order have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any term in the Agreement and any term in this Work Order, the term in this Work Order will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. 
 1. WORK ORDER AIRCRAFT PROVISION OF SERVICES 
 1.1 Carrier will provide one Hawaiian Aircraft to be used in connection with the Services (the Work Order Aircraft ). 
 1.2 Carrier will operate the Work Order Aircraft in the performance of the cargo flights set forth in the Flight Schedule. The flights described in the Flight Schedule and the other Services performed by Carrier hereunder will, for purposes of this Work Order, be referred to as the Work Order Services. 
 2. EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES REIMBURSABLE EQUIPMENT AND SERVICES 
 Carrier will provide, or cause to be provided, the following Personnel, services, equipment and other items at Carrier s expense, without reimbursement by Amazon 
 2.1 The Work Order Aircraft and 
 2.2 The Personnel, capabilities, equipment and other items described in Section 2.5 of the Agreement as needed to provide Work Order Services. 
 3. COMPENSATION 
 Compensation for the Work Order Services will be as provided in the Price Schedule and as otherwise specified in the Agreement. 
 4. CHANGES IN SCOPE AMENDMENTS TO WORK ORDERS 
 Any change to Carrier s scope of Work Order Services under this Work Order must be authorized in writing by both parties, and in the case of Amazon, is binding only if signed by an Amazon Leadership Representative. 
 Exhibit B-4 

5. EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM OF WORK ORDER 
 This Work Order will be effective upon the Work Order Effective Date and will terminate in accordance with Section 4.6 or 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS 
 
 Exhibit B-5 

This Work Order has been duly executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Parties on the date first written above. 
 AMAZON 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Amazon.com Services LLC Attention Director, Global Fleet & Aviation Sourcing (if by mail) P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 (if by courier) 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 USA Phone (206) 266-1000 Facsimile (206) 266-2009 
 With a copy to Attention General Counsel (same P.O. box and courier address) Email airlegal amazon.com and contractslegal amazon.com Facsimile (206) 266-1440 
 CARRIER 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attention Chief Financial Officer (if by USPS) P.O. Box 30008 Honolulu, HI 96820 (if by courier) 3375 Koapaka Street Suite G350 Honolulu, HI 96819 USA Facsimile (808) 840-8369 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to Attention Chief Legal Officer (same P.O. box and courier address) Email AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 

Exhibit B-6 

Exhibit B-3 Blocked Space Work Order No. BS- 
 Subject to such other terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the parties hereto. 
 This BLOCKED SPACE WORK ORDER No. BS- (this Work Order is effective as of Work Order Effective Date and entered into and made a part of the Air Transportation Services Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon ), effective as of October 20, 2022 (the Agreement ), to apply to the Amazon entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Amazon and the Carrier entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Carrier for the Services described below. Carrier and Amazon each hereby joins the Agreement with respect to all rights and obligations under this Work Order. Nothing in this Work Order will relieve Amazon or Hawaiian of their respective responsibilities for the performance of any obligations under the Agreement. All capitalized terms not defined in this Work Order have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any term in the Agreement and any term in this Work Order, the term in this Work Order will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. 
 1. PROVISION OF SERVICES 
 1.1 Carrier will operate the flights pursuant to the flight schedule attached hereto as Attachment 1 Flight Schedule and Amazon will have access to cargo space of on each flight set forth in the Flight Schedule (the Blocked Space ). Amazon may also request from Carrier additional blocked space on space available basis Supplemental Blocked Space ). 
 1.2 Carrier will provide Amazon at least days notice of any changes to the Flight Schedule. 
 1.3 Amazon will tender the cargo no later than minutes prior to the scheduled departure times set forth on the Flight Schedule (or as otherwise mutually agreed) Cargo Tender Time provided, however, that Carrier will use all commercially reasonable efforts to transport any cargo delivered by Amazon after such time. Carrier will tender all cargo to Amazon or Amazon s representative no later than minutes following the actual arrival time of each Blocked Space flight Cargo Recovery Time ). 
 1.4 Within hours after the completion of a flight, Carrier will provide Amazon with the following reports (a) cargo tender receipt (including actual Cargo Tender Time, weight, package count) (b) actual flight departure time, (c) actual flight arrival time, and (d) actual Cargo Recovery Time, in a format acceptable to Amazon. 
 1.5 will provide all Ground Services at the origin and destination stations. 
 1.6 Carrier s Blocked Space Arrival Performance will be governed by the performance standards set forth in Attachment 2 Blocked Space Performance Standards ). 
 Exhibit B-7 

1.7 The provision of the Blocked Space and any Supplemental Blocked Space on flights described in the Flight Schedule and the other Services performed by Carrier hereunder in connection with same will, for purposes of this Work Order, be referred to as the Work Order Services . 
 2. COMPENSATION 
 2.1 Compensation for the Work Order Services will be per flight for the Blocked Space. For any Supplemental Blocked Space mutually agreed in writing, the compensation will be per on each flight 
 2.2 If a flight is cancelled for any reason (including Force Majeure), Carrier will promptly notify Amazon and will place Amazon s cargo on the next flight on the route at no additional cost to Amazon in excess of the cost that would have been incurred by Amazon had the flight operated as scheduled. 
 2.3 Section 2.6 of the Agreement will not apply to the Work Order Services. 
 2.4 No other amounts will be payable by Amazon to Carrier for the Work Order Services. 
 3. SPECIFIC AGREEMENT TERMS 
 The Parties agree that 2.8.8 (Payload Reports), 2.10.2 (Amendments to Flight Schedule), 2.10.3 (Temporary Changes to Flight Schedule), 2.10.4 (Unscheduled Stops), 2.11 (Aircraft Operations), 2.12 (Operations for Third Parties), 2.15 (Destruction or Casualty Loss of Aircraft), 2.16 (Sustainability Fuel Conservation), and 2.18 (Information Technology Systems) will not apply to the Work Order Services. 
 4. CHANGES IN SCOPE AMENDMENTS TO WORK ORDERS 
 Any change to Carrier s scope of Work Order Services under this Work Order must be authorized in writing by both parties, and in the case of Amazon, is binding only if signed by an Amazon Leadership Representative. 
 5. EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM OF WORK ORDER 
 This Work Order will be effective upon the Work Order Effective Date and will continue until , unless (a) earlier terminated by either Party for its convenience on calendar days notice or (b) earlier terminated by either Party in accordance with Section 4.6 or 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS 
 Exhibit B-8 

This Work Order has been duly executed and delivered by duly authorized officers of the Parties on the date first written above. 
 AMAZON 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Amazon.com Services LLC Attention Director, Global Fleet & Aviation Sourcing (if by mail) P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 (if by courier) 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 USA Phone (206) 266-1000 Facsimile (206) 266-2009 
 With a copy to Attention General Counsel (same P.O. box and courier address) Email airlegal amazon.com and contractslegal amazon.com Facsimile (206) 266-1440 
 CARRIER 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attention Chief Financial Officer (if by USPS) P.O. Box 30008 Honolulu, HI 96820 (if by courier) 3375 Koapaka Street Suite G350 Honolulu, HI 96819 USA Facsimile (808) 840-8369 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to Attention Chief Legal Officer (same P.O. box and courier address) Email AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 

Exhibit B-9 

Attachment 1 to Blocked Space Work Order FLIGHT SCHEDULE 

Exhibit B-10 

Attachment 2 to Blocked Space Work Order 
 BLOCKED SPACE PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 
 1. The term Blocked Space Arrival Performance means the percentage of flights flown in performing the Blocked Space Services during where the Aircraft arrives within minutes of the scheduled arrival time for the flight based on the Flight Schedule. In determining Blocked Space Arrival Performance, only delays that are attributable to Carrier Delays will be considered. For clarity, flights that are cancelled by Carrier for Carrier Delays will be considered delayed for the purposes of determining Blocked Space Arrival Performance and flights that are cancelled due to Force Majeure will not be considered delayed for the purposes of determining Blocked Space Arrival Performance. 
 2. The Parties acknowledge that the cumulative Blocked Space Arrival Performance target for this Agreement is . Carrier will use its best efforts to achieve and maintain this target Blocked Space Arrival Performance. 
 3. Amazon will receive a credit (calculated based on Section 5 below) if Carrier s Blocked Space Arrival Performance is less than for the month Performance Penalty ). For clarity, there will be no Performance Penalty if the cumulative Blocked Space Arrival Performance for a month is equal to or greater than . Any Performance Penalty will be applied by Carrier on the Monthly Invoice (or, as applicable, upon the termination or expiration of this Work Order). 
 4. Amazon will pay a bonus (calculated based on Section 5 below) if Carrier s Blocked Space Arrival Performance is greater than or equal to for the Performance Bonus ). Any Performance Bonus will be charged by Carrier on the Monthly Invoice (or, as applicable, upon the termination or expiration of this Work Order). 
 5. The Performance Penalty or Bonus will be calculated for each flight delayed or cancelled due to a Carrier Delay according to the length of the delay as shown in the below table. For clarity, the Performance Penalty or Bonus for a month will be cumulative of the amounts for all such delayed flights. 
 Average Blocked Space Arrival Performance Bonus Penalty for Blocked Space Arrival Performance 

Exhibit B-11 

Exhibit B-4 Form of Ground Services Work Order 
 This GROUND SERVICES WORK ORDER No. G- (this Work Order is effective as of the Work Order Effective Date and entered into and made a part of the Air Transportation Services Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Hawaiian and Amazon.com Services LLC Amazon ), effective as of October 20, 2022 (the Agreement ), to apply to the Amazon entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Amazon and the Provider entity signatory hereto (solely for the purposes of this Work Order, Provider for the Services described below. Provider and Amazon each hereby join the Agreement with respect to all rights and obligations under this Work Order. Nothing in this Work Order will relieve Amazon and Hawaiian of their respective responsibilities for the performance of any obligations contained in the Agreement. All capitalized terms not defined in this Work Order have the respective meanings set forth in the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between any term in the Agreement and any term in this Work Order, the term in this Work Order will prevail to the extent necessary to resolve the conflict. 
 1. GROUND SERVICES. 
 1.1 Provider will provide the following categories of facilities or services, or to cause the following categories of facilities or services to be provided, at the airport identified on Attachment A (the Gateway (a) the cargo and warehouse handling services (the Cargo Services and (b) the aircraft handling services (the Ground Handling Services to support the Services provided by the Carriers pursuant to the Agreement, as described on Attachment A (collectively, the Ground Services ). 
 1.2 In the performance of the Ground Services, Provider will comply, and will cause its Personnel to comply, with the service levels, procedures, reporting requirements, tracking requirements, and other performance standards set forth in Attachment B (the Ground Services Performance Standards ). 
 2. COMPENSATION. 
 Amazon will pay to Hawaiian the compensation set forth in Attachment C. 
 3. CHANGES IN SCOPE. 
 Any change to the scope of the Ground Services provided by Provider under this Work Order must be authorized in writing by both Parties (except as provided in Section 4.2 of this Work Order), and in the case of Amazon, is binding only if signed by an Amazon Leadership Representative. 
 4. EFFECTIVENESS AND TERM OF WORK ORDER. 
 4.1 This Work Order will be effective upon the Work Order Effective Date and will have an Expiration Date that is from the Work Order Effective Date. It will thereafter 
 Exhibit B-12 

automatically renew for subsequent terms unless terminated in accordance with Section 4.6 or 4.8 of the Agreement. 
 SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS 
 
 Exhibit B-13 

Amazon and Provider Services have executed this Work Order effective as of the day and year first set forth above. 
 AMAZON 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Amazon.com Services LLC Attention Director, Global Fleet & Aviation Sourcing (if by mail) P.O. Box 81226 Seattle, WA 98108-1226 (if by courier) 410 Terry Avenue North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 USA Phone (206) 266-1000 Facsimile (206) 266-2009 
 With a copy to Attention General Counsel (same P.O. box and courier address) Email airlegal amazon.com and contractslegal amazon.com Facsimile (206) 266-1440 
 PROVIDER 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By ________________________________ Name ______________________________ Title _______________________________ Date Signed _________________________ 
 Address Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. Attention Chief Financial Officer (if by USPS) P.O. Box 30008 Honolulu, HI 96820 (if by courier) 3375 Koapaka Street Suite G350 Honolulu, HI 96819 USA Facsimile (808) 840-8369 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to Attention Chief Legal Officer (same P.O. box and courier address) Email AvionNotices HawaiianAir.com 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 

Exhibit B-14 

ATTACHMENT A TO WORK ORDER GROUND SERVICES 
 Note Specific Services, equipment and facilities are subject to mutual agreement. 
 1. Airport 
 Name 
 2. Aircraft Handling Services 
 (a) Ground handling of aircraft (including aircraft loading and unloading, and pushback) 
 (b) Facilitate aircraft fueling 
 (c) Ramp handling (including lavatory and potable water servicing) 
 (d) All aircraft weight and balance 
 (e) Aircraft load planning in accordance with Amazon s instructions, and Carrier Programs and instructions 
 (f) Marshaling and wingwalking 
 (g) Required ground support equipment and related maintenance, supplies and fuel 
 (h) Facilities, including parking positions, as necessary to handle the Aircraft 
 (i) ULD unloading for inbound aircraft and 
 (j) ULD loading for outbound aircraft. 
 3. Cargo Services 
 (a) Removal of gaylords, pallets, bags, and packages from ULDs 
 (b) Loading and sorting of gaylords, pallets, bags, and packages on outbound trucks owned or procured by Amazon Trucks in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions 
 (c) Unloading of gaylords, pallets, bags, and packages from inbound Trucks 
 (d) Loading and sorting of gaylords, pallets, bags and packages onto ULDs in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions 
 (e) Loading of empty ULDs and related equipment onto outbound aircraft in accordance with Amazon s instructions, Carrier Programs, and Carrier instructions 
 Exhibit B-15 

(f) Providing required facilities and equipment and related maintenance and supplies 
 (g) Scanning of ULD, gaylord, pallet and package shipment labels printing, reprinting and applying shipment labels recording aircraft and truck movements in software provided by Amazon, in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions 
 (h) Weighing processed freight and ULDs 
 (i) Ordering ad hoc Trucks, in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions 
 (j) Ferrying ULDs, gaylords, pallets and packages between facilities on Trucks, as guided by and agreed upon with Amazon 
 (k) Snow removal 
 (l) Gateway oversight, reporting, and administration, to include 
 (i) Operation recap reporting 
 (ii) Tracking and reporting ULD inventory 
 (iii) Reporting using Amazon s Case Management system 
 (iv) Maintaining Truck activity log 
 (v) Maintaining scale activity log 
 (vi) Handling of Bills of Lading 
 (vii) Dolly audits 
 (viii) Scale calibrations 
 (ix) Sealing Trucks 
 (x) Staffing log, to include actual and planned staffing, by shift and 
 (xi) Other administrative functions in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions. 
 4. Truck Yard Management Services 
 (a) Providing required facilities and equipment and related maintenance and supplies to operate and maintain a truck yard 
 (b) Facilitate vehicle and equipment fueling 
 Exhibit B-16 

(c) Truck spotting services 
 (d) Security services 
 (e) Snow removal and 
 (f) Janitorial services. 
 Rates and services (if available) subject to mutual agreement by parties. 
 
 Exhibit B-17 

ATTACHMENT B TO WORK ORDER GROUND SERVICES PERFORMANCE STANDARDS 
 Note Attachment B to include only the below KPIs and associated SLAs and reports applicable to the Ground Services to be provided. 
 
 1. Except in the case of Force Majeure, the Ground Services Key Performance Indicators KPIs are as follows 
 (a) On Time Flight Departure Completion of the Ground Services and the Aircraft ready to depart no later than the departure time set forth in the Flight Schedule, as same may be changed from time to time 
 (b) On Time Line Haul Departure Completion of the Ground Services and both scheduled and ad hoc Trucks ready to depart with all planned freight as soon as reasonably possible after aircraft arrival no later than the scheduled departure time (SDT) set forth in the Package Flow Plan, as same may be changed from time to time 
 (c) Scan Compliance Scanning of shipment labels in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions in order to maximize the ratio of scanned labels to scannable labels at both origin and destination 
 (d) Aircraft Build Plan Compliance Completion of the Ground Services with the ULDs, bags, and packages loaded on the Aircraft in compliance with the Build Plan and with the physical weights and positions in compliance with the Load Data Message (LDM), in accordance with Amazon s procedures and instructions 
 (e) Rolled Freight Completion of the Warehouse and Cargo Handling Services with all packages departed on their scheduled outbound Truck or aircraft no later than the scheduled departure time for those packages as set in the Package Flow Plan 
 (f) Aircraft CAPS Completion of the Ground Services in accordance with complete utilization of Aircraft capacity with no CAPS instituted, as set in the Package Flow Plan. 
 2. The Warehouse and Cargo Handling Services Service Level Agreements SLAs for certain KPI are as follows 
 Exhibit B-18 

3. Warehouse and Cargo Handling Services performance bonuses or penalties may increase or decrease the amount payable by Amazon pursuant to Exhibit C to this Work Order Ground Services Fee and, if applicable, will be reconciled on a monthly basis. A performance bonus equal to of the total Ground Services Fee for a calendar month will be payable by Amazon to Provider if the Target SLA listed in the above table for a KPI is met or exceeded for the month. An additional performance bonus equal to of the total Ground Services Fee for a calendar month will be payable by Amazon to Provider if the Secondary Bonus SLA listed in the above table for a KPI is met for the month (not to exceed ). 
 4. A performance penalty equal to of the total Ground Services Fee for a calendar month will be deducted from the total Ground Service Fee if the Baseline SLA listed in the above table for a KPI is not met or exceeded for the month. An additional performance penalty equal to of the total Ground Services Fee for a calendar month will be deducted from the total Ground Service Fee if the if the Secondary Penalty 
 Exhibit B-19 

SLA listed in the above table for a KPI is not met or exceeded for the month (not to exceed ). 
 5. If any KPI for any four consecutive weeks falls under (or, in the case of Rolled Freight, above ), this will constitute an Event of Default under the Agreement. 
 6. Failure to Report Aircraft Damage If at any point during the term of this Work Order, Provider does not immediately report aircraft damage to Amazon and Carrier, Amazon will charge Provider a penalty for each unreported aircraft damage, to be deducted from the total Ground Services Fee (in addition to any claims for which Provider may be responsible). 
 7. Provider will provide to Amazon daily electronic reports in a format acceptable to Amazon documenting, among other information as requested by Amazon within timeframe defined by Amazon 
 (a) the arrival and departure time of the Aircraft 
 (b) the arrival and departure time of Trucks 
 (c) the number, type and serial number of ULDs unloaded from the Aircraft 
 (d) the number type and serial number of ULDs left on the Aircraft designated as pass-through cargo, if any 
 (e) the number of gaylords, pallets, bags and packages loaded onto Trucks 
 (f) the number, type and serial number of ULDs loaded onto the aircraft 
 (g) the number, make, model, availability status, and type of each ground support equipment and other equipment used by Provider to perform Services 
 (h) any material damage to ULDs, gaylords, pallets, bags, equipment, or packages or aircraft, whether or not caused by Provider 
 (i) staffing plans in accordance with the then current MOP, to include critical roles, and carrier trained Personnel and 
 (j) any delays or failures to meet the Performance Standards, including a detailed description of the root cause of the delay and corrective actions. 
 8. In addition to the KPIs defined in Section 1 above, Amazon will track and measure, and Provider will, at all times during the term of this Work Order, use commercially reasonable efforts to continuously improve its performance of the Services as measured against the following KPIs 
 Exhibit B-20 

(a) Cargo overspill The number of gaylords, pallets and packages left after departure of the flight 
 (b) Number of ad hoc outbound Trucks ordered 
 (c) The rate of correct identification of ULD movements in the Integrated Load Plan Viewer (ILPV), and any other system as directed by the Amazon 
 (d) Addition of correct departure and arrival timestamps for Trucks and aircraft in Yard Management System YMS and as measured by actual departure and arrival times of Trucks and Aircraft 
 (e) Volume of any missorted gaylords, pallets, packages, ULDs, or cargo 
 (f) Categorized (bucketed) number of packages processed by the Gateway that failed delivery on the promised customer delivery day due to reasons under the reasonable control of Provider and 
 (g) ULD load factor The total number of packages scanned to aircraft divided by total count of ULDs processed by the vendor and loaded onto the Aircraft. 
 
 Exhibit B-21 

ATTACHMENT C TO WORK ORDER PRICE SCHEDULE 
 
 Exhibit B-22 

Exhibit C 
 Performance Standards 
 1. Services . 
 1.1 To the extent ULDs are provided by Amazon, the Carrier will return ULDs that are not suitable for air transportation and carrier-damaged ULDs to the address or addresses designated by Amazon at Amazon s cost in accordance with Section 2.6 of the Agreement. The Carrier s return delivery of such ULDs will be made according to agreed procedures, and the Carrier will use commercially reasonable efforts to develop a mutually-acceptable system of consolidating these ULDs to minimize Amazon s shipping costs. 
 1.2 The Carrier will meet the flight availability commitments set forth in the Flight Schedule. 
 1.3 The Carrier will in no circumstances alter any information on the label provided by Amazon on any package provided by Amazon or any third party for shipment as part of the Services. 
 2. Reports and Electronic Communications . The Carrier will provide daily electronic reports including (a) performance and exception reports (b) electronic summary reports itemizing volume on a periodic basis determined by Amazon (c) such other reports described in this Agreement and (d) such other reports reasonably requested by Amazon, in the formats Amazon provides (collectively, Amazon Reports and Electronic Communications ). 
 3. Service Disruption . If the Carrier experiences any material stoppage or disruption that generally diminishes its capacity to transport and deliver parcels, it will allocate its remaining available cargo freighter capacity, if any, to Amazon s account on terms no less favorable than those granted to any other of the Carrier s customers. 
 4. Arrival Performance Incentive Disincentive . This Section 4 will not apply for Blocked Space Services or any Aircraft designated as a Network Spare unless the Network Spare is operating as a Spare Aircraft for a flight under the Flight Schedule. 
 4.1 Amazon will pay to Hawaiian a monthly financial incentive bonus Monthly Incentive Bonus for achieving an Arrival Performance greater than or equal to during such month Target Arrival Performance ). Alternatively, Hawaiian will provide Amazon with a credit Monthly Disincentive Credit against amounts owed by Amazon to Hawaiian hereunder as a financial disincentive for achieving an Arrival Performance less than the Target Arrival Performance during such month. The Monthly Incentive Bonus and the Monthly Disincentive Credit to which Hawaiian may be entitled or subject to each month will be paid or credited on a per Aircraft basis, as set forth in the table below. For 
 Exhibit C-1 

clarity, payment to Hawaiian of a Monthly Incentive Bonus or Monthly Disincentive Credit will not cure a Hawaiian or Carrier Event of Default. 
 For purposes of this Agreement, including for the purpose of determining the Monthly Incentive Bonus and the Monthly Disincentive Credit under this Agreement, the term Arrival Performance means, the percentage of all flights flown in performing the CMI or ACMI Services under this Agreement (including flights cancelled for a Carrier Delay), in any given calendar month which arrive within not more than minutes after the scheduled arrival time for each flight. If a secondary flight (i.e., any flight leg in a rotation subsequent to the initial flight leg) is delayed following earlier delayed flight leg(s) in the same rotation in the prior hour period (measured from the original scheduled departure time of the original delayed flight), the scheduled arrival time of the delayed secondary flight will be deemed to be extended by the length of the delay(s) that were experienced by such prior flight legs within the rotation, except that if the arrival time and the departure time for the Aircraft s next flight (both as reflected on the Flight Schedule) exceeds hours, then delays from prior flight legs will not be taken into account and there will be no such deemed extension. 
 4.2 In determining whether a flight has arrived within not more than minutes after its scheduled arrival time, (a) only delays that are attributable to circumstances that are within the reasonable control of the Carrier will be taken into account, which delays will be presumed to include (i) the mechanical breakdown of an Aircraft, (ii) the unavailability of an Aircraft due to regular scheduled maintenance, (iii) the acts or omissions of a Flight Crew, (iv) the unavailability of an Aircraft or Substitute Aircraft and (v) flight planning, flight following or dispatch issues (collectively, Carrier Delays and (b) no flight directly affected by Force Majeure will be deemed to be delayed, regardless of its arrival time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the delay codes labelled as Carrier Controllable in the below table will be deemed to be Carrier Delays because they are within the reasonable control of a Carrier except that delay codes marked with a YES will only be presumed to represent delays within the reasonable control of a . For clarity, although the table is intended to be comprehensive, it may not cover all delays that are within the reasonable control of a Carrier. 

Exhibit C-2 

DELAY CODE TABLE 
 
 Exhibit C-3 

Exhibit C-4 

Exhibit C-5 

4.3 The Monthly Incentive Bonus or Monthly Disincentive Credit will be (a) assessed on a monthly basis per Aircraft providing CMI or ACMI Services (up to Aircraft, excluding any Network Spares) and (b) reflected by Hawaiian on the Monthly Invoice provided in accordance with this Exhibit C for the preceding calendar month in which the incentive or credit has been calculated. The Monthly Incentive Bonus Monthly Disincentive Credit will not begin to apply until the first day of the month following the effective date (as defined in the applicable Work Order) for the third CMI (or ACMI, if applicable) Work Order. 
 ARRIVAL PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE DISINCENTIVE TABLE 
 Monthly Network Arrival Performance Monthly Bonus Credit Amount Monthly Bonus Penalty Credited to 
 
 Exhibit C-6 

Exhibit D 
 Invoices Payments Deposits Weekly Activity Statements 
 1. Invoices . Hawaiian will provide monthly electronic invoices to Amazon as set forth in this Exhibit D . Each such invoice will reflect the relevant charges due from Amazon to Hawaiian for the relevant period on a consolidated basis for Hawaiian and all Hawaiian Providers providing Services under the Agreement during that period. 
 2. Monthly Deposits by Amazon . On or before the day of each month (or the subsequent business day if the is not a business day) during which Services are provided under the Agreement, Amazon will provide to Hawaiian, . With respect to Network Spares, Amazon will pay of the applicable Fixed Monthly Costs listed in the Price Schedule for each Network Spare but no assumed usage will apply. 
 3. Weekly Activity Statements Provided by Hawaiian . Hawaiian will provide to Amazon a weekly statement of activity under the Agreement (a Weekly Activity Statement within Business Days following the end of each week when Services were performed during the preceding week. Each such Weekly Activity Statement will contain an identification of the flights performed, the date of performance, the Carrier and Amazon reference identification numbers, and flight origin and destination, reflecting the number of Block Hours and Flight Cycles actually flown by all Carriers under this Agreement during the previous week. 
 4. Monthly Invoice Reconciliation . Within Business Days following the end of each calendar month during which Services are provided under the Agreement, Hawaiian will provide to Amazon one or more invoices with respect to the preceding calendar month (a Monthly Invoice reflecting the following with respect to the preceding month 
 4.1 Reconciliation of Fixed Monthly Charge . A statement reconciling (1) the amount of the estimated Fixed Monthly Charge deposited with Hawaiian under the monthly deposit during the preceding calendar month with (2) the Fixed Monthly Charge actually payable under the Agreement for the preceding calendar month, together with a statement of any additional amount due from Amazon to Hawaiian or any credit due from Hawaiian to Amazon as a result of that reconciliation. 
 4.2 Reconciliation of Variable Charges . A statement reconciling (1) the amount of the estimated Variable Charges deposited with Hawaiian under the monthly deposit during the preceding calendar month with (2) the actual Variable Charges payable by Amazon under the Agreement for the preceding calendar month, together with a statement of any additional amount due from Amazon to Hawaiian or any credit due from Hawaiian to Amazon as a result of that reconciliation. With respect to Network Spares, if the actual Variable Charges accrued by the Network Spare for the month are less than the Minimum Availability Window Charge specified in the Price Schedule for the applicable number of Availability Windows, then Amazon will be responsible to pay the applicable Minimum 
 Exhibit D-1 

Availability Window Charge instead of the actual Variable Charges accrued by the Network Spare. 
 4.3 Reconciliation of Fuel Charges . A statement reconciling (1) the amount of the estimated Fuel Charges deposited with Hawaiian under the monthly deposit during the preceding calendar month with (2) the actual Fuel Charges payable by Amazon under the Agreement for the preceding calendar month, together with a statement of any additional amount due from Amazon to Hawaiian or any credit due from Hawaiian to Amazon as a result of that reconciliation. 
 4.4 Reconciliation of Maintenance Fuel . A statement reconciling the Maintenance Fuel used during the preceding calendar month including details of the dates, locations and applicable engine hours when Maintenance Fuel was used. 
 4.5 Performance Incentive or Disincentive . A statement showing the calculation of the Arrival Performance achieved by the Carriers under the Agreement during the preceding calendar month covered by the Monthly Invoice together with a statement of the Monthly Incentive Bonus or Monthly Disincentive Credit, if any, payable or due with respect to the preceding calendar month. 
 4.6 Other Amounts Payable or Reimbursable . A statement of any other amounts payable or reimbursable by Amazon to Hawaiian or creditable from Hawaiian to Amazon under the Agreement. 
 4.7 Amount Payable or Credit Due . A statement of the sum total amount due from Amazon to Hawaiian or the total credit due from Hawaiian to Amazon with the Monthly Invoice. 
 5. Payment of Monthly Invoice . If the Monthly Invoice shows a sum total amount payable by Amazon to Hawaiian, that amount will be paid within days following Amazon s receipt of the Monthly Invoice Business Days of receipt for any amounts owed for Fuel Charges). If the Monthly Invoice shows a sum credit due to Amazon from Hawaiian, that credit will be applied first against any amount then remaining unpaid under any Monthly Invoice, from oldest to newest, and then against the Fixed Monthly Charge payment next payable by Amazon to Hawaiian hereunder. 
 6. Invoice Data . Hawaiian will provide each Monthly Invoice in a manner that complies with all requirements of applicable tax laws and accounting standards and which, together with the Weekly Activity Statements and supporting documentation for the calendar month covered by that invoice, provides sufficient information for Amazon to determine the accuracy of the amounts invoiced thereon. Hawaiian and the Carriers will retain copies of relevant documentation supporting the invoiced amounts for a period of three years from the date of the Monthly Invoice to which such documentation relates and, during that three-year period, Amazon may inspect and audit such documentation upon request to Hawaiian. 
 Exhibit D-2 

7. Segregating Accounts . At Amazon s election from time to time, Hawaiian will promptly create separate accounts and issue separate invoices for Amazon and each Amazon Affiliate for which it provides Services and, to the extent applicable, each Third Party Shipper. Amazon shall be jointly and severally liable with the applicable Amazon Affiliate or Third Party Shipper for any payment obligation under each such separate account. 
 8. Payment Disputes Setoff . Amazon will pay undisputed portions of Hawaiian s properly submitted invoices within days of receipt of the relevant invoice. Disputed invoices, payments, credits or other amounts will be rejected, challenged or short paid (as applicable) with appropriate explanation of the discrepancy. In the event that any invoice, payment, credit or other amount is reasonably disputed, the disputing Party will notify the other Party of such dispute on or before the date that such invoice, payment or credit is due to be paid or issued (the Disputed Notice Date ). The notification of a dispute will not relieve the disputing Party of its obligations with respect to any non-disputed amounts. As soon as possible after receipt of notification of a dispute, the Parties will convene their responsible managers in order to resolve such dispute in good faith and through the application of reasonable commercial efforts. In the event that the responsible managers are unable to resolve such dispute within days after the Disputed Notice Date (in which case the settled amount will be paid within days of such resolution), then such dispute will be escalated to the Director, Global Fleet and Aviation Sourcing of Amazon and the Chief Financial Officer of Hawaiian for resolution. In the event that the Director, Global Fleet and Aviation Sourcing of Amazon and Chief Financial Officer of Hawaiian are unable to resolve the dispute or the disputing Party has not paid the disputed amount within days after the Disputed Notice Date (in which case the settled amount will be paid within days of such resolution), then the Parties may pursue their respective rights in accordance with Section 13.3 of the Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Amazon may also withhold payment of any sums due and payable to Hawaiian or its Affiliates, in whole or in part, to offset any amounts due and payable by Amazon to Hawaiian (including, for clarity, damages, costs, or expenses incurred by Amazon on account of any Hawaiian Event of Default). 
 9. All payments to Hawaiian will be made in U.S. Dollars and will be sent at Amazon s expense via irrevocable wire transfer in immediately available funds to the following account 
 Exhibit D-3 

Exhibit D-4 

Exhibit E 
 Price Schedule 

Exhibit E-1 

Exhibit F 
 Flight Schedule 
 Amazon-Hawaiian Flight Schedule No. 
 This Flight Schedule No. is effective as of and entered into and made a part of the Air Transportation Services Agreement between Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. and Amazon.com Services LLC, effective as of October 20, 2022. 
 Effective as of 
 FLT NUM GAUGE CARRIER START (Z) 
 END (Z) 
 FREQ (Z) 
 ORIG DEST DEP (Z) 
 ARR (Z) 
 BLK 
 
 Exhibit F-1 

Exhibit G 
 USPS Provisions 
 
 Exhibit G-1 

Exhibit H 
 Third Party Information Security Requirements 

Exhibit H-1 

Exhibit I 
 Form of Sublease for Amazon Aircraft 
 Included on the following pages 
 Exhibit I-1 

Exhibit J 
 Baseline Configuration 
 ATA Description Specification 3 3 22 22 22 22 22 22 23 23 25 27 27 31 31 31 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 34 46 46 46 72 
 
 Exhibit J 

Aircraft Sublease Agreement relating to One Airbus A330-300 Aircraft Manufacturer's Serial Number __ Dated __________________ 202_ (1) Amazon.com Services LLC 
 (2) Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 
 TO THE EXTENT THAT THIS AIRCRAFT SUBLEASE AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES CHATTEL PAPER (AS DEFINED IN THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT IN ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION), NO SECURITY INTEREST IN THIS AIRCRAFT SUBLEASE AGREEMENT MAY BE CREATED THROUGH TRANSFER OR POSSESSION OF ANY COUNTERPART OTHER THAN THE ORIGINAL COUNTERPART, WHICH SHALL BE IDENTIFIED AS THE COUNTERPART DESIGNATED AS THE ORIGINAL ON THE SIGNATURE PAGE OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SUBLESSOR 
 
 Exhibit J 

Contents 
 Page 
 1 Interpretation 
 1 
 2 Representations and Warranties 
 1 
 3 Indemnities 
 5 
 4 Agreement to Lease 
 19 
 5 Delivery 
 19 
 6 Manufacturer Warranties 
 23 
 7 Rental 
 25 
 8 RESERVED 
 25 
 9 RESERVED 
 25 
 10 Payments 
 25 
 11 Covenants 
 27 
 12 Reporting 
 30 
 13 Nameplates 
 31 
 14 Operation 
 32 
 15 Maintenance and Repair 
 35 
 16 Insurances 
 47 
 17 Total Loss, Damage and Requisition 
 48 
 18 RESERVED 
 50 
 19 Events of Default 
 50 
 20 Redelivery of the Aircraft 
 55 
 21 Acknowledgments and Disclaimers 
 57 
 22 Assignment and Transfer 
 59 
 23 Illegality 
 59 
 24 RESERVED 
 60 
 25 Further Assurance 
 60 
 26 RESERVED 
 60 
 27 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 60 

28 Miscellaneous 
 61 
 29 Servicer 
 63 
 30 Governing Law 
 63 
 31 Jurisdiction 
 63 
 32 Brokers 
 64 
 Schedule 1 Description of the Aircraft 
 68 
 Schedule 2 Delivery Conditions Procedures and Condition of the Aircraft at Delivery 
 69 
 Schedule 3 Aircraft Documents and Standards 
 80 
 Schedule 4 Certain Economic Terms 
 105 
 Schedule 5 Insurance Requirements 
 106 
 Schedule 6 Redelivery Conditions Procedures and Condition of the Aircraft at Redelivery 
 111 
 Schedule 7 Specification 
 124 
 Schedule 8 Other Aircraft 
 125 
 Schedule 9 Conditions Precedent 
 126 
 Appendix A Acceptance Certificate 
 129 
 Appendix B Monthly Report 
 138 
 Appendix C Redelivery Acknowledgment 
 141 
 Annex A Definitions 
 151 

Aircraft Sublease Agreement 
 Dated _______________ 202_ 
 Between 
 (1) Amazon.com Services LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, with its principal place of business at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America Sublessor and 
 (2) Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware with its principal place of business at 3375 Koapaka St., Suite G350, Honolulu, Hawaii 96819 Sublessee ). 
 Whereas 
 Sublessor and Sublessee entered into an Air Transportation Services Agreement dated October 20, 2022 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the ATSA ), pursuant to which Sublessor has agreed to sublease certain aircraft to Sublessee for Sublessee s use in providing air cargo transportation services to Sublessor. 
 Sublessor wishes to lease the Aircraft to Sublessee, and Sublessee is willing to take the Aircraft on lease from Sublessor, on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 It is agreed 
 1 Interpretation 
 1.1 Definitions In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires, capitalised words and expressions used but not defined herein have the meanings given in, or incorporated by reference, in Annex A. 
 1.2 Construction For the purposes of this Agreement, the rules of construction and interpretation given in Annex A shall apply. 
 2 Representations and Warranties 
 2.1 Sublessee Representations and Warranties Sublessee acknowledges that Sublessor has, or will have, entered into this Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which Sublessor is a party in full reliance on the following representations and warranties made by Sublessee to Sublessor and Sublessee hereby represents and warrants to Sublessor as follows 
 2.1.1 Status Sublessee is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate power, authority and legal right to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted. 
 2.1.2 Power and authority Sublessee has the power to enter into and perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and has taken all necessary corporate action to authorize the entry into, performance and delivery of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the signatories who have or will have signed the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 1 

party in its name and on its behalf were or will be duly authorized or otherwise empowered to do so. 
 2.1.3 Legal validity The Transaction Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by Sublessee, and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party constitute, or when executed and delivered by Sublessee will constitute, legal, valid and binding obligations of Sublessee, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or principles of equity or other laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights. 
 2.1.4 Non-conflict The entry into and performance by Sublessee of, and the transactions contemplated by, the Transaction Documents do not and will not (i) conflict with any laws binding on Sublessee, (ii) conflict with the constitutional documents of Sublessee, (iii) conflict with or result in a default under any document which is binding upon Sublessee or any of its assets or (iv) result in the creation of any Lien over any of its assets. 
 2.1.5 Authorization All licenses, authorizations, consents, registrations, notifications, acts, conditions and things required to be done, fulfilled and performed in order (i) to enable Sublessee lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights under and perform and comply with the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and (ii) to ensure that the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Transaction Documents are legal, valid, binding and enforceable, have been duly obtained, done, fulfilled and performed and are in full force and effect. 
 2.1.6 No Immunity Sublessee is subject to civil commercial law with respect to its obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and neither Sublessee nor any of its assets is entitled to any right of immunity from suit, execution, attachment or other legal process, and the entry into and performance by Sublessee of the Transaction Documents constitute private and commercial acts done and performed for private and commercial purposes and are of commercial benefit to it and in its commercial interests. 
 2.1.7 Registrations Assuming that the Head Lessor holds title to the Aircraft and the Sublessor has a valid and enforceable leasehold in the Aircraft under the Head Lease and that all actions necessary and advisable to perfect such title and such leasehold have been duly and validly taken, except for the registration of the Head Lease and this Agreement with the FAA and on the International Registry, and the filing of a precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement naming Sublessee as debtor and Sublessor as secured party with the Secretary of State of the State of the State of Delaware, no further filing or recording of any document is necessary or advisable in order to establish and perfect Sublessor's rights and interests in the Aircraft against Sublessee. 
 2.1.8 No restriction on Payments Under the laws of the State of Registration, there is no restrictions on Sublessee making the payments required by this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 2 

2.1.9 Taxes Assuming that Sublessor has provided Sublessee with a duly completed IRS Form W-9 and any other appropriate forms or documentation establishing a complete exemption from U.S. federal withholding taxes with respect to any amounts payable to Sublessor under this Agreement, Sublessee is not required by law to deduct any Taxes from any payments to Sublessor under this Agreement and no Taxes are imposed in the State of Organization on any payment to be made by Sublessee to Sublessor under this Agreement. 
 2.1.10 RESERVED 
 2.1.11 Litigation Except for such matters disclosed in press releases issued by Sublessee or any Sublessee affiliate or in public filings made with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, by Sublessee or any Sublessee affiliate, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or to Sublessee s knowledge, threatened against it which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to (a) have a material and adverse effect upon Sublessee s financial condition or (b) materially and adversely affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceable nature of any of the Transaction Documents to which Sublessee is a party or (c) materially and adversely affect Sublessee s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 2.1.12 No Event of Default No Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the entry into or performance by Sublessee of the Transaction Documents. 
 2.1.13 No Insolvency Sublessee is not insolvent. 
 2.1.14 Certificated Air Carrier Sublessee is a Certificated Air Carrier. 
 2.1.15 Sanctions Sublessee 
 (a) does not hold a contract or any other obligation to operate the Aircraft to or from any country which is the subject of comprehensive sanctions under any United Nations Security Council directive 
 (b) is not (i) listed on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List maintained by OFAC pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224, 66 Fed. Reg. 49079 (Sept. 25, 2001) and or any other list maintained pursuant to any of the rules and regulations of OFAC, (ii) located, organized or ordinarily resident in any country or territory as to which the United States of America has imposed a comprehensive embargo (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea region) or (iii) targeted pursuant to any other applicable executive orders or otherwise subject to any sanctions imposed pursuant to an OFAC implemented regulation and 
 (c) has measures in place designed to ensure that the export, import, delivery, lease, sublease, reexport, or in-country transfer of the Aircraft to the Sublessee will not violate, or cause any of the 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 3 

Indemnitees to be in violation of, any applicable Sanctions or Export Control Laws. 
 2.1.16 Investment Company Act. Sublessee is not an investment company or required to be registered as an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 Sublessor Representations and Warranties Sublessor hereby represents and warrants to Sublessee that 
 2.1.17 Status Sublessor is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has full corporate power, authority and legal right to own its assets and carry on its business as it is being conducted. 
 2.1.18 Powers and Authority The execution, delivery and performance by Sublessor of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is or will be a party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of Sublessor, as the case may be, and do not require any approval of its members or trustees or holders of any indebtedness or obligations of it. 
 2.1.19 Legal Validity This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Sublessor and constitutes, and each other Transaction Document to which Sublessor will be a party will be duly executed and delivered by Sublessor and, when executed and delivered, will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligations of Sublessor enforceable against Sublessor in accordance with their terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and by general principles of equity. 
 2.1.20 Non-Contravention Neither the execution and delivery by Sublessor of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party nor compliance by it with all of the provisions thereof required to be complied with by it, (i) contravenes or will contravene, or results in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its property under, the provisions of any law, governmental rule or regulation, or any order of any court or governmental authority or agency applicable to or binding on it or (ii) constitutes a breach of or default under, or results in the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of its property under, (A) its constituent documents or (B) any indenture, mortgage, contract or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its property may be bound or affected. 
 2.1.21 Consents Neither the execution and delivery by Sublessor, as the case may be, of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, nor the consummation by it of any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, requires the authorization, consent or approval of, the giving of notice to, the filing or registration with or the taking of any other action in respect of, any federal or state governmental authority or agency, except for the filings as will have been made on the Delivery Date. 
 2.1.22 Litigation Except for such matters disclosed in press releases issued by Sublessor or any Sublessor affiliate or in public filings made with the 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 4 

Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, by Sublessor or any Sublessor affiliate, no litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or to Sublessor s knowledge, threatened against it which, if adversely determined, could reasonably be expected to (a) have a material and adverse effect upon Sublessor s financial condition or (b) materially and adversely affect the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceable nature of any of the Transaction Documents to which Sublessor is a party or (c) materially and adversely affect Sublessor s ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
 2.1.23 Leasehold. Sublessor holds a valid and effective leasehold as to the Aircraft, free and clear of any Sublessor's Liens. 
 3 Indemnities 
 3.1 General Tax Indemnity 
 3.1.1 General Subject to Section 3.1.2, Sublessee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless on an After-Tax Basis each Tax Indemnitee from and against any and all Taxes imposed upon such Tax Indemnitee, Sublessee, the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part upon or with respect to A the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part or any interest therein B the manufacture, design, purchase, ownership, delivery, redelivery, transport, location, lease, sublease, assignment, alteration, improvement, possession, registration, reregistration, deregistration, nondelivery, presence, use, nonuse, replacement, substitution, pooling, operation, insurance, installation, modification, addition, rebuilding, overhaul, condition, storage, airworthiness, maintenance, testing, repair, return, abandonment, preparation or disposition of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part C rentals, receipts, proceeds, income or earnings arising from the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part or any interest therein or D the execution or delivery of any of the Transaction Documents or any future amendment, waiver or modification thereof or any amounts payable by Sublessee thereunder. 
 3.1.2 Exclusions Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sublessee shall not be obligated to defend, indemnify or hold harmless any Tax Indemnitee from or against any of the following 
 (a) Taxes on, based on, measured by or with respect to the gross or net income, gross or net receipts, capital gains, capital or net worth of any Tax Indemnitee, or that are branch profits, withholding, conduct of business, minimum or alternative minimum, franchise or ad valorem Taxes imposed on any Tax Indemnitee, in each case however denominated, but excluding sales, use, license, transfer, value added and property Taxes or Taxes of a similar nature (such non-excluded Taxes, Income Taxes ), imposed by the United States of America or by any state or local taxing authority thereof or therein 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 5 

(b) Income Taxes imposed by any Governmental Entity or other taxing authority in any jurisdiction (other than the United States of America) or by any international or multinational taxing or regulatory authority or by any territory or possession of the United States of America, except to the extent such Income Taxes result solely from A the operation, location, presence, registration or use of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part in the jurisdiction imposing such Income Taxes, B the activities of Sublessee or any Affiliate thereof in the jurisdiction imposing such Income Taxes, C Sublessee making a payment from or through the jurisdiction imposing such Income Taxes, D Sublessee being incorporated, organized, maintaining a place of business or conducting activities in the jurisdiction imposing such Income Taxes or E the status of Sublessee or any Affiliate thereof as an entity that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or as an entity owned in whole or in part by persons other than United States persons within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code 
 (c) Taxes imposed with respect to any period commencing after the earlier of A the return of possession of the Aircraft in accordance with Section 20 hereof and B the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement under circumstances not requiring the return of the Aircraft, except, in each case, to the extent x such Taxes are imposed as a result of events occurring or matters arising prior to or simultaneously with such return of possession or expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement or y such Taxes relate to payments made by Sublessee under the Transaction Documents to or for the benefit of any Tax Indemnitee following such return of possession or expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement 
 (d) Taxes imposed with respect to any period commencing before the Delivery of the Aircraft other than in respect of any payment of Rental 
 (e) Taxes imposed as a result of any sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition A by any Tax Indemnitee of all or a portion of its interest in the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine, any Part, Rental, the Trust Estate, any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement or B of any direct or indirect interest in any Tax Indemnitee, unless, in each case, such sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition occurs pursuant to x Section 14, 15, or 17 hereof or y the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 19 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default 
 (f) Taxes in excess of the Taxes that would have been imposed and indemnified against by Sublessee hereunder had there not been a sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition A by any Tax Indemnitee of all or a portion of its interest in the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine, any Part, Rental, 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 6 

the Trust Estate, any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement or B of any direct or indirect interest in any Tax Indemnitee, unless, in each case, such sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition occurs pursuant to x Section 14, 15, or 17 hereof or y the exercise of remedies pursuant to Section 19 hereof following the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default 
 (g) Taxes imposed on Trust Company on, based on, with respect to or measured by any fees payable to Trust Company for services rendered in connection with any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement 
 (h) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Tax Indemnitee (other than the gross negligence or willful misconduct imputed as a matter of law to such Tax Indemnitee solely by reason of its interest in the Aircraft) 
 (i) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for the breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or covenant of any Tax Indemnitee set out in any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement (except to the extent attributable to the breach by Sublessee of any representation, warranty or covenant set forth in any Transaction Document) 
 (j) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for a failure of any Tax Indemnitee to provide any certificate, documentation or other evidence requested by Sublessee but only if such Tax Indemnitee was eligible to provide such certificate, documentation or other evidence without any adverse consequences (other than de minimis consequences) to it for which Sublessee has not agreed to indemnify such Tax Indemnitee in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such Tax Indemnitee and, in the case of certificates, documentation or other evidence requiring disclosure of knowledge of factual information (such as the location of an Aircraft) that is known to Sublessee but not readily ascertainable by such Tax Indemnitee, only if Sublessee provides such information to such Tax Indemnitee in a timely manner, at the Tax indemnitee's reasonable request and at Sublessee's cost 
 (k) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for a present or future connection between a Tax Indemnitee or any Affiliate thereof and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax, other than a connection arising solely by reason of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents 
 (l) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for the trust created by the Trust Agreement being treated as a corporation for United States of America federal income tax purposes 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 7 

(m) Taxes imposed as a result of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
 (n) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for any amendment, waiver or modification to any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement unless A requested in writing by Sublessee (or otherwise necessary or appropriate to effect, and in conformity with, that request), B expressly required by the Transaction Documents, C pursuant to the exercise of remedies in connection with an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing or D required by applicable law 
 (o) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for any indebtedness, head lease, swap, hedge or other financing arrangements of any Tax Indemnitee or any Affiliate thereof, it being understood that the provisions of the Head Lease and this Agreement, and the lease contemplated thereby, are not such indebtedness, head lease, swap, hedge or other financing arrangements 
 (p) (A) value added or similar Taxes or (B) any other Taxes, in each case imposed by the United States of America or any state or local taxing authority thereof or therein in lieu of Income Taxes by reason of a change in law after the date hereof 
 (q) Taxes that would not have been imposed but for a Tax Indemnitee or any person holding a direct or indirect interest in a Tax Indemnitee being other than a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code and 
 (r) Taxes imposed by reason of or pursuant to FATCA. 
 3.1.3 Contests If any claim is made in writing against any Tax Indemnitee for any Taxes as to which Sublessee may have an indemnity obligation pursuant to Section 3.1.1, such Tax Indemnitee shall notify Sublessee in writing of such claim promptly and, in any case, within days after such Tax Indemnitee receives notice of such claim provided that the failure to provide such notice to Sublessee shall not affect the obligation of Sublessee to provide indemnification hereunder with respect to the Taxes that are the subject of such claim except to the extent that such failure materially adversely affects the rights or ability of Sublessee to fully contest or cause a Tax Indemnitee to fully contest such Taxes or results in the imposition of, or an increase in the amount of, any penalties, interest or additions to Tax (in which event Sublessee shall not be responsible for such imposition or increase). Upon receipt of a written request from Sublessee to such Tax Indemnitee, (i) Sublessee shall be entitled, at no cost or expense to any Tax Indemnitee, A in any contest involving only Taxes indemnifiable by Sublessee hereunder Indemnified Taxes or B in any contest involving one or more Indemnified Taxes as well as other Taxes, where the contest of such Indemnified Taxes can be severed from the contest of such other Taxes, to assume responsibility for and control of the contest in Sublessee s own name or in the name of such Tax Indemnitee, if Sublessee is permitted by law to do so Sublessee Controlled Contest or (ii) Sublessee and 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 8 

such Tax Indemnitee shall negotiate with each other for a period of up to days with a view to making arrangements whereby any relevant payment can be made or received or other obligations performed in such manner, place, currency and other circumstances as shall be lawful or as shall not give rise to any applicable Taxes or requirement for payment of any additional amount, increased withholding or indemnity amount and so as to achieve substantially the same result as would have been achieved had such payment, receipt or other obligation not been rendered unlawful or subject to such Taxes, or, as the case may be, such payment, increased withholding or requirement for indemnity had not arisen Tax Mitigation Action provided in each case t hat Sublessee shall not be entitled to contest any claim or require any Tax Indemnitee to mitigate any claim, in each case pursuant to this paragraph i during the continuation of any Event of Default under Sections 19.1.1 or 19.1.7 hereof, ii if such contest or mitigation (as applicable) could in the good faith opinion of such Tax Indemnitee entail any risk of criminal liability to such Tax Indemnitee, iii if such contest or mitigation (as applicable) will involve a material risk of the sale, forfeiture or loss of, or the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on, the Aircraft or (iv) if, in the case of any Tax Mitigation Action, such Tax Indemnitee would be required to do anything which, in its reasonable opinion, might materially adversely prejudice its business interests or tax affairs or require it to disclose confidential information. Each Tax Indemnitee shall take reasonable steps to cooperate with Sublessee, at Sublessee s request and expense, in connection with any Sublessee Controlled Contest or Tax Mitigation Action. 
 If a Tax Indemnitee is requested in writing by Sublessee to contest any claim for Indemnified Taxes and if such claim is not being contested in a Sublessee Controlled Contest or is not otherwise subject to Tax Mitigation Action, such Tax Indemnitee shall, in good faith and with due diligence, contest the validity, applicability or amount of such Taxes Tax Indemnitee Controlled Contest ). In such Tax Indemnitee s discretion, after consultation in good faith with Sublessee, such contest may be conducted by i resisting payment of such Indemnified Taxes, ii not paying the same except under protest, if protest is necessary and proper, or iii if payment is made, using reasonable efforts to obtain promptly a refund thereof in appropriate administrative and judicial proceedings. At any time while any Tax Indemnitee is conducting a Tax Indemnitee Controlled Contest, it shall consult in good faith with Sublessee regarding the manner of conducting any such contest. A Tax Indemnitee shall not be required to take or continue any action pursuant to this paragraph unless and until A Sublessee agrees to pay, and shall pay on demand, all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses that such Tax Indemnitee actually incurs in connection with and reasonably allocable to contesting such claim (including reasonable legal and accounting fees) B if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Sublessee provides security reasonably satisfactory to such Tax Indemnitee for Sublessee s obligations with respect to the Tax being contested C if such Tax Indemnitee decides after consultation with Sublessee to pay the Tax prior to the contest, Sublessee shall provide to such Tax Indemnitee an interest-free advance in an amount equal to such Tax and shall pay any additional amount required to hold such 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 9 

Tax Indemnitee harmless against any adverse Tax consequences arising from such advance (and if such contest is finally determined adversely, the amount of such advance shall be applied against Sublessee s obligation to indemnify such Tax Indemnitee against the Tax which is the subject of such contest) and D the action to be taken will not involve any risk of criminal liability to such Tax Indemnitee or a material risk of a sale, forfeiture or loss of, or the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on, the Aircraft, unless (other than in the case of a risk of criminal liability) Sublessee posts a bond or other security reasonably satisfactory to such Tax Indemnitee. 
 If a Tax Indemnitee elects not to (i) contest any Tax that it is otherwise required to contest in accordance with this Section 3.1.3 or (ii) take Tax Mitigation Action if required in accordance with this Section 3.1.3, or settles, compromises or otherwise terminates or fails to contest any such contest that it is so otherwise required to contest without the prior written consent of Sublessee, such action shall constitute a waiver by such Tax Indemnitee of any right to any amount that might otherwise be payable by Sublessee pursuant to this Section 3.1 with respect to such Tax and any other Tax for which a successful contest is adversely affected in any material respect because of such election, settlement, compromise, termination or failure (other than any expenses of the contest). If Sublessee has theretofore provided such Tax Indemnitee with an interest-free advance to pay such amount, such Tax Indemnitee shall promptly repay such interest-free advance, together with interest on the amount of such advance for the period from and including the date on which such advance was made to, but excluding, the date of repayment pursuant to this sentence at the rate that would have been paid by the relevant Taxing Authority had such contest resulted in a refund, plus an amount equal to any Tax benefits realized by such Tax Indemnitee as a result of payment pursuant to this sentence. 
 If a Tax Indemnitee actually receives a refund (or would have actually received a refund but for offset for matters not indemnifiable by Sublessee under this Section 3.1) of all or any part of any Tax paid or reimbursed by Sublessee, such Tax Indemnitee shall promptly pay to Sublessee an amount equal to the amount of such refund (or the amount of such offset) plus any interest thereon received from the relevant Taxing Authority (or that would have been received with respect to the amount of such an offset) plus an amount equal to any Tax benefits realized by such Tax Indemnitee as a result of such payment (and net of any net Tax detriment resulting from the receipt of the refund and interest on the refund). Any subsequent loss or disallowance of such refund shall be treated as a Tax subject to indemnification under this Section 3.1. 
 3.1.4 Payments and Repayments Any amount payable by Sublessee as an indemnity to any Tax Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 3.1 shall be payable on or prior to the later of i Business Days after Sublessee s receipt of written demand by such Tax Indemnitee accompanied by a written statement describing in reasonable detail the Taxes that are the subject of and basis for such indemnity and the computation of the amount payable and ii Business Days prior to the due date for the subject Taxes (including all extensions), except that Taxes being contested pursuant to 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 10 

Section 3.1.3 shall not be required to be paid, other than as provided in Section 3.1.3, before such contest is finally resolved. Notwithstanding any other provision of any Transaction Document, Sublessee shall have no obligation to pay or indemnify for, or pay any additional amounts with respect to, any Taxes that are not the responsibility of Sublessee under this Section 3.1, and if Sublessee makes any payment with respect to any such Taxes of any Tax Indemnitee, then such Tax Indemnitee shall pay to Sublessee, within days of Sublessee s demand therefor, an amount equal to the amount paid by Sublessee with respect to such Taxes. 
 3.1.5 Reports and Returns If any report or return is required to be made with respect to any Indemnified Tax, Sublessee shall in a timely and proper manner i to the extent required or permitted by law, make and file such return or report in its own name and ii in the case of any such return or report required to be made in the name of any Tax Indemnitee, inform such Tax Indemnitee of such fact and prepare such return or report for filing by such Tax Indemnitee or, where such return or report is required to reflect items in addition to Indemnified Taxes, provide such Tax Indemnitee with information relating to such Indemnified Taxes sufficient to permit such return or report to be properly made and timely filed no later than days prior to the due date for filing such return or report. With respect to reports to be filed in the name of Sublessee, each Tax Indemnitee shall provide to Sublessee such information within such Tax Indemnitee s possession or control as is reasonably necessary for Sublessee to properly complete and file any such report or return. 
 Each Tax Indemnitee agrees to furnish, upon Sublessee s written request and at Sublessee's expense, such duly executed and properly completed forms, statements or certificates as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to claim any available reduction of any Tax for which Sublessee may be obligated under this Section 3.1 or to comply with the requirements of any Taxing Authority with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement provided that Sublessee shall have furnished such Tax Indemnitee with any information necessary to complete such form, statement or certificate that is reasonably available to Sublessee and not reasonably available to such Tax Indemnitee. If any form, statement or certificate provided by Beneficiary or another Tax Indemnitee to Sublessee pursuant to any Transaction Document incorrect or, to the actual knowledge of such person, obsolete, such person shall promptly notify Sublessee. 
 3.1.6 Records Within a reasonable time after Sublessee receives from a Tax Indemnitee a written request for copies of specified records with respect to the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part maintained in the regular course of Sublessee s business and reasonably necessary to enable such Tax Indemnitee to fulfill its Tax filing, Tax audit or other Tax obligations or to contest Taxes imposed upon it, Sublessee shall provide copies of such records to such Tax Indemnitee (at Sublessee s expense). 
 3.1.7 Tax Savings If any Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee realizes any credits, deductions or other Tax benefits by reason of any payment or indemnity pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.2 or, to the extent not otherwise taken into account in the computation of such payment or indemnity, by reason of 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 11 

the imposition or payment of any Tax or Loss paid or indemnified against by Sublessee pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.2, such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee shall pay to Sublessee an amount equal to the lesser of i the sum of the amount by which such credits, deductions and other Tax benefits reduce such Indemnitee s or Tax Indemnitee s Taxes plus any Tax benefit realized as the result of any payment by such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee made pursuant to this sentence and ii the aggregate amount of all payments by Sublessee to or for the account of such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee under Section 3.1 or Section 3.2 (other than any contest expenses and less the amount of any prior payments by such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee to Sublessee pursuant to this Section 3.1.7), with the excess of (i) over (ii), if any, being carried forward and applied to reduce pro tanto any subsequent obligations of Sublessee to make payments to such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.2. Any Taxes that are imposed on an Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee as a result of the disallowance or reduction in a subsequent Tax year of a Tax benefit paid to Sublessee pursuant to this Section 3.1.7 shall be treated as a Tax for which Sublessee is obligated to indemnify such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee without regard to the exclusions set forth in Section 3.1.2. 
 3.1.8 Verification At Sublessee s written request after Sublessee receives an Indemnitee s or Tax Indemnitee s computations showing the amount of any indemnity payable by Sublessee to such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 3.1 or any amount payable by any Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee to Sublessee pursuant to this Section 3.1, such computations shall be subject to confidential verification in writing by a nationally recognized firm of certified public accountants jointly selected by Sublessee and such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee. The accounting firm shall complete its review within days of Sublessee s receipt of such Indemnitee s or Tax Indemnitee s computations. The computations of such accounting firm shall i be delivered simultaneously to Sublessee and such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee and ii absent prima facie error, be final, binding and conclusive upon Sublessee and such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee. If Sublessee pays any indemnity in whole or in part before completion of the verification procedure, appropriate adjustments will be made promptly after completion of the verification procedure (and nothing in this Section 3.1.8 shall be construed as changing the time when any such indemnity is payable under this Section 3.1) to take into account any redetermination of the indemnity by the accounting firm. The fee and disbursements of such accounting firm shall be paid by Sublessee unless such verification shall disclose an error in such Indemnitee s or Tax Indemnitee s computation in favor of such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee exceeding ten percent of the amount as computed by the Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee, in which case such fee and disbursements shall be paid by such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee. Such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee shall cooperate with such accounting firm and (subject to such accounting firm s execution of a confidentiality agreement reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee) shall supply such accounting firm with all information reasonably necessary to permit such review and determination. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 12 

3.1.9 Defaults If, at the time an amount would otherwise be payable to Sublessee under Section 3.1.3 or Section 3.1.7, any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, such amount shall be held by the relevant Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee as security for the obligations of Sublessee under the Transaction Documents. At such time as no Event of Default is continuing, such amount (net of any amount thereof that has been applied to Sublessee s obligations under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents) shall be paid to Sublessee. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.1.9 to the contrary, if any such amount has been held by Owner Trustee as security in accordance with this Section 3.1.9 for days after any Event of Default shall have occurred and during which period i Owner Trustee shall not have been limited by operation of law or something outside of Owner Trustee s control or otherwise from exercising remedies under this Agreement (including application of such amount) and ii Owner Trustee shall not have exercised any remedy available to it under Section 19 hereof (including application of such amount), then such amount to the extent not previously applied in accordance with this Section 3.1.9 shall be paid to Sublessee or its designee promptly following the day after such Event of Default shall have occurred even if such Event of Default shall then be continuing. 
 3.1.10 Non-Parties If a Tax Indemnitee is not a party to this Agreement, Sublessee may require the Tax Indemnitee to agree to the terms of this Section 3.1 prior to making any payment to such Tax Indemnitee under this Section 3.1. 
 3.2 General Indemnity 
 3.2.1 Losses Indemnified Subject to Section 3.2.2, Sublessee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless on an After-Tax Basis each Indemnitee from and against any and all Losses against such Indemnitee resulting from or arising out of i Sublessee s use, possession and operation of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part, including, without limitation, the manufacture, design, purchase, ownership, delivery, redelivery, transport, location, lease, sublease, wetlease, assignment, alteration, improvement, possession, registration, reregistration, deregistration, nondelivery, presence, use, nonuse, replacement, substitution, pooling, operation, insurance, installation, modification, addition, rebuilding, overhaul, condition, storage, airworthiness, maintenance, testing, repair, return, abandonment, preparation or disposition of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part (including, with respect thereto, without limitation, any Loss relating to, or arising from, death or injury to or property damage of passengers or others, any Loss with respect to violation by Sublessee of any laws, applicable rules or regulations including, without limitation, environmental control, noise and pollution laws, any Loss based on any latent or other defects, whether or not discoverable, and any Loss for patent, trademark or copyright infringement) or ii any failure by Sublessee to perform or observe, or any other non-compliance by Sublessee with, any covenant or agreement to be performed by Sublessee under the Transaction Documents to which Sublessee is a party or the inaccuracy in any representation of Sublessee under the Transaction Documents. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 13 

3.2.2 Losses Excluded Notwithstanding the foregoing, Sublessee shall not be obligated to defend, indemnify or hold harmless any Indemnitee from or against any of the following 
 (a) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to acts, omissions or events occurring after the earlier of A the return of possession of the Aircraft to Owner Trustee or its designee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and B the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement under circumstances not requiring the return of the Aircraft, unless and to the extent such Loss is fairly attributable to the failure of Sublessee to perform its obligations under this Agreement in full compliance herewith or arises in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 19 hereof or is attributable to obligations of the Sublessee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party that expressly provide for performance after the Termination Date 
 (b) any Loss to the extent such Loss is, or is attributable to, a Tax, whether or not indemnified against pursuant to Section 3.1 
 (c) any Loss with respect to any period commencing before Delivery of the Aircraft 
 (d) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of any Indemnitee or any member of any Indemnitee's Related Indemnitee Group (other than the gross negligence or willful misconduct imputed as a matter of law to such Indemnitee solely by reason of its interest in the Aircraft) 
 (e) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to the noncompliance or breach by any Indemnitee or any member of any Indemnitee s Related Indemnitee Group with or of any of the terms or conditions of, or any misrepresentation of any Indemnitee or any member of such Indemnitee s Related Indemnitee Group contained in, this Agreement, any other Transaction Document to which such Indemnitee or any member of such Related Indemnitee Group is a party, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement or any agreement relating hereto or thereto 
 (f) any Loss to the extent such Loss constitutes a Permitted Lien 
 (g) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to the offer, sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition (whether voluntary or involuntary) A by or on behalf of any Indemnitee or any member of any Indemnitee s Related Indemnitee Group of all or a portion of its interest in the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine, any Part, Rental, the Trust Estate, any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement or B of any direct or indirect interest in any Indemnitee, unless, in each case, such offer, sale, assignment, transfer, participation, conveyance or other disposition occurs 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 14 

pursuant to x Section 14, 15 or 17 hereof or y the exercise of remedies pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 19 hereof 
 (h) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to a failure on the part of Owner Trustee to distribute in accordance with the Trust Agreement any amounts received and distributable by it thereunder 
 (i) any Loss to the extent such Loss is attributable to the authorization or giving or withholding of any future amendments, supplements, modifications, waivers or consents with respect to any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement unless A requested in writing by Sublessee (or otherwise necessary or appropriate to effect, and in conformity with, that request) B expressly required by any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement, it being understood and agreed that nothing in this Section 3.2.2(i) shall derogate from the rights and protections of Sublessee in Section 27.5 hereof C pursuant to the exercise of remedies pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 19 hereof or D required by applicable law 
 (j) any Loss relating to any cost, fee, expense or other payment obligation to the extent such Loss is expressly payable or borne by A Sublessee pursuant to any expense, indemnification, compensation or reimbursement provision of any Transaction Document or B a person other than Sublessee pursuant to any provision of any Transaction Document, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement or the Trust Agreement or otherwise 
 (k) any Loss to the extent such Loss is an ordinary and usual operating or overhead expense 
 (l) any Loss imposed as a result of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code 
 (m) any Loss that would not have arisen but for the appointment of a successor or additional Owner Trustee without the consent of Sublessee unless such successor or an additional Owner Trustee has been appointed in connection with the exercise of remedies pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 19 hereof 
 (n) any Loss to the extent attributable to the failure of Trust Company, Owner Trustee or, unless a voting trust agreement, voting powers agreement, owner trust or similar arrangement is utilized by Beneficiary for purposes of enabling the Aircraft to be registered in the name of Owner Trustee in the United States of America, Beneficiary to be a Citizen of the United States and 
 (o) any Loss that would not have arisen but for any indebtedness, head lease, swap, hedge or other financing arrangements of any Indemnitee or any Affiliate thereof, it being understood that the provisions of the Head Lease and this Agreement, and the lease 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 15 

contemplated thereby, are not such indebtedness, head lease, swap, hedge or other financing arrangements. 
 (p) Insured Losses . In the case of any Loss indemnified by Sublessee hereunder that is covered by a policy of insurance maintained by Sublessee, each Indemnitee agrees to reasonably cooperate, at Sublessee s expense, with the insurers in the exercise of their rights to investigate, defend and compromise such Loss. 
 3.2.3 Claims Procedure An Indemnitee shall promptly notify Sublessee of any Loss as to which indemnification is sought. The failure to provide such prompt notice shall not release Sublessee from any of its obligations to indemnify under this Section 3.2 except to the extent that such failure materially adversely affects the rights or ability of Sublessee to fully contest or cause an Indemnitee to fully contest such Losses or results in the imposition of, or an increase in the amount of, Losses (in which event Sublessee shall not be responsible for such imposition or increase). Such Indemnitee shall promptly submit to Sublessee all additional information in such Indemnitee s possession to substantiate such Loss as Sublessee reasonably requests. Upon receipt of a written request from Sublessee to such Indemnitee, Sublessee and such Indemnitee shall negotiate with each other for a period of up to days with a view to making arrangements whereby any relevant payment can be made or received or other obligations performed in such manner, place, currency and other circumstances as shall be lawful or as shall not give rise to any applicable Taxes or requirement for payment of any additional amount, increased withholding or indemnity amount and so as to achieve substantially the same result as would have been achieved had such payment, receipt or other obligation not been rendered unlawful or, as the case may be, such requirement for indemnity had not arisen Loss Mitigation Action ). Subject to the rights of Sublessee s insurers and provided Sublessee has not required the relevant Indemnitee to take any Loss Mitigation Action, Sublessee may, at its sole cost and expense, investigate any Loss, and may in its sole discretion defend or compromise any Loss provided that Sublessee shall not be entitled to defend or compromise any Loss and no Indemnitee shall be required to take Loss Mitigation Action i during the continuation of any Event of Default under Sections 19.1.1 or 19.1.7 hereof, ii if such defense or Loss Mitigation Action (as applicable) could in the good faith opinion of such Indemnitee entail any risk of criminal liability to such Indemnitee, iii if such defense or Loss Mitigation Action (as applicable) will involve a material risk of sale, forfeiture or loss of, or the creation of any Lien (other than a Permitted Lien) on, the Aircraft, or (iv) if, in the case of any Loss Mitigation Action, such Indemnitee would be required to do anything which, in its reasonable opinion, might materially adversely prejudice its business interests or tax affairs or require it to disclose confidential information. At Sublessee s expense, any Indemnitee shall cooperate with all reasonable requests of Sublessee in connection with any Loss Mitigation Action or any defense or compromise of any Loss. No Indemnitee shall enter into a settlement or other compromise with respect to any Loss without the prior written consent of Sublessee, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, unless such Indemnitee waives its right to be 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 16 

indemnified with respect to such Loss. Where Sublessee or its insurers undertake the defense of an Indemnitee with respect to a Loss, no additional legal fees or expenses of such Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such Loss shall be indemnified hereunder unless such fees or expenses were incurred at the written request of Sublessee or such insurers, or if counsel representing the interests of such Indemnitee issues a written opinion Conflict Opinion that a material conflict of interest exists between the interests of Sublessee and the interests of such Indemnitee in connection with the defense of such Loss, in which case the reasonable fees and expenses of separate counsel for such Indemnitee shall be for the account of Sublessee. Subject to the requirements of any policy of insurance, an Indemnitee may participate at its own expense in any judicial proceeding controlled by Sublessee pursuant to the preceding provisions provided that such party s participation does not, in the opinion of counsel appointed by Sublessee or its insurers to conduct such proceedings, interfere with such control. Such participation shall not constitute a waiver of the indemnification provided in this Section 3.2. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Sublessee shall not under any circumstances be liable for the fees and expenses of more than one counsel for all Indemnitees except in the case of a delivery to Sublessee of a Conflict Opinion with respect to each Indemnitee seeking to be represented by separate counsel. 
 3.2.4 Related Indemnitee Group All rights (including, without limitation, the right to receive any indemnity payment under this Section 3.2) of an Indemnitee that is not a party to this Agreement shall be exercised solely by the member of such Indemnitee s Related Indemnitee Group that is a party to this Agreement. If any Indemnitee fails to comply with any duty or obligation under this Section 3.2 with respect to any Loss, such Indemnitee and its Related Indemnitee Group shall not be entitled to any indemnity with respect to such Loss under this Section 3.2 to the extent (but only to the extent) such failure was prejudicial to Sublessee. 
 3.2.5 Subrogation To the extent that a Loss is in fact paid in full by Sublessee or its insurer, Sublessee or such insurer (as the case may be) shall, without any further action, be subrogated to the rights and remedies of the Indemnitee on whose behalf such Loss was paid (other than rights of such Indemnitee under insurance policies maintained at its own expense) with respect to the transaction or event giving rise to such Loss. Such Indemnitee shall give such further assurances or agreements and shall cooperate with Sublessee or such insurer, as the case may be, to permit Sublessee or such insurer to pursue such rights and remedies, if any, to the extent reasonably requested by Sublessee and at Sublessee s expense. If an Indemnitee receives any payment, in whole or in part, from any party other than Sublessee or its insurers with respect to any Loss paid by Sublessee or its insurers, it shall promptly pay over to Sublessee such payment (but not an amount in excess of the amount Sublessee or any of its insurers has paid in respect of such Loss after subtracting the amount of reasonable and documented costs and expenses of such Indemnitee incurred in connection with such Loss to the extent such costs and expenses are due and payable to such Indemnitee under this Section 3.2 and have not already been paid or reimbursed by 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 17 

Sublessee) provided that if, at the time of such receipt by the Indemnitee, any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, such amount shall be held by such Indemnitee as security for the obligations of Sublessee under the Transaction Documents, and at such time as no Event of Default is continuing, such amount shall, if not previously applied to Sublessee s obligations under this Agreement or other Transaction Documents, be paid to Sublessee. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 3.2.5 to the contrary, if any such amount has been held by Owner Trustee as security in accordance with this Section 3.2.5 for days after any Event of Default shall have occurred and during which period i Owner Trustee shall not have been limited by operation of law or something outside of Owner Trustee s control or otherwise from exercising remedies under this Agreement (including application of such amount) and ii Owner Trustee shall not have exercised any remedy available to it under Section 19 hereof (including application of such amount), then such amount to the extent not previously applied in accordance with this Section 3.2.5 shall be paid to Sublessee or its designee promptly following the day after such Event of Default shall have occurred even if such Event of Default shall then be continuing. 
 3.2.6 No Guaranty Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, Sublessee shall not have any responsibility for, or incur any liabilities as a result of, any residual value guaranty, deficiency guaranty or similar agreement in connection with the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part. Nothing set forth in this Section 3.2 constitutes a guarantee by Sublessee that the Aircraft at any time shall have any particular value, useful life or residual value. 
 3.2.7 Payments Interest All amounts payable by Sublessee as indemnities to any Indemnitee pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall be paid within Business Days after Sublessee s receipt of a written demand by such Indemnitee accompanied by a written statement describing in reasonable detail the Losses that are the subject of and basis for such indemnity and the computation of the amount payable. Any payments made pursuant to this Section 3.2 directly to an Indemnitee or to Sublessee, as the case may be, shall be made in immediately available funds at such bank or to such account as is specified by the payee in written directions to the payor or, if no such directions are given, by check of the payor payable to the order of the payee and mailed to the payee by certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid to its address referred to in Section 28.6. To the extent permitted by applicable law, interest at the Default Rate shall be paid, on demand, on any amount or indemnity not paid when due pursuant to this Section 3.2 for the period from and including the due date for such amount to but excluding the date the same is paid. Such interest shall be paid in the same manner as the unpaid amount in respect of which such interest is due. 
 3.3 Survival The indemnities and other obligations of Sublessee (subject to Sections 3.1.2(c) and 3.2.2(a)), and the obligations of each Indemnitee and Tax Indemnitee, under Section 3.1 and Section 3.2 shall survive the expiration or other termination of the Transaction Documents. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 18 

4.1 Agreement to Lease Sublessor agrees to lease to Sublessee, and Sublessee agrees to lease from Sublessor in accordance with this Agreement, the Aircraft for the duration of the Sublease Period. 
 4.2 Risk With effect from Delivery, all risk of physical loss, theft, damage or destruction for whatever reason or cause in relation to the Aircraft shall be the sole risk and liability of Sublessee. Sublessee agrees and confirms that, if the Aircraft, any Engine or Part is lost, confiscated, damaged, destroyed or otherwise rendered unfit or unavailable for use, Sublessor shall not be liable to repair it or supply any equipment in substitution therefor. 
 4.3 True Lease This Agreement constitutes an agreement to lease and, except as otherwise provided herein with respect to replacement of Engines or Parts and in the case of a Total Loss, nothing herein shall be construed as conveying to Sublessee any right, title, or interest in the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part except as lessee only. Sublessor and Sublessee intend that this Agreement constitutes a true lease and an operating lease for all purposes (including for United States of America federal income tax purposes) and not a financing transaction or a transaction intended to create a lien in favour of Sublessor. Neither Sublessor nor Sublessee shall file any tax return or take any action which is inconsistent with the provisions of this Section 4.3. 
 5 Delivery 
 5.1 Condition of the Aircraft Sublessor, as a condition of Sublessee's obligation to accept the Aircraft, will, at its sole cost and expense, cause the Aircraft to meet the Delivery Conditions, subject to the provisions of Section 5.6.2. 
 5.2 RESERVED 
 5.3 Delivery Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the Conditions Precedent and otherwise subject to the provisions of this Agreement, Sublessor will tender and Sublessee will accept delivery of the Aircraft on or about the Scheduled Delivery Date at the Delivery Location in an as is where is condition, at which time the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall commence. 
 5.4 RESERVED 
 5.5 Acceptance Certificate Sublessee shall effect acceptance of the Aircraft by delivering to Sublessor the duly completed and executed Acceptance Certificate. Sublessee's acceptance of the Aircraft pursuant to the Acceptance Certificate shall be regarded (i) for all purposes as absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and (ii) absolute, irrevocable and unconditional confirmation that Sublessee has inspected the Aircraft and the Aircraft is in all respects satisfactory for the purposes of this Agreement provided that Sublessor shall remain obligated to rectify or procure rectification, or reimburse for or otherwise, such Minor Discrepancies as may be agreed in the Acceptance Certificate. 
 5.6 Inspection 
 5.6.1 Prior to the Delivery Date, Sublessor shall present the Aircraft, including the Aircraft Documents, to Sublessee for inspection in accordance with the procedures set out in Schedule 2 to this Agreement in order that Sublessee 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 19 

may verify that the Aircraft and the Aircraft Documents comply with the Delivery Conditions, subject only to Minor Discrepancies as agreed by Sublessor and Sublessee (each acting reasonably). 
 5.6.2 Sublessee shall promptly, but in any event within Business Days after becoming aware of such issue, notify Sublessor in writing of (i) any defect or non-conformity with the Delivery Conditions observed during the Initial Delivery Inspection or (ii) any damage sustained to the Aircraft during the Delivery Paint Positioning Flight that is not detailed in the dent and buckle chart or repair map as accepted by Sublessee at Delivery Initial Technical Acceptance and Sublessor (at its cost) shall, subject to Sublessee acting reasonably, correct or procure the correction of such defect, non-conformity or damage as promptly as practicable and in any case prior to Delivery, except to the extent 
 (a) otherwise agreed in writing between Sublessor and Sublessee or 
 (b) that such correction is prohibitively expensive having regard to the Sublessor's economics in the reasonable opinion of Sublessor or 
 (c) the defect or non-conformity is a Minor Discrepancy provided that if such Minor Discrepancy is observed during the Initial Delivery Inspection, Sublessor will use reasonable commercial efforts to correct or procure the correction of (at Sublessor's cost) such Minor Discrepancy prior to Delivery Final Technical Acceptance. 
 Notwithstanding the above, Sublessor, in its sole discretion, may waive any Delivery Condition and elect to either not perform the applicable correction or delay the performance of the applicable correction until after Acceptance, subject to Sublessee's agreement (acting reasonably), as long as the failure to meet such Delivery Condition will not (i) specifically prohibit Sublessee from operating the Aircraft in accordance with its Operating Authority (as defined in the ATSA), or (ii) render the Aircraft unairworthy or inconsistent with the Baseline Configuration (as defined under the ATSA). Subject to approval by Sublessee, Sublessor may postpone the Delivery Date to the date on which Sublessor notifies Sublessee that the defect, non-conformity or damage has been corrected provided that Sublessee shall not be entitled to withhold approval to any postponement of the Delivery Date where rectification of such defect, non-conformity or damage cannot reasonably be completed prior to the intended Delivery Date. To the extent that any Delivery Condition is waived in accordance with this Section 5.6.2 the corresponding Redelivery Condition shall be deemed to be waived to the same extent. With respect to any Sublessor election above, Sublessor and Sublessee will include in the Acceptance Certificate a list of such uncorrected discrepancies and either confirmation that the correction will be made at Sublessor s cost after Acceptance or, with respect to any such uncorrected discrepancy, the corresponding Redelivery Condition will be deemed to be modified. In the event Sublessor notifies Sublessee that neither it nor Head Lessor intends to correct or procure the correction of any defect or non-conformity with the Delivery Conditions or damage, any additional costs that may be incurred by Sublessee due to waiving any such defect or non-conformity will be borne by Sublessor as follows (y) any 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 20 

incremental maintenance and or operational activities that may need to be performed by Sublessee due to waiving any such defect or non-conformity, and any associated additional costs that may be incurred by Sublessee, will be mutually agreed between Sublessor and Sublessee in writing in the Acceptance Certificate and (z) any such costs will be reimbursed by Sublessor to Sublessee pursuant to the ATSA. 
 5.6.3 If, following good faith discussions regarding the rectification or waiver of any failure to meet a Delivery Condition, Sublessor and Sublessee agree that any such failure (a) cannot be corrected prior to acceptance or (b) cannot be waived in accordance with Section 5.6.2, then either Sublessor or Sublessee may terminate this Agreement on written notice to the other party. In the event of such a termination, all obligations of Sublessee and Sublessor under this Agreement will end on the date of such notice. 
 5.6.4 If Sublessor corrects or procures the correction of any defect or non-conformity in accordance with Section 5.6.2 Sublessee may further inspect the Aircraft to the extent necessary to satisfy itself in its sole discretion that the defect or non-conformity has been so corrected subject only to Minor Discrepancies. 
 5.7 Indemnity 
 5.7.1 Sublessee shall 
 (a) pay to each Indemnitee on demand all Losses actually suffered by such Indemnitee to the extent such Losses were solely and directly caused by the conduct of any observer, agent, employee or representative of Sublessee and 
 (b) indemnify, defend and hold harmless each of the Indemnitees from and against all Losses arising from (i) the death or injury of any observer, agent or employee of Sublessee and or (ii) the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of any observer, agent, employee or representative of Sublessee, 
 in each case in connection with any operational check flight, any inspection of the Aircraft under this Section 5 or Schedule 2 to this Agreement or any inspection or visit following an Event of Default except to the extent due to the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of any Indemnitee (other than the gross negligence or wilful misconduct imputed as a matter of law to such Indemnitee solely by reason of its interest in the Aircraft). 
 5.7.2 Sublessor shall 
 (a) pay to each Sublessee Indemnitee on demand all Losses actually suffered by such Sublessee Indemnitee to the extent such Losses were solely and directly caused by the conduct of any observer, agent, employee or representative of Sublessor and 
 (b) indemnify, defend and hold harmless Sublessee Indemnitees from and against all Losses arising from (i) the death or injury of any observer, agent or employee of Sublessor and or (ii) the gross 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 21 

negligence or wilful misconduct of any observer, agent, employee or representative of Sublessor, 
 in each case in connection with any operational check flight, any inspection of the Aircraft under this Section 5 or Schedule 2 to this Agreement or any inspection or visit following an Event of Default except to the extent due to the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of any Sublessee Indemnitee (other than the gross negligence or wilful misconduct imputed as a matter of law to such Sublessee Indemnitee solely by reason of its interest in the Aircraft). 
 5.8 Licences Sublessee shall at Sublessor's expense cooperate with Head Lessor's efforts to obtain all licences, permits and approvals required to export the Aircraft from the Delivery Location (including, without limitation, any ferry flight permit required to fly the Aircraft from the Delivery Location). Sublessee will provide Sublessor with such assistance, data and other information as Sublessor reasonably requests in connection with obtaining such licences, permits and approvals, and all Taxes and customs charges and duties incurred in connection with the export of the Aircraft from the Delivery Location or the import of the Aircraft into the State of Registration shall be for the account of the Sublessor, provided that Sublessee and Sublessor shall co-operate in good faith to minimise any such Taxes and customs charges or duties. 
 5.9 RESERVED 
 5.10 RESERVED 
 5.11 RESERVED 
 5.12 Early Termination Option 
 5.12.1 Sublessor shall have the option to terminate the leasing of the Aircraft under this Agreement (the Early Termination Option at any time in accordance with the ATSA and any Carrier Work Order (as such term is defined in the ATSA) (the last day of such term as set forth in the Termination Notice, the Early Termination Date provided that 
 (a) the Sublessor shall give the Sublessee notice in writing (the Early Termination Notice of exercise of such option not less than 1 month prior to the Early Termination Date (or immediately if the Carrier Work Order (as such term is defined in the ATSA) for the Aircraft is terminated for any reason), which Termination Notice shall be irrevocable 
 (b) With effect from the receipt by the Sublessee of the Early Termination Notice, this Agreement shall be automatically amended so that the Termination Date is the Early Termination Date, but all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full and unvaried force and effect and 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate concurrently with the termination of the relevant Carrier Work Order (as defined in the ATSA) for the Aircraft entered into between Sublessee and Sublessor. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 22 

6 Manufacturer Warranties 
 6.1 Assignment of Warranties 
 6.1.1 Sublessor hereby assigns to Sublessee and authorizes Sublessee to exercise, in each case with effect from Delivery and for the duration of the Sublease Period or until an Event of Default occurs, such rights as Sublessor has (if any) at the time of Delivery and which Sublessor may acquire during the Sublease Period under any warranties or guarantees (including with respect to any customer service entitlements available in relation to the Aircraft) in relation to the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part given by any Manufacturer, the P2F Converter, any supplier or any repairer, in each case to the extent capable of assignment or otherwise being made available to Sublessee. Sublessor shall enter into any other agreements or instruments necessary to further transfer any such warranties to Sublessee, and Sublessor shall use reasonable endeavours to procure the consent of any of the foregoing parties necessary to assign such warranties in favour of Sublessee. 
 6.1.2 On the Termination Date (or, if applicable, the date upon which an Event of Default occurs) all rights under such warranties shall automatically and immediately revert to Sublessor (or upon its request, to Head Lessor) and Sublessee shall, promptly upon request, at Sublessor's cost, unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, re-assign to Sublessor (or to such other person as Sublessor may direct) the benefit of any warranties assigned to Sublessee pursuant to Section 6.1.1, including all claims thereunder (whether or not perfected), and immediately thereafter take all steps and execute all documents provided by Sublessor required to perfect such re-assignment. 
 6.1.3 Sublessee will take all commercially reasonable steps as are necessary (i) to ensure that all work done on the Aircraft during the Sublease Period is covered by customary warranties which, if still in effect, would be transferable to Sublessor (or Sublessor's nominee) with any requisite consent at the end of the Sublease Period and (ii) at the end of the Sublease Period to ensure that the benefit of any and all warranties relating to the Aircraft to which this Section 6 applies and which have not expired is vested in Sublessor (or upon its request, to Head Lessor) (to the extent permitted by the relevant manufacturer, vendor or maintenance facility). 
 6.1.4 Sublessee shall diligently and promptly pursue any valid claims it may have under the warranties assigned to it hereunder with respect to the Aircraft except as may be mutually agreed between Sublessee and Sublessor. Sublessee will provide Sublessor prompt written notice of any warranty claim of a value that is settled with Sublessee on the basis of a cash payment in excess of the Damage Notification Threshold. 
 6.2 Proceeds of Claims 
 6.2.1 Except as may otherwise be provided in the ATSA, Sublessee undertakes and agrees to apply any proceeds of any claims assigned to Sublessee pursuant to Section 6.1.1 to remedy the defect which is the subject of such claim or reimburse itself for the same. Sublessee shall, promptly following 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 23 

receipt thereof, pay to Sublessor for Sublessor's own account (or upon its request, to Head Lessor) any and all cash payments received by Sublessee in respect of any warranty claims which relate to a diminution in value of the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part and which are not applied to the repair or remedy of defects in the Aircraft any Engine or any Part or reimbursement of Sublessee of costs expended in respect of the same and which are not in respect of compensation for loss of use of the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part during the Sublease Period due to a defect covered by such warranty and, pending such payment to Sublessor, Sublessee shall hold such monies on trust for Sublessor. So long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement has not expired or terminated, Sublessor will, subject to Section 6.1.4, co-operate with Sublessee to ensure that any such proceeds are paid to Sublessee directly. If any such proceeds are nonetheless paid to Sublessor, Sublessor agrees (subject to this Section 6.2.1) to remit such proceeds to Sublessee promptly within Business Days following Sublessor's receipt thereof. 
 6.2.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.2.1, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default which is continuing or the Termination Date Sublessor may immediately 
 (a) retain for its own account any proceeds which Sublessor would otherwise be obliged to remit to Sublessee pursuant to Section 6.2.1 
 (b) take any steps which are necessary to ensure that the proceeds of any pending claims are paid to Sublessor and not to Sublessee and 
 (c) recover from Sublessee the proceeds of any claims which have been previously paid to Sublessee, 
 in each case to the extent that such claims relate to any defect in the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part which have not been fully and completely rectified by Sublessee prior to the occurrence of such Event of Default or the Termination Date. 
 6.3 Engine and Parts Sublessee will, except to the extent that Sublessor otherwise expressly agrees in the ATSA or as expressly permitted by this Agreement, procure that all engines, components, furnishings or equipment provided by any Manufacturer, supplier or repairer in replacement or repair of a defective Engine or Part pursuant to the terms of any warranty will be promptly installed by Sublessee and that title thereto, free of Liens other than Permitted Liens, vests in Head Lessor, whereupon such part will be deemed a Part and or such engine will be deemed an Engine for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 6.4 Agreements with Manufacturers To the extent that any warranties are made available under any agreement relating to the Aircraft between any Manufacturer, supplier or repairer and Sublessee, except as may otherwise be provided in the ATSA, Sublessee will apply the proceeds of any claim under any such agreement in accordance with Section 6.2 and, pending such application, will hold the claim and the proceeds thereof on trust for Sublessor. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 24 

7 Rental 
 7.1 RESERVED 
 7.2 Base Rental Sublessee shall pay Base Rental to Sublessor in advance on each Payment Date in the amount specified as Base Rental in paragraph 3 of Schedule 4 to this Agreement. Base Rental shall be prorated for partial Rental Periods based on the number of days in such Rental Period and the number of days in the relevant calendar month. Payment of Base Rental shall be initiated adequately in advance of the relevant Payment Date to ensure that Sublessor receives credit for such payment on such Payment Date. 
 7.3 Rental Periods 
 7.3.1 The first Rental Period shall commence on the Delivery Date and end on the last calendar day of the calendar month in which the Delivery Date occurred. 
 7.3.2 Each subsequent Rental Period shall commence on the first calendar day in the next calendar month and end on the last calendar day of such calendar month, except that if a Rental Period would otherwise end after the Termination Date, it shall end on the Termination Date. 
 7.3.3 The final Rental Period shall, subject to the earlier termination of the leasing of the Aircraft in accordance with this Agreement, end on the Scheduled Termination Date. 
 8 RESERVED 
 9 RESERVED 
 10 Payments 
 10.1 Accounts For Payments All payments (including, without limitation, payments of Rental) due from Sublessee to Sublessor under this Agreement shall be made for value on the due date in Dollars and in immediately available funds by wire transfer not later than 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) (or as otherwise agreed by the parties) to the Payment Account. 
 10.2 Payments Due on Non-Business Days 
 10.2.1 If any payment by Sublessee to Sublessor falls due under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document on a day which is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on or before the immediately succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made on such due date and without adjustment in the amount due. 
 10.2.2 Payments shall be considered to be made on the date on which they are actually received in the Payment Account pursuant to Section 10.1 in the manner therein specified. 
 10.3 Net Lease This Agreement is a net lease. Sublessee's obligations under this Agreement following Delivery, are absolute and unconditional irrespective of any circumstance or contingency whatsoever and Sublessee shall continue to fully 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 25 

comply with its obligations under this Agreement irrespective of any circumstance or contingency whatsoever, including 
 10.3.1 any right of set off, counterclaim, recoupment, reimbursement, defence, abatement or other right which Sublessor or Sublessee may have against the other or against any other person for any reason whatsoever 
 10.3.2 any unavailability of the Aircraft for any reason, including requisition of the Aircraft or any prohibition, interruption or interference with or other restriction on Sublessee's use, operation or possession of the Aircraft (whether or not the same would, but for this Section 10.3, result in the termination of this Agreement by operation of law) 
 10.3.3 any lack of or invalidity of title or any other defect in the title, airworthiness, satisfactory quality, merchantability, condition, design, operation or fitness for the use of or loss or damage to the Aircraft or the ineligibility or unsuitability of the Aircraft for any particular purpose or for registration or documentation under the laws of any jurisdiction 
 10.3.4 any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganisation, amalgamation, arrangement, readjustment of debt, dissolution, liquidation or similar proceedings by or against Sublessor or Sublessee or any other person or the appointment of a liquidator, receiver or administrative receiver or like officer of Sublessor or Sublessee or any other person 
 10.3.5 any invalidity or unenforceability or lack of due authorisation of or other defect in this Agreement 
 10.3.6 any Total Loss of, or damage to, the Aircraft 
 10.3.7 any Lien or Tax and or 
 10.3.8 any other event or circumstance which (but for this Section 10.3) would or might otherwise have the effect of terminating or in any way affecting any obligation of Sublessee under this Agreement. 
 Provided the ATSA is in effect with respect to the Aircraft, the provisions of the ATSA will control with respect to Sublessee s responsibility (including through one of Sublessee s Affiliates), if any, under the ATSA should the Aircraft (or any component thereof) become unavailable for use. Nothing in this Section 10.3 shall be construed to limit Sublessee's right to institute separate legal proceedings against Sublessor in the event of Sublessor's breach of this Agreement or to limit Sublessee's rights and remedies against any other person. 
 10.4 Default Interest Sublessee shall pay interest on each Overdue Sum at the Default Rate for the period from the date on which such Overdue Sum was due to be paid to the date of actual payment. All such interest shall be compounded monthly and calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed in the month, assuming a month of 30 days and a year of 360 days. 
 10.5 Currency Sublessee acknowledges and agrees that the specification of Dollars in this Agreement is of the essence and that Dollars shall be the currency of account in all 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 26 

circumstances. Sublessee waives any right it might have in any jurisdiction to pay any amount under this Agreement in a currency other than Dollars except for payments expressly stated in this Agreement to be payable in another currency. 
 10.6 Application of Moneys Sublessor may, at its sole discretion, partly or wholly apply any money it has received or recovered from or on behalf of Sublessee either to payments due or overdue under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document at the time of such receipt or recovery, or if an Event of Default is then continuing, to any other sums payable and due under the Transaction Documents and or any Other Agreements in such manner as Sublessor may determine. 
 10.7 RESERVED 
 10.8 Certificates Save where expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement and provided the same contains a reasonable amount of detail (including invoices or similar evidence of costs and any requisite calculations), any certificate or determination by Sublessor as to any rate of interest or any other amount payable in accordance with a specific formula set forth in this Agreement shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on Sublessee. 
 11 Covenants 
 11.1 Sublessor agrees that, except (x) as expressly permitted by Section 19.2 of this Agreement following an Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing and (y) following a termination of the leasing of the Aircraft hereunder pursuant to Section 23 of this Agreement, notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, neither it nor any person claiming by, through or under it or in its name (including any Leveraging Lender) shall take or cause any action to be taken that would in any way (a) interfere with the continued possession, use and operation of, and quiet enjoyment of, the Aircraft by Sublessee, (b) make or permit to be made, any registration with respect to the Airframe or any Engine on the International Registry, other than any such registration permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (c) discharge the registration with the Aviation Authority of the Aircraft, the Head Lease or this Agreement, (d) discharge the registration with the International Registry of the International Interests arising with respect to this Agreement, (e) transfer the right to discharge any of such International Interests to any other person or cause any such right to be so transferred (other than in the case of any Leveraging Transaction that complies with Section 27.5, to the applicable Security Trustee) or (f) take or cause to be taken any action inconsistent with Sublessee s rights under this Agreement and its right to quiet enjoyment of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part. 
 11.2 From the date of this Agreement and throughout the Sublease Period, Sublessee covenants to Sublessor that it will 
 11.2.1 perform and comply with its undertakings and covenants in this Agreement at all times during the Sublease Period and until the Aircraft has been returned to Sublessor in accordance with, and Sublessee has performed all its other obligations under, this Agreement 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 27 

11.2.2 use all reasonable endeavors to procure that none of Sublessee's officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates, contractors or sub-contractors act in any manner inconsistent with Sublessee s obligations under this Agreement 
 11.2.3 preserve and maintain its corporate existence 
 11.2.4 pay or cause to be paid (i) all Taxes required by applicable laws to be paid by it (whether such Taxes are imposed upon it or upon its income and profits or upon any property belonging to it or otherwise) prior to the date on which any penalty accrues, except Taxes which it is contesting in good faith by appropriate proceedings provided that such contest does not involve any risk of criminal penalty on any Indemnitee or Tax Indemnitee or any material risk of sale, forfeiture, confiscation, seizure or loss of, or the imposition of any Lien on, the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine or any interest therein, and (ii) all other lawful claims which, if not paid, are reasonably likely to result in the imposition of a Lien upon the Aircraft or any part thereof 
 11.2.5 maintain in full force and effect all governmental consents, licenses, authorizations, approvals, declarations, filings and registrations obtained or effected by Sublessee in connection with this Agreement and every document or instrument contemplated hereby to be obtained by Sublessee (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any such consents, licenses, authorizations, approvals, declarations, filings or registrations (i) relating to registration of the Aircraft with the FAA or any export or import of the Aircraft and (ii) to be obtained by Sublessor or any other Indemnitee under any other agreement) and to take all such additional action as may be proper or advisable in connection herewith or therewith 
 11.2.6 not consolidate with, merge with or merge into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease substantially all of its assets as an entirety to any other Person except as provided in the ATSA 
 11.2.7 notify Sublessor of any change to Sublessee s registered office, principal place of business or chief executive office if there is more than one place of business within days following such change 
 11.2.8 pay promptly when due (i) all navigation and en-route charges and all other charges payable by Sublessee for the use of or services provided at any airport and (ii) any fines imposed by the Aviation Authority for violation of navigation rules, whether in respect of the Aircraft or any other aircraft in Sublessee s fleet 
 11.2.9 not at any time (i) represent or hold out Head Lessor, Sublessor, Servicer, any Leveraging Lender, any Security Trustee or any Affiliate of the foregoing as carrying goods or passengers on the Aircraft or being in any way connected to or associated with operation of the Aircraft (for the avoidance of doubt, other than identification of such parties in their capacities under the Transaction Documents or on the aircraft livery specified by Sublessor pursuant to Section 3.2 of Schedule 2) or (ii) except for the credit of Sublessor in connection with any maintenance, service, repairs, overhauls of, modifications to, or changes or alterations in the 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 28 

Aircraft for which responsibility is allocated to a party other than Sublessee under the ATSA, pledge the credit of Sublessor or any of the other Indemnitees for any maintenance, service, repairs, overhauls of, modifications to, or changes or alterations in the Aircraft or otherwise and 
 11.2.10 have measures in place designed to 
 (a) comply with all Regulations (as defined below) and procure that the Aircraft shall in no event be used, operated, located or controlled in a manner causing Owner Trustee, Beneficiary, Servicer or any Security Trustee notified to Sublessee in writing from time to time to be in violation of any Regulations or causing Owner Trustee, Beneficiary, Servicer or any Security Trustee notified to Sublessee in writing from time to time to be subject to criminal or civil sanction or the Aircraft liable to seizure 
 (b) not cause or permit the Aircraft or any Engine to proceed to, or remain in (or be flown or transported to) any Excluded Country or any other location to the extent then prohibited by applicable Law and Sublessee shall ensure that Aircraft shall not be used in, or with respect to travel to and or from, any of the countries or territories as to which the United States of America has imposed a comprehensive embargo (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and the Crimea Region), except to the extent permitted by this Agreement as part of the CRAF Program 
 (c) procure that the Aircraft will not be used for any illegal purpose or in an illegal manner and 
 (d) comply with any and all reasonable requests from Head Lessor or Beneficiary to verify and or certify compliance with the requirements of this Section 11.2.10 (including, but not limited to, providing to Head Lessor or Beneficiary upon Head Lessor's or Beneficiary's request (i) a duly completed compliance questionnaire relating to Sublessee's operations and (ii) a duly completed compliance certificate with supporting evidence and appending a copy of any and all relevant licenses pursuant to which Sublessee is seeking to evidence Sublessee's compliance with its obligations under this Agreement) (redacted as necessary to protect Sublessee's confidential information), 
 provided that Sublessee's obligations under Sections 11.2.10(a) and 11.2.10(d) are subject to 
 (i) Sublessee obtaining any applicable consent or licence from the relevant government or other regulatory entity allowing it to locate, operate or use the Aircraft in a manner which would otherwise be prevented by the terms of Sections 11.2.10(a) or 11.2.10(b), provided that reliance on such consent or license would not cause Head Lessor, 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 29 

Beneficiary, the Servicer or the Security Trustee to be in violation of any Regulations or 
 (ii) Head Lessor waiving the terms of Sections 11.2.10(a) or 11.2.10(b) in respect of any specific set of circumstances. In deciding whether to grant such a waiver, Head Lessor agrees (at its cost) to undertake good-faith consultation with all relevant entities and take into account Sublessee's operational requirements as well as its own prevailing policy, 
 and further provided that a violation of this Section 11.2.10 shall not result in a Default or an Event of Default if it is an isolated extraordinary emergency event beyond Sublessee s control that Sublessee is diligently trying to rectify and the Aircraft is removed from such situation or location as promptly as practicable. 
 In this Section 11.2.10 
 Regulations means any law or regulation, official directive or recommendation, issued by a Governmental Entity which applies to Sublessee or the Aircraft and any law or regulation, official directive or recommendation issued by a Governmental Entity which applies to Sublessor, Owner Trustee, Beneficiary, or the Servicer. For the avoidance of doubt, Regulations includes (i) applicable economic or financial sanctions laws or regulations or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced, at the time in question by the United States (including OFAC), the United Nations and the European Union and (ii) export control laws and any other economic and trade sanctions, export control, and customs laws applicable to Sublessor, Sublessee or the Aircraft, including U.S. Export Control Reform Act of 2018, U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations. 
 11.2.11 promptly after Sublessee has actual knowledge thereof, notify Sublessor of any Total Loss or any event which is likely to result in an insurance claim in excess of the Damage Notification Threshold and upon Sublessor's request, status updates relating to such claim 
 11.2.12 promptly after Sublessee has actual knowledge thereof, notify Sublessor of the occurrence of any Default or any Event of Default and upon Sublessor's request, provide Sublessor with full details of any steps which Sublessee is taking or is proposing to take in order to remedy, or mitigate the effect of, such Default or such Event of Default and 
 12 Reporting 
 Sublessee shall 
 12.1 provide to Sublessor by the day of the succeeding calendar month a completed report substantially in the form of Appendix B for the previous calendar month 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 30 

12.2 give to Sublessor all such information as Sublessor may from time to time reasonably request regarding the location, condition, use and operation of the Aircraft (including the time and location of the next C Check or Engine Performance Restoration) 
 12.3 within Business Days after receipt by Sublessee of a request by Sublessor (or such shorter period as may be set forth in any written request by any Governmental Entity for information or documents), Sublessee shall furnish in writing to Sublessor such information or documents within its possession or which are reasonably available to it (or copies thereof certified as correct by an authorized officer of Sublessee) regarding the Aircraft as may reasonably be requested by Sublessor or as may be required to enable Head Lessor or Sublessor to file any report or document required to be filed by it with any Governmental Entity because of Head Lessor's ownership interest in the Aircraft, the Airframe or the Engines provided that Sublessee shall not be required to furnish Sublessor with any such information or documents which are proprietary or confidential unless required to comply with a request from any Governmental Entity 
 12.4 promptly after receipt thereof, provide Sublessor with a copy of any letter, notice, claim or threat of suit, that relates specifically to the Aircraft, the Sublease and or is related to any matter which is reasonably likely to result in the Aircraft (or any part of it) being detained, seized and or sold and 
 12.5 promptly after Sublessor's request, provide Sublessor with such information as is reasonably required so that Head Lessor, Sublessor, Owner, any Security Trustee or any Leveraging Lender is able to comply with know your customer identification procedures, checks and requirements. 
 13 Nameplates 
 Sublessee shall, at Sublessee s cost and expense, (a) affix promptly upon receipt thereof from the Sublessor following Delivery (but subject to no interference with the commercial operation of the Aircraft) and (b) maintain throughout the Sublease Period, fireproof identification plates in a clearly visible place in the cockpit of the Aircraft and on each Engine in the vicinity of the Manufacturer s data plate, that contains the legend 
 THIS AIRCRAFT ENGINE IS OWNED BY UMB BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY AS OWNER TRUSTEE, AND LEASED TO AMAZON.COM SERVICES LLC, AND SUBLEASED TO HAWAIIAN AIRLINES, INC. AND IS SUBJECT TO A MORTGAGE IN FAVOUR OF AS SECURITY TRUSTEE AND MAY NOT BE OR REMAIN IN THE POSSESSION OF, OR OPERATED BY, ANOTHER PERSON WITHOUT SUBLESSOR'S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. 
 Sublessee shall promptly replace any such nameplate that becomes illegible, lost, damaged or destroyed for any reason (but subject to no interference with the commercial operation of the Aircraft). If at any time such legend becomes incorrect or insufficient, Sublessee will, at Sublessor s request and cost (but subject to no interference with the commercial operation of the Aircraft), promptly affix such new 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 31 

nameplates to the Airframe and the Engines as may be required and provided by Sublessor. 
 14 Operation 
 14.1 Use and Operation Sublessee shall 
 14.1.1 
 (a) comply with the laws of any country or jurisdiction which may for the time being be applicable to the Aircraft and its use, maintenance and operation (it being understood that such laws shall be limited to the laws of the State of Registration except in connection with Redelivery), including but not limited to the holding of all applicable certificates, licenses, permits, authorizations and regulations and Sublessee will advise Sublessor promptly following actual knowledge thereof in the event any such licenses, certificates or permits are cancelled, terminated, revoked or not renewed, and 
 (b) take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Aircraft is not used for any illegal purpose, 
 other than, in each case any laws with which Sublessee is prohibited by other applicable law from complying 
 14.1.2 not use the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part in any manner contrary to (i) any Manufacturer s operating manuals or instructions, or in violation of any airworthiness certificate or registration relating thereto or (ii) any regulation of the Aviation Authority, or the State of Organization or for any purpose for which the Aircraft is not designed or reasonably suitable 
 14.1.3 ensure that the personnel employed by it in connection with the operation and maintenance of the Aircraft have the qualifications and licences required by the Aviation Authority and applicable law 
 14.1.4 use the Aircraft solely in commercial or other operations for which Sublessee is duly authorized by the Aviation Authority and applicable law (including the CRAF Program but subject to Section 14.3.3) 
 14.1.5 comply with any carriage regulations or restrictions issued by IATA from time to time and not use the Aircraft for the carriage of 
 (a) whole animals living or dead 
 (b) acids, toxic chemicals, other corrosive materials, explosives, nuclear fuels, nuclear wastes, or any nuclear assembles or components, except as permitted expressly by Sublessor and for cargo aircraft under the ICAO's Technical Instructions for the Safe Transportation of Dangerous Goods by Air (to the extent applicable to an operator in the same jurisdiction as Sublessee) from time to time and provided that all the requirements for packaging or otherwise contained therein are fulfilled or 
 (c) any illegal item or substance 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 32 

14.1.6 not utilise the Aircraft for purposes of training, qualifying or re-confirming the status of cockpit personnel except for the benefit of Sublessee's cockpit personnel or prospective cockpit personnel that Sublessee is considering for employment and subject to Sublessor's consent, and then only if the use of the Aircraft for such purpose is not disproportionate to the use for such purpose of other similar model aircraft within Sublessee s fleet of aircraft 
 14.1.7 RESERVED 
 14.1.8 not use, operate or locate the Aircraft or suffer or permit the Aircraft to be used, operated or located for any purpose or in any manner not fully covered by the Insurances (other than any requisition or grounding by any applicable Governmental Entity which is outside the control of Sublessee), or outside any geographical limit imposed by the Insurances or in any manner which might prejudice the interests of the Indemnitees in the Insurances, the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part provided that a violation of this Section 14.1.8 shall not result in a Default or an Event of Default if it is an isolated extraordinary emergency event attributable to a hi-jacking, medical emergency, equipment malfunction, weather conditions, navigational error or other unforeseen circumstances, in each case beyond Sublessee s control that Sublessee is diligently trying to rectify and the Aircraft is removed from such situation or location as promptly as practicable 
 14.1.9 take no action resulting in a change of the Records Location or the State of Registration without the prior written consent of Sublessor 
 14.1.10 obtain and maintain in full force and effect all licences, permits, certificates and authorisations from time to time required to be obtained or effected by Sublessee under this Agreement in respect of the use and operation of the Aircraft and the making of payments required by, and the compliance by Sublessee with all its other obligations under the Transaction Documents (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any such licenses, permits, certificates or authorizations (i) relating to registration of the Aircraft with the FAA or any export or import of the Aircraft or (ii) to be obtained by Sublessor or any other Indemnitee under any other agreement) and 
 14.1.11 not discriminate in the operation, insurance, maintenance, repair, alteration, modification, servicing, installation or use of the Aircraft or any Engine or any Part when compared with the operation, insurance, maintenance, repair, alteration, modification, servicing, installation or use of other aircraft, engines or parts in Sublessee's fleet of the same type as the Aircraft, Engines or Parts utilized pursuant to the ATSA. The provisions of this Section 14.1.11 shall not derogate from or reduce the obligations of Sublessee under this Agreement. 
 14.2 Operational Expenses Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement (or the ATSA), Sublessee shall promptly pay and discharge all costs, expenses and other charges of any nature relating to the operation and use of the Aircraft during the Sublease Period, including 
 14.2.1 all costs, expenses and charges incurred in the operation of the Aircraft during the Sublease Period including, without limitation, license and 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 33 

registration fees, expenses of flight crews, cabin personnel, fuel, oil, lubricants, maintenance, insurance, landing and navigation fees, airport charges, cargo service and any and all other expenses or claims of any kind or nature incurred during the Sublease Period, arising directly or indirectly in connection with or related to the use, movement, operation, storage or location of the Aircraft or any Engine and 
 14.2.2 all rent, charges, fees and other amounts in respect of any premises where the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part is situated from time to time. 
 14.3 Subleases Sublessee shall not enter into, or agree to enter into, any further sublease or Wetlease in respect of, or otherwise part with the use or possession of, the Aircraft, any Engine or Part without the prior written consent of Sublessor, provided that (except with respect to Section 14.3.4 below) Sublessee may without such consent 
 14.3.1 part with possession of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part to the relevant Manufacturer or an Authorized Maintenance Provider for service, repair, maintenance, overhaul, testing or similar purposes to the extent required or permitted by this Agreement 
 14.3.2 part with possession of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine or any Part as expressly permitted by this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 14.3.4) 
 14.3.3 subject the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine to, or transfer possession of the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine to the United States of America or any instrumentality or agency thereof as part of the Civil Reserve Air Fleet program CRAF Program provided that Sublessee (A) shall promptly provide to Sublessee a copy of the lease, sublease, contract or other instrument pursuant to which the Aircraft, Airframe or any Engine is entered into the CRAF Program for its information and records, (B) shall promptly notify Sublessor in writing upon transferring possession of the Aircraft, Airframe or any Engine pursuant to this Section 14.3.3 and (C) in the case of a transfer of possession pursuant to the CRAF Program, shall notify Sublessor in writing of the name, address and phone number of the responsible Contracting Office Representative for the Air Mobility Command of the United States Air Force or other appropriate Person to whom notices must be given and to whom requests or claims must be made to the extent applicable under the CRAF Program 
 14.3.4 subject to no Event of Default having occurred which is continuing at the commencement of any Wetlease, enter into a Wetlease of the Aircraft with any person in the ordinary course of Sublessee's business, provided that 
 (a) no change occurs in the State of Registration or the Records Location will occur as a result thereof (unless agreed by Sublessor acting reasonably) 
 (b) the wet lessee expressly agrees in favour of Sublessor and the Security Trustee that its rights under the Wetlease are subject and subordinate in all respects to the rights of Sublessor as owner and lessor under and pursuant to this Agreement and of the Security 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 34 

Trustee as mortgagee, and accordingly that, if Sublessor terminates Sublessee's right to possession of the Aircraft under this Agreement, the wet lessee's right to benefit from the operation of the Aircraft under the Wetlease shall immediately terminate and the wet lessee shall make no objection to, and shall do all such things as may be necessary to facilitate, the immediate redelivery of the Aircraft by Sublessee to Sublessor. The foregoing agreement of the wet lessee shall be confirmed in writing to Sublessor by the relevant wetlessee on the request of Sublessor unless Sublessor and Security Trustee are each named as third party beneficiaries in the Wetlease, either expressly or by generic reference to the capacity in which they are acting under the Transaction Documents. Sublessee hereby covenants and undertakes to Sublessor that it shall remain at all times bound to perform all its obligations under this Agreement notwithstanding any Wetlease of the Aircraft 
 (c) the term of any Wetlease shall in no event extend beyond the Scheduled Termination Date and 
 (d) Sublessee shall provide a copy of the Wetlease to Sublessor after execution. 
 14.4 Subordination Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, the Sublessee s rights hereunder to the possession, use and enjoyment of the Airframe, and if attached to the Airframe at the commencement of the Sublease Period or if subsequently delivered to Sublessee during the Sublease Period, the Engines in accordance with the terms hereof shall be subject to the Head Lease in respect of the Aircraft, Airframe and Engines, and the Sublessee confirms and agrees that this Sublease is in all respects subject and subordinate to the Head Lease. Upon notice to the Sublessee hereunder by the Head Lessor that an Event of Default (as defined in the Head Lease) has occurred and is continuing, and that the Head Lease shall have been cancelled or terminated pursuant to the terms thereof, the Head Lessor may, at its option, by written notice to the Sublessee after the date of such cancellation or termination, terminate this Sublease and require prompt delivery by the Sublessee of the Aircraft to the Head Lessor subject to Sublessee having complied with its obligations (a) to use and operate the Aircraft as described in Section 14.1 of this Agreement and (b) to maintain the Aircraft in accordance with the requirements of the Maintenance Programme as described in Sections 15.1 (excluding Sections 15.1.12 and 15.1.13), 15.7, 15.9 and 15.10 of this Agreement (for clarity, without satisfaction of any other requirement or standard not incorporated in the Maintenance Programme whether or not such requirement or standard is referenced in such Sections) and comply with the restrictions set forth in Sections 15.1.12, 15.1.13, 15.3.2 and 15.3.3 of this Agreement. Unless the Sublessee shall have received any such written notice from the Head Lessor terminating this Sublease, the Sublessee shall be and remain fully obligated hereunder notwithstanding the continuance of any Event of Default under the Head Lease or the termination or cancellation thereof pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 15 Maintenance and Repair 
 15.1 Generally Sublessee shall 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 35 

15.1.1 maintain, overhaul and repair the Aircraft so that the Aircraft is kept in as good operating condition and repair as the condition of the Aircraft at Delivery, subject to ordinary wear and tear and after giving effect to any post-Delivery modifications, repairs or maintenance paid for or permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents 
 15.1.2 maintain in good standing a current and effective certificate of airworthiness (issued by the Aviation Authority in the appropriate public transport category) for the Aircraft 
 15.1.3 cause the Aircraft to be compliant with all applicable laws and regulations and the standards stipulated by FAR Part 121 and in a manner to maintain all warranty and service life policies and the requirements of all Airworthiness Directives and all service bulletins designated by the Aviation Authority or Type Authority as mandatory which are required to be carried out before the Scheduled Termination Date 
 15.1.4 cause all maintenance to be carried out according to the Maintenance Programme through an Authorized Maintenance Provider and shall cause all maintenance to be performed, and the Aircraft to be maintained, overhauled and repaired, in at least the same manner and with at least the same care, including maintenance scheduling, modification status and technical conditions, as is the case with respect to similar aircraft owned, leased or otherwise operated by Sublessee and utilized pursuant to the ATSA 
 15.1.5 notify Sublessor of any material change to the Maintenance Programme 
 15.1.6 incorporate in the Maintenance Programme for the Aircraft a fuel tank contamination programme as recommended by the Manufacturer and or the Aviation Authority and or Type Authority 
 15.1.7 monitor the performance of the Engines using the Engine Manufacturer's or other generally acceptable trend monitoring software 
 15.1.8 report to the Manufacturer the incorporation of service bulletins and Equipment Changes in a timely manner for the purpose of keeping the manuals published by the Manufacturer up to date with the configuration of the Aircraft 
 15.1.9 promptly repair any defects found in respect of the Aircraft, including any individual Engine or Part that is deemed unserviceable, during the Sublease Period (or, with respect to a Part, replace such Part pursuant to Section 15.3) 
 15.1.10 RESERVED 
 15.1.11 notify Sublessor of all structural repairs to the Airframe and procure that all such structural repairs shall be Acceptable Repairs notwithstanding the foregoing (a) Sublessee shall be permitted to accomplish structural repairs to the Airframe in accordance with data that has not been approved by the Manufacturer, provided (i) each such repair has been accomplished in accordance with data approved by the FAA, (ii) Sublessee provides to Sublessor at Redelivery all reasonably pertinent records which would enable 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 36 

Sublessor to have the repair reviewed against type design by the Airframe Manufacturer following Redelivery, and (iii) except in respect of (i) and (ii) above, the repair is otherwise compliant with the requirements for an Acceptable Repair (any such repair pursuant to the foregoing requirement an Adapted Acceptable Repair and (b) during the Sublease Period, Sublessee shall be permitted to accomplish a with an interval for supplemental inspection less than Flight Hours and or Cycles months or a ), provided Sublessee replaces any such repair with an Acceptable Repair or an Adapted Acceptable Repair prior to the Termination Date 
 15.1.12 procure that no DER Repairs shall be incorporated in the Airframe, Engines or Parts, except as set out above in Section 15.1.11 
 15.1.13 procure that repairs to Engines shall be accomplished in accordance with the Engine Manufacturer's published manuals and that any deviations to the requirements of the Engine Manufacturer's published manuals recommended by the Engine Manufacturer which are specific to an Engine (as opposed to all engines of the same type as the Engine) shall have Type Authority approval and 
 15.1.14 except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, procure that repairs to Parts shall be accomplished in accordance with the published manuals of the Manufacturer of such Parts or in accordance with other repair data recommended by the Manufacturer of such Parts and approved by the Type Authority. 
 15.1.15 Notwithstanding anything in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, except in connection with (a) the Redelivery Conditions and (b) Sublessee's compliance with Section 14.1 of this Agreement, Sublessee's performance of its obligations under Sections 15.1 (excluding Sections 15.1.12 and 15.1.13), 15.7, 15.9 and 15.10 (including any references to other sections or schedules of this Agreement contained in such sections) in accordance with the requirements of the Maintenance Programme (for clarity, without satisfaction of any other requirement or standard not incorporated in the Maintenance Programme whether or not any such requirement or standard is referenced in any such sections or schedules) shall be deemed to satisfy Sublessee's obligations hereunder. Notwithstanding anything in the Maintenance Programme to the contrary, Sublessee shall in all cases comply with the restrictions set forth in Sections 15.1.12, 15.1.13, 15.3.2 and 15.3.3. Sublessor and Sublessee agree that the cost of the performance Sublessee's obligations under this Section 15 shall be as provided in the ATSA. 
 15.2 Permanent Replacement of Engines 
 15.2.1 Sublessee shall as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event before the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Termination Date, (y) the Termination Date, and (z) days of the occurrence of an Engine Total Loss with respect to an Engine procure the replacement of such Engine by conveying to Head Lessor title to an engine complying with the following conditions (the Replacement Engine provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing (but without prejudice to Section 2.5.3 of the ATSA), in connection with an 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 37 

Engine Total Loss, Sublessee's obligations hereunder shall be limited to reasonable cooperation with Sublessor, acting in good faith and with due haste, to procure a Replacement Engine 
 (a) the Replacement Engine shall (i) meet the entry conditions required under the PBH Agreement between Sublessor and Engine Manufacturer, (ii) be in a condition which does not result in an entry fee or similar charges under the PBH Agreement between Sublessor and Engine Manufacturer and (iii) of be of the same type, model and manufacture as the Engine to be replaced, or an improved model of the same manufacture, and suitable for use on the Airframe and compatible with the remaining Engine 
 (b) the Replacement Engine shall be of at least equivalent value, maintenance status and modification status as the Engine to be replaced, assuming that such Engine was in the condition required by the provisions of this Agreement immediately prior to its replacement 
 (c) the Replacement Engine and its LLPs shall not have been involved in any incident or accident 
 (d) the Replacement Engine shall become and remain the property of Head Lessor free of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and on becoming the property of Head Lessor shall without further act be subject to this Agreement and may be subject to any applicable Mortgage in accordance with the terms thereof 
 (e) Sublessee shall have full details of the Replacement Engine's source (including evidence of the chain of ownership back to the Manufacturer thereof to the extent available, provided Sublessee shall use reasonable efforts to obtain any missing evidence) and maintenance records including (1) records of shop visits performed on such engine (2) evidence of TSN and CSN of such engine at installation on and removal from each airframe on which such engine has been installed since its manufacture, (3) a statement in respect of such engine (which may be at the aircraft or the engine level) from each operator of such engine since new manufacture confirming that the engine has never been involved in an incident or accident and (4) all certification documentation necessary to demonstrate back to birth traceability as required in accordance with D16 of Schedule 3 for the LLPs of such engine and 
 (f) immediately prior to installation, the Replacement Engine must have a current Serviceable Tag compliant with the requirements of the Aviation Authority for installation on the Aircraft and indicating that such replacement engine is either new, inspected, repaired or overhauled. 
 In the case of an Engine Total Loss any insurance proceeds paid to Sublessee with respect to the Engine suffering such Engine Total Loss shall 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 38 

be (x) paid over to Sublessor if Sublessor sources the Replacement Engine, or (y) retained by Sublessee if Sublessee sources the Replacement Engine. 
 15.2.2 At or prior to the time of any such conveyance, and as a condition to such replacement, Sublessee shall promptly 
 (a) provide Sublessor (for benefit of Head Lessor) with a warranty bill of sale with a full title guarantee and otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Head Lessor duly conveying to Head Lessor title to such Replacement Engine 
 (b) cause an acceptance certificate and, if required, a lease supplement (each in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessor) covering such Replacement Engine and subjecting such Replacement Engine to this Agreement to be duly executed and recorded or registered pursuant to applicable law (such recordation or registration to be evidenced by the provision to Sublessor and, if required, the Security Trustee, of an opinion reasonably acceptable to Sublessor from counsel in the State of Registration) 
 (c) provide Sublessor with such evidence of compliance with the insurance provisions of this Agreement with respect to such Replacement Engine as Sublessor may request 
 (d) at Sublessor's cost, provide Sublessor and, if required by Sublessor, Security Trustee, with a customary legal opinion reasonably acceptable to Sublessor, addressed to and in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessor and the Security Trustee, confirming 
 (i) that such Replacement Engine is duly leased hereunder 
 (ii) that any acceptance certificate and or lease supplement referred to in Section 15.2.2(b) is valid and enforceable and 
 (iii) such other matters as Sublessor may reasonably request 
 (e) provide Sublessor with a certificate of an aircraft engineer (who may be an employee of Sublessee) certifying that such Replacement Engine is of at least equivalent value, maintenance status and modification status as the Engine to be replaced, assuming that such Engine was in the condition required by the provisions of this Agreement immediately prior to its replacement 
 (f) provide Sublessor with evidence of the chain of ownership back to the Manufacturer in respect of such Replacement Engine to the extent available, provided Sublessee shall use reasonable efforts to obtain any missing evidence 
 (g) cause a financing statement with respect to such Replacement Engine or other documents or instruments necessary to perfect the interests of Sublessor and Security Trustee therein to be filed in such place or places as Sublessor may reasonably request in order to perfect Sublessor s interest therein in the United States of 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 39 

America, or in such other jurisdiction in which the Aircraft is then registered and 
 (h) if the seller of the Replacement Engine is situated in a country that has ratified the Cape Town Convention, cause such seller to register the contract of sale to such Replacement Engine in favour of the Sublessor on the International Registry, and if the seller of the Engine is not situated in a country that has ratified the Cape Town Convention, use its best efforts to cause the seller to register the contract of sale on the International Registry. 
 15.2.3 Upon compliance by Sublessee with (or waiver by Sublessor of) the provisions of Sections 15.2.1 and 15.2.2 Sublessor shall transfer, subject to the rights of any third parties (including any insurers and reinsurers) and at the cost and expense of Sublessee, to the Sublessee or to its designee all its rights in and to the Engine being replaced. Such transfer will be on an as-is, where-is basis and without recourse or warranty except as to freedom from any Sublessor Lien express or implied, whereupon such Engine being replaced shall no longer be an Engine for the purposes of this Agreement and such Replacement Engine shall be an Engine for the purposes of this Agreement. 
 15.3 Permanent Replacement of Parts Sublessee (or Sublessor to the extent agreed in the ATSA) shall procure the replacement of any Part that is worn out, unserviceable, time expired (other than in circumstances where normal practice and the manufacturer s recommendations permit continued use following proper maintenance), lost, confiscated, stolen, destroyed, seized, damaged beyond repair or permanently rendered unfit for use with a replacement part in accordance with the AMM and in any event prior to Redelivery. In addition, in the ordinary course of maintenance, service, repair, overhaul or testing, Sublessee may remove any Part, whether or not worn out, unserviceable, time expired, lost, confiscated, stolen, destroyed, seized, damaged beyond repair or permanently rendered unfit for use provided that Sublessee shall either reinstall such Part or replace such Part pursuant to the terms of this Section 15.3 in accordance with the AMM, and in any event prior to Redelivery. Each replacement part shall comply with the following conditions 
 15.3.1 unless otherwise agreed by Sublessor, the replacement part shall be in as good an operating condition, of the same or an improved make and model and have at least the equivalent value, utility, maintenance status and modification status as the Part to be replaced assuming that such Part was in the condition required by the provisions of this Agreement immediately prior to its replacement 
 15.3.2 the replacement part shall not be a PMA Part, except to the extent that Sublessor has provided prior written consent to the installation of such PMA Part, and provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, FAA or EASA approved PMA Parts may be used (a) in the repair of cabin interiors, including cargo loading systems or (b) as expendables or consumables installed during maintenance (other than any Parts of the Engines, the APU or the Landing Gear), where such PMA Parts would not need to be recorded on the Serviceable Tag for the relevant Part following its release to service 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 40 

from such maintenance and where such use does not cause a change in the part number of the Part nor the modification level of the Part 
 15.3.3 the replacement part shall not incorporate a DER Repair, except as permitted by Section 15.1.11 or to the extent that Sublessor has provided prior written consent to the installation of such part incorporating a DER Repair 
 15.3.4 the replacement part shall, in the case of a replacement Life Limited Part, not have been involved in any incident or accident and, in all other cases, not be known by Sublessee to have been involved in any incident or accident, or in any such case be the subject of an IATA standard Incident Clearance Statement 
 15.3.5 on installation on the Aircraft, the replacement part shall become and remain the property of Head Lessor free of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and shall without further act be subject to this Agreement and may be subject to any applicable Mortgage in accordance with the terms thereof 
 15.3.6 Sublessee shall have the records as would be required by Schedule 3, including, in respect of a part that is a Life Limited Part, evidence of TSN and CSN (as applicable) and all certification documentation necessary to demonstrate back to birth traceability as required in accordance with Schedule 3 and 
 15.3.7 immediately prior to installation, the replacement part shall have a current Serviceable Tag compliant with the requirements of the Aviation Authority for installation on the Aircraft and indicating that such replacement part is either new, serviceable, repaired or overhauled. 
 15.4 Temporary Engine Removal and Interchange 
 15.4.1 Sublessee (or Sublessor to the extent agreed in the ATSA) shall 
 (a) procure that no Engine is at any time removed from the Airframe unless it is replaced promptly and otherwise in accordance with Section 15.2 by a Replacement Engine (where an Engine has suffered an Engine Total Loss) or in accordance with Section 15.6.2, Section 15.4.3 (by a temporary replacement engine) or paragraph 6.2 of Schedule 6 
 (b) procure that any Engine which is not installed on the Aircraft or on another aircraft pursuant to Section 15.6.2, is properly and safely stored and insured free from Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and 
 (c) from time to time upon Sublessor's request, procure that any person to whom possession of an Engine is given other than (i) the Engine Manufacturer in connection with maintenance it is performing on the Engine and (ii) any Person in connection with Engine pooling conducted in accordance with Section 15.6.2 hereof, acknowledges in writing either in a recognition of rights agreement or other acknowledgment or in the applicable lease or financing agreement (which by its terms expressly or effectively states for the benefit of 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 41 

Sublessor and any Security Trustee), that such person shall at all times respect the rights and interests of Sublessor as owner and lessor, the Beneficiary as beneficial owner and the Security Trustee as mortgagee of such Engine and shall not seek to exercise any rights whatsoever in relation to such Engine. 
 15.4.2 Sublessor agrees, for the benefit of any lessor, mortgagee or secured party with respect to any engine installed on the Airframe (other than an Engine or a Replacement Engine installed on the Airframe in compliance with Section 15.2) that this Agreement shall not create any interest of Sublessor, Head Lessor, Security Trustee or any Leveraging Lender in any such engine and that none of Sublessor, Head Lessor, Security Trustee or any Leveraging Lender shall acquire or claim any right, title or interest in such engine by reason solely of such installation while such engine is owned by such lessor or subject to the security interest of such mortgagee or secured party. Following a request of Sublessee, and provided that such lessor, mortgagee or secured party has provided a recognition of rights agreement in accordance with Section 15.4.1(c) and Sublessee has complied with its obligations under this Section 15.4, Sublessor will confirm and acknowledge, and will request Head Lessor, any Security Trustee and any Leveraging Lender to confirm and acknowledge, the foregoing in writing to such lessor, mortgagee or secured party. 
 15.4.3 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 15, Sublessee may install, or permit the installation of, any engine on the Aircraft by way of temporary replacement if (i) following an Engine Total Loss, or (ii), for so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at any other time 
 (a) there is not available to Sublessee at the time and in the place that the engine is required to be installed on the Aircraft, a replacement engine complying with the requirements of Section 15.2.1 
 (b) it would result in an unreasonable disruption of the operation of the Aircraft and or the business of Sublessee to ground the Aircraft until an engine complying with the requirements of Section 15.2.1 becomes available for installation on the Aircraft and 
 (c) Sublessee removes any such engine and replaces it with an Engine or a Replacement Engine as soon as practicable and in any event no later than the earlier of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the Scheduled Termination Date. 
 15.5 Temporary Parts Removal and Interchange 
 Sublessee shall 
 15.5.1 procure that no Part is at any time removed from the Aircraft unless it is promptly reinstalled or replaced by a replacement part in compliance with the provisions of Section 15.3 or in accordance with Section 15.5.4 by a temporary replacement part, provided that title to any Part removed from the Aircraft shall remain with the Head Lessor until it is replaced in accordance with the provisions of Section 15.3 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 42 

15.5.2 procure that any Part which is not installed on the Aircraft or on another aircraft pursuant to Section 15.5.3 is properly and safely stored and insured free from Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and 
 15.5.3 be permitted, for so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing to install or permit the installation of any Part on another aircraft operated by Sublessee, provided always that neither the provisions of applicable law nor the provisions of any lease or other agreement or encumbrance to which such aircraft is subject prohibit such installation or may have the effect of divesting or impairing the title, rights or interests of Head Lessor as owner and lessor, the Beneficiary as beneficial owner and any Security Trustee as mortgagee in such Part. 
 15.5.4 Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 15, Sublessee may install, or permit the installation of, any part on the Aircraft by way of temporary replacement if 
 (a) there is not available to Sublessee at the time and in the place that the engine or part is required to be installed on the Aircraft, a replacement part complying with the requirements of Section 15.3 
 (b) it would result in an unreasonable disruption of the operation of the Aircraft and or the business of Sublessee to ground the Aircraft until a part complying with the requirements of Section 15.3 becomes available for installation on the Aircraft and 
 (c) Sublessee removes any such part and replaces it with the Part replaced by it or with a replacement part complying with the requirements of Section 15.3 as soon as practicable and in any event no later than the earlier of (i) the Termination Date or (ii) the Scheduled Termination Date. 
 15.6 Pooling of Engines 
 15.6.1 Subject to Section 15.6.2, Sublessee shall not enter into or permit any pooling agreement or arrangement in respect of any Engine without the prior written consent of Sublessor. 
 15.6.2 Engines Pooling within Sublessee's Fleet Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, an Engine may be removed from the Aircraft and installed on another aircraft of similar model which is operated under the ATSA in Sublessee's fleet subject to prior written consent of Sublessor and, subject to satisfaction at all relevant times of the following criteria 
 (a) Sublessor has title or leases to such other aircraft 
 (b) RESERVED 
 (c) Sublessee shall re-install the Engine onto the Aircraft or an Other Aircraft prior to the Termination Date (the cost of which shall be as set forth in the ATSA) and 
 (d) following the occurrence of any Event of Default, unless an Engine (as defined in an Other Lease Agreement) has been 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 43 

installed on the Aircraft as a replacement for such Engine, the Sublessee shall promptly, and in any event within days, following notice by Sublessor or Servicer arrange for the re-installation of any serviceable Engine which is not installed on the Aircraft onto the Aircraft or any Other Aircraft. 
 15.7 Equipment Changes 
 15.7.1 Sublessee may, at its own expense, make or procure the making of such modifications, alterations, additions to and removals from the Aircraft after Delivery as Sublessee may desire for the proper operation or utilization of the Aircraft (each such modification, alteration, addition, or removal made after Delivery an Equipment Change provided that Sublessee shall not make any such Equipment Change without the prior written permission of Sublessor (not to be unreasonably withheld) where such Equipment Change would materially reduce or materially impair the value, utility or maintenance condition of the Aircraft, or reduce or impair the airworthiness of the Aircraft, or materially increase the cost of operating the Aircraft by a future operator after Redelivery, or invalidate any material warranty associated with or attached to the Aircraft, or invalidate the type certification of the Aircraft issued by the Aviation Authority, or any an expected cost of more than . 
 15.7.2 Sublessor's consent is not required for the incorporation of an Equipment Change that is (i) a requirement of this Agreement (including the Redelivery Conditions), (ii) required by an Airworthiness Directive issued by the Aviation Authority, (iii) required by a mandatory requirement of the Aviation Authority, (iv) a requirement for operation under FAR Part 121, or (v) a requirement for operation in commercial airspace managed by or subject to the jurisdiction of the FAA (each, a Desirable Change ). 
 15.7.3 Equipment Changes which are Minor Modifications to the Airframe shall be approved by the FAA. Equipment Changes which are Major Modifications to the Airframe shall be approved by the FAA and EASA. Equipment Changes to the Engines shall be approved by the FAA, the Engine Manufacturer and EASA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the prior written consent of Sublessor, Sublessee shall be permitted to incorporate an Equipment Change which is a Major Modification to the Airframe which is approved by the FAA only provided that not later than the earlier of the Termination Date or 12 months after incorporation of such Equipment Change, such Equipment Change is approved by EASA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that any such Major Modification or Equipment Change to an Engine is approved by the FAA but not EASA or the Engine Manufacturer, as applicable, Sublessee shall seek the approval of Sublessor before making any such Equipment Change. 
 15.7.4 Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Sublessor may require Sublessee to remove any Equipment Change from the Aircraft other than a Desirable Change and restore the Aircraft to the condition it was in immediately prior to such Equipment Change (assuming the Aircraft was then in the condition required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement) on the Termination Date. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 44 

15.8 Title to Engines and Parts 
 15.8.1 Any Engine or Part at any time removed from the Aircraft shall remain the property of Head Lessor and subject to the Mortgage until such time as a replacement shall have been effected in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and until title to such replacement has passed in accordance with applicable laws to Head Lessor and become subject to this Agreement and may be subject to any applicable Mortgage in accordance with the terms thereof, free of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens), whereupon title to the replaced Engine or Part shall pass to Sublessee. 
 15.8.2 Title to all Parts installed on the Aircraft, other than Parts installed or permitted to be installed on the Aircraft as a temporary replacement in accordance with this Agreement (whether by way of replacement or by way of an alteration, addition, change or modification to the Aircraft or otherwise) shall on installation and without any further formality vest in Head Lessor subject to this Agreement free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens) and may be subject to the Mortgage in accordance with the terms thereof. Sublessee shall, at Sublessor's expense, take all such steps and execute (or procure the execution of) all such documents as Head Lessor may require and which are necessary to ensure that title does so pass to Head Lessor under applicable law. Sublessee shall, upon Sublessor's request (on behalf of Head Lessor), provide evidence to Head Lessor's reasonable satisfaction that title has so passed to Head Lessor. 
 15.9 Inspection 
 15.9.1 Sublessor and any person designated by Sublessor may (at Sublessor's risk and Sublessor's cost, save as provided below) at any time on at least Business Days' prior notice visit, survey and inspect the Aircraft, any Engine, any Part or the Aircraft Documents wherever the Aircraft may be located. Such survey and inspection shall be on a non-interference non-destructive basis for the purpose of valuation and for inspecting its condition and to ascertain that the Aircraft is being used and is being maintained and repaired in each case in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or for the purpose of satisfying Sublessor in regard to proposed or executed repairs provided that, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Sublessor shall be permitted to undertake no more than one inspection in any month period and such inspection (i) shall be at Sublessor s cost and expense, (ii) shall not involve the opening of any panels or bays, (iii) shall not unreasonably interfere with Sublessee s business or operational commitments, (iv) shall be performed at a mutually agreed time when the Aircraft is scheduled to be out of service long enough for Sublessor s inspection to be completed and (v) shall not include more than two (2) people. During such inspections, Sublessee will provide reasonable support to Sublessor. Sublessee shall pay to Sublessor on demand all reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses incurred by Sublessor or its designee in connection with any such visit and or survey and or inspection conducted during the continuance of an Event of Default. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 45 

15.9.2 Any material non-compliance with the requirements of this Agreement identified by the inspection or survey shall be subject to good faith discussions with Sublessee for a period of up to days and rectified by Sublessee as agreed by Sublessor and Sublessee (each acting reasonably) at Sublessee's expense as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within days (or days in the case of any Engine or Engine LLP) or such longer period as may be mutually agreed following the conclusion of such good faith discussions, and Sublessor shall be entitled to re-inspect and or re-survey the Aircraft, any Engine, any Part or the Aircraft Documents to ensure that any required corrective actions have been taken by Sublessee. Following agreement by Sublessor and Sublessee on the rectification of any material non-compliance, all reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses actually incurred by Sublessor or its designee in connection with such re-inspection and or re-survey shall be borne by the parties in accordance with the terms of the ATSA. 
 15.9.3 Sublessor shall have no duty to carry out and no liability arising out of carrying out or failing to carry out any visit, survey or inspection. Sublessor and its agents or representatives shall comply with all standard policies and procedures related to safety and insurance of Sublessee in connection with any such visit, survey or inspection. Sublessor shall indemnify Sublessee in connection with any Losses incurred by Sublessee which result from a failure by Sublessor or any of its agents or representatives to comply with such policies and procedures. 
 15.10 Aircraft Documents 
 Sublessee shall 
 15.10.1 procure that accurate, complete and current records as required by the Aviation Authority and the requirements of Schedule 3 are kept of all Flight Hours, Cycles, APU Hours and APU Starts accumulated by the Aircraft, the Engines and the applicable Parts and of all maintenance, alterations and repairs carried out to or on the Aircraft (including all flights made by and of all maintenance, alterations and repairs carried out to or on the Engines and Parts while removed from the Aircraft) and ensure that such records comply with the recommendations of the Manufacturer (including under Sublessee's agreements with the Engine Manufacturer) and with the customary practices of major operators of cargo aircraft operating under FAR Part 121, including with respect to retention. Such records will form part of the Aircraft Documents 
 15.10.2 subject to Section 15.10.7 below, procure that the Aircraft Documents are retained at the Records Location 
 15.10.3 RESERVED 
 15.10.4 RESERVED 
 15.10.5 procure that back to birth traceability records in compliance with Schedule 3 are obtained and retained in respect of all Life Limited Parts installed on the Aircraft 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 46 

15.10.6 maintain all Aircraft Documents in the English language and up to date 
 15.10.7 not relinquish possession or control of the Aircraft Documents to any other person (except any Manufacturer and any Authorized Maintenance Provider to the extent of those of the Aircraft Documents it needs in the ordinary course of its business) without Sublessor's prior written consent and 
 15.10.8 at Sublessor's request, within a reasonable time provide a scanned copy to Sublessor of all records generated in respect of the Aircraft since Delivery save for scanned copies of records previously provided to Sublessor pursuant to this Section 15.10.8. 
 16 Insurances 
 16.1 Sublessee to Maintain Insurances At all times during the Sublease Period, Sublessee shall at its expense procure and maintain in full force and effect the Insurances, which shall be in accordance with customary industry practice in the international cargo aviation insurance market and on terms at least as favourable as insurances applicable to similar aircraft and engines in Sublessee s fleet on which Sublessee carries insurance and operated by Sublessee on the same or similar routes as operated by the Aircraft. The Insurances shall at all times be maintained through the London or New York insurance markets or in any other leading insurance markets. Insurers shall be of internationally recognized responsibility and rated A- or better by AM Best. 
 16.2 Insurance Requirements Sublessor's current requirements for the Insurances are as specified in this Section 16 and Schedule 5 to this Agreement. Sublessor and Sublessee may agree on other requirements for the Insurances so that (i) the scope and level of cover is maintained in line with customary practice in the international cargo aviation insurance market and (ii) the interests of Sublessor and each other Indemnitee are, and continue to be, fully protected. 
 16.3 RESERVED 
 16.4 Insurance Covenants Sublessee shall 
 16.4.1 comply with the terms and conditions of each policy of the Insurances and not do, consent or agree to any act or omission which 
 (a) invalidates or may invalidate the Insurances or 
 (b) renders or may render void or voidable the whole or any part of any of the Insurances or 
 (c) brings any particular liability within the scope of an exclusion or exception to the Insurances 
 16.4.2 not take out, without the prior written approval of Sublessor, any insurance or procure any reinsurance in respect of the Aircraft other than those required under this Agreement which may adversely affect the scope of the coverage required hereunder 
 16.4.3 with respect to each renewal of the Insurances, provide to Sublessor and Head Lessor 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 47 

(a) written confirmation (which may be by electronic mail) of completion of renewal prior to each expiry date and 
 (b) certificates of insurance (and, if applicable, certificates of reinsurance) and broker's (and any reinsurance broker's) letter of undertaking in a form acceptable to Sublessor detailing the coverage and confirming compliance with the specified insurance requirements of this Agreement promptly after each renewal date and 
 16.4.4 RESERVED 
 16.4.5 provide any other insurance related information or assistance in respect of the Insurances as Sublessor may reasonably request. 
 16.5 Failure to Comply with Insurance Provisions If at any time the Insurances required by this Agreement are no longer in full force and effect, Sublessee shall immediately ground or cause the Aircraft to be grounded until such time as the Insurances required hereby are once again in full force and effect, and each Indemnitee shall be entitled (but not bound), without prejudice to any other rights which Sublessor may have under this Agreement 
 16.5.1 to pay the premiums due or to take out and maintain insurances satisfactory to Sublessor or otherwise remedy Sublessee's failure in such manner (including to effect and maintain an owner's interest policy) as Sublessor thinks fit and 
 16.5.2 at any time while such failure is continuing, to require the Aircraft to remain at any airport or to proceed to and remain at an airport designated by Sublessor until such provisions are fully complied with to Sublessor's satisfaction. 
 Any sums expended by any Indemnitee in connection with the foregoing shall be due and payable by Sublessee within Business Days of receipt of a written invoice therefor. 
 16.6 Continuing Indemnity Sublessee shall effect and maintain insurance after the Termination Date with respect to its liability under the indemnity in Section 5.7 of this Agreement until the earlier of years after the Termination Date or commencement of the next Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check with respect to the Aircraft, which insurance shall provide for each Indemnitee to be named as an additional insured. Sublessee's obligation under this Section 16.6 to maintain insurance after the Termination Date shall not be affected by Sublessee ceasing to be the lessee of the Aircraft or any of the Indemnitees ceasing to have an interest in the Aircraft. 
 17 Total Loss, Damage and Requisition 
 17.1 Total Loss of the Aircraft 
 17.1.1 If a Total Loss of the Aircraft occurs before Delivery, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents then in effect shall immediately terminate with respect to the Aircraft and, except as expressly stated in this Agreement or such other Transaction Documents, neither party shall have any further 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 48 

obligation or liability under this Agreement other than pursuant to Section 5.7. 
 17.1.2 If a Total Loss of the Aircraft occurs after Delivery, Sublessee shall pay the Agreed Value to Sublessor (or upon its request, to Head Lessor) on or before the earlier of 
 (a) the Business Day following receipt of an amount of insurance proceeds relating to such Total Loss in an amount at least equal to the Agreed Value and 
 (b) the date falling days after the Total Loss Date 
 provided, that if a Total Loss of the Aircraft is not attributable to the acts or omissions of Sublessee, Sublessee's obligation to pay Agreed Value to Sublessor (or to Head Lessor, as applicable) shall be limited to the proceeds, if any, received by Sublessee from the insurance maintained by Sublessee in accordance with this Sublease. 
 17.1.3 Upon irrevocable payment in full to Sublessor (or upon its request, to Head Lessor) of the Agreed Value and all other sums then due and payable to Sublessor under or pursuant to this Agreement, Sublessor shall (or shall procure Head Lessor to) transfer to the Sublessee or its designee, subject to the rights of any third parties (including any insurers and reinsurers), all Sublessor's (or Head Lessor's) rights to any Engines and or Parts which were not installed on the Airframe or any Engine when the Total Loss occurred. Such transfer will be on an as is where is basis and without recourse or warranty except as to freedom from any Sublessor Lien, and Sublessor shall (or shall procure Head Lessor to) execute and deliver to Sublessee such bills of sale or other documents as Sublessee may reasonably request to evidence such transfer. Sublessee shall indemnify Sublessor (or Head Lessor) for any and all costs, expenses and Taxes incurred by Sublessor (or Head Lessor) in connection with such transfer (other than any costs, expenses or Taxes related to the removal of any Sublessor Lien). 
 17.2 Requisition During any period of requisition for use or hire of the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part where such use or hire does not constitute a Total Loss (and it being acknowledged that the use of the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part pursuant to the CRAF Program does not constitute a Total Loss) 
 17.2.1 the payments of Rental and other amounts payable under this Agreement shall not be suspended or abated either in whole or in part, and Sublessee shall not be released from any of its other obligations under this Agreement (other than operational obligations with which Sublessee is unable to comply solely by virtue of such requisition) 
 17.2.2 Sublessor shall be entitled to any compensation paid by the requisitioning authority in respect of Aircraft, any Engine or any Part during the Sublease Period 
 17.2.3 Sublessee shall, as soon as practicable after the end of any such period of requisition, cause the Aircraft to be restored to the condition required by this Agreement and 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 49 

17.2.4 Sublessor shall be entitled to all compensation payable by the requisitioning authority in respect of any change in the structure, state or condition of the Aircraft arising during the period of requisition, and Sublessor shall apply such compensation in reimbursing Sublessee for the cost of complying with its obligations under this Agreement in respect of any such change, provided that, if any Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under this Agreement, Sublessor may apply such compensation in or towards settlement of any amounts owing by Sublessee under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 18 RESERVED 
 19 Events of Default 
 19.1 Events Of Default The occurrence of any of the following events or circumstances at any time shall constitute an Event of Default and a material breach of, and repudiation of, this Agreement by Sublessee 
 19.1.1 Failure to Pay Sublessee shall fail to make any payment of Rental or Agreed Value when due hereunder, and such failure shall continue for Business Days after the relevant due date or Sublessee fails to make any other payment when due hereunder, and such failure shall continue for Business Days after Sublessee receives written notice of such failure or 
 19.1.2 Insurance Sublessee fails to comply with any provision of Section 16 or Schedule 5 to this Agreement or any Insurances required to be maintained hereunder are cancelled or terminated, unless Sublessee has, prior to such cancellation or termination taking effect, grounded the Aircraft and obtained ground risks insurance cover in respect of the Aircraft on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Sublessor or 
 19.1.3 Breach Of Agreement (i) Sublessee fails to comply with its obligations under Section 11.2.10 of this Agreement and, provided that the continuation of the leasing of the Aircraft hereunder shall not (x) cause Sublessor, Beneficiary, Servicer or any Security Trustee to be liable for criminal sanctions or fines, (y) otherwise be illegal, or (z) involve any material risk of the detention, forfeiture or loss of the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine, such failure or breach continues for a period in excess of days after written notice thereof is given by Sublessor to Sublessee, or (ii) Sublessee fails to perform or observe in any material respect any other of the covenants, conditions, or agreements to be performed or observed by it under any Transaction Document and such failure or breach continues for a period in excess of days after written notice thereof is given by Sublessor to Sublessee provided that Sublessee shall have an additional days to remedy such failure if Sublessor is reasonably satisfied that such failure or breach is capable of remedy and that Sublessee is diligently seeking to rectify such failure or 
 19.1.4 Misrepresentation any representation or warranty made by Sublessee herein or in any other Transaction Document shall prove to have been incorrect in any respect when made or deemed to be made and such incorrectness has a materially adverse effect on the rights or interests of any 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 50 

Indemnitee or the ability of Sublessee to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and the circumstances giving rise to the breach of such representation or warranty are not remedied to Sublessor's reasonable satisfaction within days after notice requiring remedy thereof has been given by Sublessor to Sublessee or 
 19.1.5 Cross Default any event of default occurs and is continuing under any Other Agreement or 
 19.1.6 Approvals any consent, licence, certificate, authorisation or approval of or registration with or declaration to any Governmental Entity which is required to be maintained or obtained by Sublessee in order to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document is not granted or is revoked, suspended, cancelled, withdrawn, terminated or not renewed, or otherwise ceases to be in full force and effect or is modified in a manner that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Sublessee's ability to perform its material obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and is not, as applicable, restored, replaced, returned, re-granted or renewed within Business Days or such lesser time period prescribed by the applicable Government Entity or 
 19.1.7 Insolvency 
 (a) Sublessee shall commence any case, proceeding or other action 
 (i) under any existing or future Law relating to bankruptcy, liquidation, moratorium, insolvency, examinership, administration, reorganization or other relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or 
 (ii) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, liquidator, custodian, ad-hoc proxy, judicial moratorium administrator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets or 
 (b) Sublessee shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors or 
 (c) there shall be commenced against Sublessee any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (a) above which 
 (i) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment, or 
 (ii) remains undismissed, undischarged or unvacated for a period of days or 
 (d) there shall be commenced against Sublessee any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of an order, judgment, warrant or 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 51 

decree of appointment or sequestration, attachment or garnishment, confiscation, including special confiscation, expropriation, nationalization, requisition, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of an order for any such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged or stayed within days from the entry thereof 
 (e) Sublessee shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (a), (b), or (c) above 
 (f) Sublessee admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due or 
 19.1.8 Rights and Remedies this Agreement shall cease to be a valid and enforceable agreement and in full force and effect for any reason due to any action or inaction of Sublessee otherwise repudiates the same or 
 19.1.9 Suspension Sublessee suspends substantially all of its operations other than in connection with a corporate transaction permitted pursuant to the Transaction Documents or 
 19.1.10 Delivery Subject to the satisfaction of the Conditions Precedent, Sublessee fails to comply with its obligations under Section 5 to accept delivery of the Aircraft when tendered in accordance with the requirements of the Transaction Documents, subject to any applicable grace periods which may be agreed in connection with any delivery delay or 
 19.1.11 Redelivery Sublessee fails to redeliver the Aircraft in accordance with Section 20 on the last day of the Sublease Period or 
 19.1.12 Transfer Sublessee makes or permits any Lien over, assignment, encumbrance or transfer of, any Transaction Document or any interest in any Transaction Document or of the right to possession of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine and or any part of any thereof, except for Permitted Liens or as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement, and the circumstances giving rise to such breach are not remedied to Sublessor's satisfaction within days of occurrence, provided Sublessee continues to perform all of its obligations under the Transaction Documents during such period. 
 19.2 Remedies On the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter while an Event of Default is continuing (except that an Event of Default shall be incapable of being remedied once Sublessor has terminated the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement), Sublessor may, at its option, without notice to Sublessee to the extent permitted by applicable law and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies which Sublessor may have in consequence thereof, in each case subject to compliance with applicable law (including the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York) and further provided that during any period the Aircraft is subject to the CRAF Program and is in possession of or being operated under the direction of the government of the United States of America, Sublessor shall not, on account of any Event of Default, be entitled to exercise or pursue any of 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 52 

the powers, rights or remedies described in Section 19.2 in such manner as to limit Sublessee s control under this Agreement of the Aircraft, unless at least days (or such other period as may then be applicable under the CRAF Program of the government of the United States of America) prior written notice of default hereunder has been given by Sublessor by registered or certified mail to Sublessee with a copy addressed to the Contracting Office Representative or other appropriate person for the Air Mobility Command of the United States Air Force under any contract with Sublessee relating to the Aircraft 
 19.2.1 by notice to Sublessee and with immediate effect terminate Sublessee's right to lease the Aircraft (but without prejudice to the continuing obligations of Sublessee that survive this Agreement), whereupon all Sublessee's rights under this Agreement shall cease and or 
 19.2.2 proceed by appropriate court action or actions to enforce performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and or to recover damages sustained by Sublessor because of Sublessee's breach of the applicable Transaction Documents and or 
 19.2.3 either 
 (a) to the extent permitted by applicable law, take possession of the Aircraft, for which purpose Sublessor may enter any premises belonging to, or in the occupation of, or under the control of, Sublessee where the Aircraft may be located, or cause the Aircraft to be redelivered to Sublessor at the Redelivery Location (or such other location as Sublessor may require) or 
 (b) by serving notice require Sublessee to redeliver the Aircraft to Sublessor at the Redelivery Location (or such other location as Sublessor may require) and at the time designated therein. 
 19.3 Sale or Re-lease On the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter while an Event of Default is continuing (except that an Event of Default shall be incapable of being remedied once Sublessor has terminated the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement), Sublessor may sell or re-lease or otherwise deal with the Aircraft at such time and in such manner and on such terms as Sublessor, in its absolute discretion, considers appropriate, free and clear of any interest of Sublessee, as if this Agreement had never been entered into, in each case subject to compliance with applicable law. 
 19.4 Deregistration On the occurrence of an Event of Default and at any time thereafter while an Event of Default is continuing (except that an Event of Default shall be incapable of being remedied once Sublessor has terminated the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement) and subject to compliance with applicable law, Sublessor shall be entitled to take all steps necessary to effect (if applicable) deregistration of the Aircraft and the export of the Aircraft from the country where the Aircraft is at such time situated, together with any other steps necessary to enable the Aircraft to be redelivered to Sublessor in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Sublessee hereby irrevocably by way of security for its obligations under this Agreement appoints Sublessor as attorney for Sublessee to execute and deliver any documentation and to do any act or thing required in connection with the foregoing. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 53 

19.5 Default Indemnity If an Event of Default occurs, subject to the terms of the ATSA, Sublessee shall indemnify Sublessor and each other Indemnitee on demand against any Loss which such Indemnitee may sustain or incur directly or indirectly as a result thereof, including 
 19.5.1 any Loss (including loss of profit) suffered by such Indemnitee because of Sublessor's inability to place the Aircraft on lease with another lessee on terms as favourable to Sublessor as those contained in this Agreement or any Loss suffered in delay in such placement, or because the use, if any, to which Sublessor is able to put the Aircraft on its return to Sublessor, or the funds arising on a sale or other disposal of the Aircraft, is not as profitable to Sublessor as performance of this Agreement 
 19.5.2 interest at the Default Rate on any Overdue Sums until the same are paid in full and 
 19.5.3 any Loss sustained or incurred by Sublessor in or as a result of exercising any of its rights and or remedies pursuant to Section 19.2 or as a result of Sublessee's failure to redeliver the Aircraft on the date, at the location and in the condition required by this Agreement. 
 In calculating Sublessor s damages hereunder, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, all Rental and other amounts which would have been due hereunder during the period commencing on the Delivery Date and ending on the Scheduled Termination Date if an Event of Default had not occurred, together with amounts, if any, scheduled to be paid by a new lessee after any re-lease of the Aircraft, will be calculated on a present value basis using a discount rate of percent per annum, discounted to the Scheduled Termination Date. 
 19.6 Attorney Sublessee hereby designates and appoints Sublessor and its designees, assignees or agents as its attorney-in-fact, irrevocably and with power of substitution, with authority to take any and all action in the name of Sublessee under this Agreement if an Event of Default has occurred and at any time thereafter while an Event of Default is continuing (except that an Event of Default shall be incapable of being remedied without Sublessor's written consent once Sublessor has terminated the leasing of the Aircraft pursuant to this Agreement) and to do all other acts and things necessary and advisable in the sole discretion of Sublessor to carry out and enforce the Transaction Documents in accordance with applicable law. This power of attorney (being coupled with an interest) is irrevocable while any obligations of Sublessee are owed under any of the Transaction Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other right of Sublessor under this Agreement, during the continuance of an Event of Default, Sublessor shall have the sole right and power to 
 19.6.1 settle, compromise, compound, adjust or defend any actions, suits or proceedings relating to or pertaining to the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine, any Part or this Agreement and 
 19.6.2 make proof of loss, appear in and prosecute any action arising from or in respect of the Insurances and settle, adjust or compromise any claims for loss, damage or destruction under, or take any other action in respect of any such Insurances. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 54 

20 Redelivery of the Aircraft 
 20.1 Agreement to Redeliver On the Termination Date, Sublessee shall (unless a Total Loss of the Aircraft has occurred), at Sublessor's expense (except for expenses that are allocated to Sublessee pursuant to the ATSA), redeliver the Aircraft and the Aircraft Documents to Sublessor at the Redelivery Location in accordance with the procedures and in compliance with the conditions set out in Schedule 6. Promptly on Sublessor's request, and without prejudice to any obligations of Sublessee under this Agreement that are expressed to survive redelivery of the Aircraft to Sublessor, Sublessee shall execute and deliver a document in form suitable for filing at the Aviation Authority releasing the Aircraft from this Agreement. 
 20.2 Condition on Redelivery At the time of Redelivery 
 20.2.1 the Aircraft shall, at Sublessor's expense to the extent set forth in Section 20.1 above, be in compliance with this Agreement and the Redelivery Conditions, subject to (i) any Minor Discrepancies, and (ii) any waivers described in Section 5.6.2 or in Section 1 of Schedule 2 
 20.2.2 the Aircraft shall be free and clear of all Liens (except for the respective rights of Owner Trustee, Beneficiary and Sublessor as provided in the Transaction Documents, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement and the Trust Agreement, Sublessor Liens and any Liens falling under paragraphs (h) and (i) of the definition of Permitted Liens 
 20.2.3 Sublessee shall cooperate with Sublessor's efforts with respect to the clearance of the Aircraft through customs from the jurisdiction in which the State of Registration is located and 
 20.2.4 Sublessee shall cooperate with Sublessor's efforts with respect to the accomplishment of such customs formalities as are necessary in the jurisdiction where the Redelivery Location is located such that Sublessor shall not incur any delay in exporting the Aircraft from the Redelivery Location. 
 20.3 Rectification on Non-Compliance If, at the time of Final Redelivery Inspection, the Aircraft does not fully comply with the Redelivery Conditions or Sublessee (for any reason not due to the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of Sublessor or any failure by Sublessor to perform any of its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents) fails to make the Aircraft available to Sublessor on a timely basis for inspection and redelivery pursuant to Section 20.1 and Schedule 6, the Sublease Period shall be extended until such time as the Aircraft has been redelivered to Sublessor in full compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and during such extension period and until the Aircraft has been tendered for redelivery to Sublessor in full compliance with the provisions of this Agreement 
 20.3.1 At Sublessor's expense to the extent set forth in Section 20.1 above, Sublessee shall work diligently to rectify such non-compliance (and shall not use the Aircraft in flight operations other than for the purpose of any demonstration flight or ferry flight necessary for confirming compliance with the Redelivery Conditions) 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 55 

20.3.2 all Sublessee's obligations under this Agreement and all terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect 
 20.3.3 Sublessee shall pay Base Rental to Sublessor at the rate per month (calculated on a daily basis) equal to (i) the monthly Base Rental payments set out in Section 7.2 for the first days of the extension period, or (ii) if the non-compliance arises directly as a result of an Event of Force Majeure (except where caused by any act or omission of Sublessee), the monthly Base Rental payments set out in Section 7.2 for the first days of the extension period, provided in each case that Sublessee is working diligently to rectify the non-compliance during such or day period (as applicable) and 
 20.3.4 from the end of any such or day period (as applicable) as is referred to in Section 20.3.3, Sublessee shall pay Base Rental to Sublessor at the rate per month equal to the monthly Base Rental payments in Section 7.2 plus . 
 Any such extension period shall not prejudice Sublessor's right to treat such non-compliance or failure as an Event of Default if at the end of such extension period the Aircraft is not in compliance with the requirements hereof, and in such event Sublessor shall be entitled to enforce any and all rights and remedies available to Sublessor in respect thereof under, or pursuant to, this Agreement or applicable law. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Sublessee's obligations to pay Base Rental under Sections 20.3.3 and 20.3.4 shall be without prejudice to Sublessor's rights to terminate the leasing of the Aircraft hereunder and to indemnification pursuant to Section 19.5. 
 20.4 Sublessor Option Sublessor may elect at any time to accept redelivery of the Aircraft notwithstanding Sublessee's non-compliance with this Section 20 and or Schedule 6, in which event Sublessee shall indemnify Sublessor for its properly incurred costs to put the Aircraft into the condition required by this Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the ATSA. 
 20.5 Deregistration On Redelivery, Sublessee shall, upon Sublessor's request, provide Sublessor with all reasonably requested assistance and cooperation (including any documents required) in relation to the deregistration of the Aircraft from the register of aircraft maintained by the Aviation Authority. 
 20.6 Redelivery Acknowledgment Provided that Sublessee has complied with its obligations under this Agreement, following Redelivery of the Aircraft to Sublessor at the Redelivery Location, Sublessor shall deliver to Sublessee an acknowledgment substantially in the form of Appendix C confirming that Sublessee has redelivered the Aircraft to Sublessor. 
 20.7 RESERVED 
 20.8 Further Provisions If Sublessor notifies Sublessee in writing no later than days prior to the Termination Date that it wishes (at its cost) to incorporate additional works into the Final Redelivery Check, Sublessee shall, in good faith and at Sublessor's sole cost and expense (except as provided in the ATSA), use its commercially reasonable efforts to incorporate such additional works into the Final Redelivery Check and shall consult with Sublessor in relation to such additional 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 56 

works, provided that if the Final Redelivery Check downtime period will increase as a result of incorporating such additional works, Sublessee shall not be obliged to pay Base Rental during any such additional period of downtime to the extent directly attributable to the incorporation of such additional works. 
 21 Acknowledgments and Disclaimers 
 21.1 SUBLESSEE EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT, BEFORE THE AIRCRAFT IS TENDERED FOR DELIVERY TO SUBLESSEE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE AIRCRAFT, ENGINES, PARTS AND AIRCRAFT DOCUMENTS WILL HAVE BEEN FULLY INSPECTED BY SUBLESSEE AND OR ITS AGENTS AND BEEN FOUND TO BE SATISFACTORY TO SUBLESSEE IN ALL RESPECTS AND SATISFY THE DELIVERY CONDITIONS (SAVE FOR ANY MINOR DISCREPANCIES) AND THAT THE CONDITION OF THE AIRCRAFT, ENGINES, PARTS AND AIRCRAFT DOCUMENTS FROM DELIVERY SHALL BE THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF SUBLESSEE AND DELIVERY BY SUBLESSEE TO SUBLESSOR OF THE ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE PROOF THEREOF. 
 21.2 SUBLESSEE FURTHER EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE AIRCRAFT SHALL BE LEASED AND DELIVERED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN AN AS IS WHERE IS CONDITION 
 SUBJECT IN EACH CASE TO THE PROVISO FOLLOWING SECTION 21.2.5, 
 21.2.1 SUBLESSOR SHALL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY IN RELATION TO, AND SUBLESSOR HAS NOT, AND SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE, MADE OR GIVEN (WHETHER BY VIRTUE OF HAVING DONE OR FAILED TO DO ANY ACT, OR HAVING ACQUIRED OR FAILED TO ACQUIRE ANY STATUS UNDER OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE), ANY CONDITION, WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT, ANY ENGINE OR ANY PART, INCLUDING ANY CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES AS TO ITS DESCRIPTION, AIRWORTHINESS, SERVICEABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, SUITABILITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR USE, VALUE, CONDITION, DESIGN, FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT OF PATENT OR OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS, COMPLIANCE WITH SPECIFICATIONS, DURABILITY, SUITABILITY, PERFORMANCE OR OPERATION OR CONDITIONS, OR AS TO THE QUALITY OF MATERIALS OR WORKMANSHIP, THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS (WHETHER DISCOVERABLE OR NOT) OR AS TO ANY OTHER MATTER WHATSOEVER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES ARISING OUT OF CUSTOMARY TRADE USAGE OR PRIOR COURSE OF DEALING AND 
 21.2.2 SUBLESSOR SHALL NOT HAVE ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY WHATSOEVER TO SUBLESSEE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, AND WHETHER ARISING BY 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 57 

REFERENCE TO NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY OF SUBLESSOR OR OTHERWISE, FOR 
 (a) ANY LIABILITY, LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED OR ALLEGED TO BE CAUSED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BY THE AIRCRAFT OR ANY ENGINE OR ANY PART OR BY ANY INADEQUACY THEREOF OR DEFICIENCY OR DEFECT THEREIN OR BY ANY OTHER CIRCUMSTANCE IN CONNECTION THEREWITH 
 (b) THE USE, OPERATION OR PERFORMANCE OF THE AIRCRAFT OR ANY RISKS RELATING THERETO 
 (c) ANY INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE WHATSOEVER AND HOWSOEVER CAUSED OR 
 (d) THE DELIVERY, OPERATION, SERVICING, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, IMPROVEMENT OR REPLACEMENT OF THE AIRCRAFT, ANY ENGINE OR ANY PART AND 
 21.2.3 SUBLESSEE HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES AS BETWEEN ITSELF AND SUBLESSOR THE BENEFIT OF ANY CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED) ON THE PART OF SUBLESSOR AND ANY CLAIMS OR ACTIONS IT MIGHT HAVE AGAINST SUBLESSOR HOWSOEVER AND WHENEVER ARISING AT ANY TIME IN RESPECT OF OR OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY OF THE MATTERS REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION 21 AND 
 21.2.4 EACH OF SUBLESSOR AND SUBLESSEE AGREE THAT NONE OF SUBLESSEE, SUBLESSOR NOR ANY INDEMNITEE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER, AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS AND WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT IT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO RECOVER FOR INTERRUPTION OF SERVICE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 2A-250 OF THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT IN THE STATE OF NEW YORK OR AS OTHERWISE DEFINED) OR ANY SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES AS A RESULT OF ANY BREACH OR ALLEGED BREACH BY ANY PERSON (INCLUDING ANY INDEMNITEE) OF ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT AND 
 21.2.5 SUBLESSEE AND SUBLESSOR ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THIS SECTION 21 HAS BEEN THE SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION AND NEGOTIATION AND IS FULLY UNDERSTOOD BY THE PARTIES AND THAT THE BASE RENTAL PAYMENTS AND THE OTHER 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 58 

PAYMENTS AND MUTUAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES HEREIN WERE ARRIVED AT HAVING TAKEN INTO CONSIDERATION THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 21 SPECIFICALLY, INCLUDING THE ACKNOWLEDGMENTS, AGREEMENTS AND WAIVERS BY SUBLESSEE AND SUBLESSOR SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 21 
 PROVIDED THAT, OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 21.2.4, NOTHING SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 21 SHALL DEROGATE FROM THE REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS MADE BY SUBLESSEE, SUBLESSOR OR ANY INDEMNITEE PURSUANT TO ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT OR ANY UNDERTAKINGS OF SUBLESSEE OR SUBLESSOR IN THE ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE. 
 22 Assignment and Transfer 
 22.1 NO ASSIGNMENT BY SUBLESSEE. EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, SUBLESSEE WILL NOT ASSIGN, DELEGATE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER (VOLUNTARILY, INVOLUNTARILY, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE) ANY OF ITS RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS SUBLEASE OR CREATE OR PERMIT TO EXIST ANY SECURITY INTEREST OTHER THAN ANY PERMITTED LIEN OVER ANY OF ITS RIGHTS UNDER THIS SUBLEASE, AND ANY ATTEMPT TO DO SO SHALL BE NULL AND VOID. 
 22.2 Assignment by Sublessor 
 22.2.1 Sublessor may, at its own expense and without the prior consent of Sublessee, assign or transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Sublease to (a) any Affiliate of Sublessor at any time or (b) any Person who is not an Affiliate of Sublessor to whom the ATSA is assigned in connection with any merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of its assets or any similar transaction upon providing prior written notice of such assignment to Sublessee, provided that such assignment or transfer does not increase Sublessee s costs or obligations, it being understood and agreed that any assignment or transfer by Sublessor to any of its Affiliates will not be deemed to increase Sublessee s costs or obligations. Upon (a) any such assignment becoming effective and (b) the assignee assuming all of Sublessor s obligations under this Sublease, Sublessor will be released of any further obligations under this Sublease. 
 22.2.2 After written notice from Sublessor of any assignment or transfer of all or any of Sublessor s rights and obligations under this Sublease, and at Sublessor s expense, Sublessee will, as soon as practicable, execute any agreements or other instruments that may be reasonably requested by Sublessor in order to allow, give effect to, or perfect any assignment or transfer of Sublessor s rights and obligations under this Sublease. 
 23 Illegality 
 23.1 Subject to Section 28.3, if (i) it is or becomes unlawful in any jurisdiction for Sublessor to give effect to any of its obligations under this Agreement, or continue to perform or (ii) it is or becomes unlawful in any jurisdiction for Sublessee to perform 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 59 

any of its obligations under this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents, any such obligations cease to be in whole or in part legal, valid and enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof or any Transaction Document ceases to be in full force and effect , Sublessor or Sublessee may, by written notice to the other, terminate the leasing of the Aircraft hereunder and Sublessee shall forthwith redeliver the Aircraft to Sublessor in accordance with Section 20. Such termination shall take effect on the latest date on which Sublessor or Sublessee is permitted to continue such leasing and such obligations without being in breach of applicable law or, as the case may be, the date on which Sublessee's obligations under the relevant Transaction Document ceases to be in full force and effect. Without prejudice to the foregoing, Sublessor and Sublessee will consult in good faith up to the date on which such termination takes effect as to any steps which may be taken to restructure the transaction to avoid such unlawfulness or unenforceability, but shall be under no obligation to take any such steps. The costs of any such restructuring shall be shared equally by Sublessor and Sublessee. 
 24 RESERVED 
 25 Further Assurance 
 Each party hereto agrees from time to time to do and perform such other and further acts and execute and deliver any and all such other instruments as may be required by law or reasonably requested by the other party to establish, maintain and protect the rights and remedies of each party and to carry out and effect the intent and purpose of this Agreement. 
 26 RESERVED 
 27 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 27.1 Time of the Essence The time stipulated in this Agreement for payments by either party and performance by the parties of their respective obligations under this Agreement shall, subject only in the case of Sublessee's obligations, to any periods of grace specified in this Agreement to apply before non-performance becomes an Event of Default, be of the essence of this Agreement. 
 27.2 No Waiver The rights, powers and remedies of the parties provided for in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents are cumulative and not (nor to be construed so as to be) exclusive of any rights, powers or remedies provided by law. No failure by either of the parties to exercise nor any delay on the part of either of the parties in exercising any right, power or remedy provided for in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or by law shall be or be construed to be a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any further or other exercise of the same right, power or remedy or any exercise of any other such right, power or remedy. 
 27.3 Survival The obligations (including without limitation all indemnities) of Sublessee and Sublessor which arise or are attributable to circumstances occurring during the Sublease Period shall survive and remain in full force and effect, notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Agreement and or the leasing of the Aircraft hereunder for any reason whatsoever. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 60 

27.4 Sublessor's Right to Remedy If Sublessee fails at any time to comply with any provision of this Agreement, Sublessor may (but without being obliged to do so or responsible for so doing and without prejudice to the ability of Sublessor to treat such non-compliance as a Default or an Event of Default) itself comply or perform or procure compliance and performance with such provision either in the name of Sublessor or in the name and on behalf of Sublessee whereupon, except to the extent that Sublessee is contesting in good faith such compliance or performance or the costs and expenses related to such compliance and performance, and subject to the provisions of the ATSA, Sublessee shall pay and indemnify Sublessor within Business Days of Sublessor's reasonably detailed invoice for all amounts, costs and expenses expended by Sublessor in connection therewith. For the purposes of this Section 27.4, Sublessee hereby irrevocably appoints Sublessor as Sublessee's agent, said agency being coupled with an interest, to take such action and incur such expenses as are permitted herein. 
 27.5 Leveraging Parties Sublessee understands and acknowledges that (a) the Sublessor is party to the Head Lease whereby it leases the Aircraft from the Head Lessor (b) the Aircraft may be subject to one or more security interests from time to time as the result of Head Lessor or an Affiliate of Head Lessor borrowing funds from one or more persons, and (c) as a result, Head Lessor may be required to collaterally assign part or all of its interest in the Aircraft and in and under this Agreement to secure the performance of its repayment and other obligations (any such assignment, a Leveraging Transaction owing to Security Trustee (any other Person that is to benefit from such security interest in favour of the Security Trustee, whether a lender, noteholder, swap provider or agent or trustee acting on behalf of lenders, noteholders or swap providers, a Leveraging Lender ). Sublessee agrees that, upon the written direction of Sublessor and provided that reasonable notice has been provided, it will consent to any such collateral assignment of Head Lessor s or Sublessor s rights under this Agreement if such collateral assignment is in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessee acting reasonably, except that Sublessor will (or will procure Head Lessor to) reimburse Sublessee for any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses associated with complying with this Section 27.5 (including Sublessee s attorney s fees) and such collateral assignment (including such consent) will not increase Sublessee s obligations or risks or reduce Sublessee s rights under this Agreement or under the ATSA and will include a quiet enjoyment undertaking on terms consistent with the terms of Section 11 of this Agreement from any Security Trustee and Leveraging Lender. Head Lessor, Owner, any Security Trustee and any Leveraging Lenders shall be third party beneficiaries of the terms of this Agreement. 
 28 Miscellaneous 
 28.1 Entire Agreement This Agreement including its Schedules and Appendices hereto and the other Transaction Documents, constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Parties regarding the transaction described herein, and it supersedes and replaces all previous agreements, understandings, commitments or representations, whether oral or written. 
 28.2 Variation of Terms This Agreement may not be modified or amended in any way except by a subsequent written amendment executed by authorized representatives of both parties. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 61 

28.3 Severability of Provisions Any applicable binding provision of this Agreement or any Transaction Document, which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provisions in any other jurisdiction. 
 28.4 English Language All notices and documents to be given under this Agreement must be in English. If they are not in English, they must be given with a certified English translation. If there is any difference between the English version of this Agreement and any version in any other language, the English version will prevail. 
 28.5 Counterparts This Agreement may be executed by the Parties in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be an original of this Agreement, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same Agreement. Any executed version delivered via electronic mail PDF format) or electronic signature (through an e-signing platform) shall be binding to the same extent as an original. Any Party who delivers such an executed version agrees to subsequently deliver an original counterpart to any Party that requests it. 
 28.6 Notices. Unless otherwise expressly specified or permitted by the terms hereof, all notices, requests, demands, authorizations, directions, consents or waivers required or permitted under the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be in English and in writing, and given by United States of America registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, overnight courier service or e-mail, and any such notice shall be effective when received (or, if delivered by e-mail, upon completion of transmission and confirmation by the sender (by a telephone call to a representative of the recipient or by machine confirmation) that such transmission was received) and addressed as follows 
 if to Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 410 Terry Avenue 
 North Seattle, WA 98109-5210 
 Attention Vice President, Global Air 
 With a copy to 
 (same address) 
 Email contracts-legal amazon.com 
 
 if to Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 3375 Koapaka St., Suite G350 
 Honolulu, Hawaii 96819 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 
 Phone (808) 835-3700 
 With a copy to 
 (same address) 
 Attention Chief Legal Officer 
 Facsimile (808) 840-8369 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 62 

Any party, by notice to the other parties hereto, may designate different addresses for subsequent notices or communications. Whenever the words notice or notify or similar words are used herein, they mean the provision of formal notice as set forth in this Section 28.6. 
 29 Servicer 
 Sublessee acknowledges that the Head Lessor has appointed as servicer (the Servicer to act as lease manager and servicer in respect of the Aircraft and this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, Sublessor confirms that the Servicer shall not at any time have or incur obligations or liabilities to Sublessee under or in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or otherwise in relation to the Aircraft. Sublessee shall not be liable for any fees, costs or expenses of Servicer, and the obligations and risks of Sublessee shall not be increased, and the rights of Sublessee shall not be decreased, by virtue of Servicer's involvement in the Aircraft or this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
 30 Governing Law 
 30.1 Governing Law Any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement or any Transaction Documents, and the relationship of the Parties, shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 31 Jurisdiction 
 31.1 Submission To Jurisdiction Each of Sublessor and Sublessee irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that it will not commence any action, litigation or proceeding of any kind whatsoever against any other party in any way arising from or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction Document and all contemplated transactions, in any forum other than the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the courts of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan. Each of Sublessor and Sublessee irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and agrees to bring any such action, litigation or proceeding only in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the courts of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any such action, litigation or proceeding is conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. 
 31.2 Each OF SUBLESSOR AND SUBLESSEE irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal action, proceeding, cause of action or counterclaim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any TRANSACTION Documents, including any 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 63 

appendices attached to this Agreement or any TRANSACTION Document, or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 31.3 Waiver of Objection Each of Sublessor and Sublessee irrevocably 
 31.3.1 waives any objection which it may have now or hereafter to the above nominated courts on grounds of inconvenient or inappropriate forum or otherwise as regards proceedings on connection with this Agreement and 
 31.3.2 waives any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement brought in the above nominated courts. 
 31.4 Manner of Service Without prejudice to any other mode of service, each of Sublessee and Sublessor consents to service of process by facsimile or prepaid mailing by air mail, certified or registered mail of a copy of the process to the other at the facsimile number or address, as applicable, set forth in this Agreement or as otherwise notified to the other pursuant to this Agreement. 
 31.5 Submission Non-Exclusive Notwithstanding the above, any party to this Agreement may at any time seek interim relief or provisional remedies, or similar relief, from any court of competent jurisdiction in connection with the exercise of remedies while the Aircraft is not located in the United States of America and an Event of Default or material breach by either party hereto is continuing. 
 31.6 Waiver of Immunity To the extent that any party hereto or any of its properties has or may hereafter acquire any right of immunity, whether characterized as sovereign immunity or otherwise, and whether under the United States Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976 (or any successor legislation) or otherwise, from any legal proceedings, whether in the United States of America or elsewhere, to enforce or collect upon any Transaction Documents to which it is a party, including, without limitation, immunity from suit or service of process, immunity from jurisdiction or judgment of any court or tribunal or execution of a judgment, or immunity of any of its property from attachment prior to any entry of judgment, or from attachment in aid of execution upon a judgment, such party hereby irrevocably and expressly waives any such immunity, and agrees not to assert any such right or claim in any such proceeding, whether in the United States of America or elsewhere. 
 32 Brokers 
 32.1 No Broker Each of the parties hereby represents and warrants to the other that it has not paid, agreed to pay or caused to be paid directly or indirectly in any form, any inducement, commission, percentage, contingent fee, brokerage or other similar payments of any kind, whether lawful or unlawful, in connection with the establishment or operation of this Agreement to any person (other than fees payable to legal advisers and, in the case of Sublessor only, to the Servicer). 
 32.2 Indemnity Each party agrees to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any and all claims, suits, damages, costs and expenses asserted by any agent, broker or other third party for any commission or compensation of any nature whatsoever based upon this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or the Aircraft, if such claim, suit, damage, cost or expense arises out of any breach by the 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 64 

indemnifying party, its employees or agents of Section 32.1. Each party further agrees to indemnify and hold the other harmless from and against any and all civil and (to the extent legally permitted) criminal Losses which the other party may suffer or incur as a consequence of any action taken by such indemnifying party, or for which such indemnifying party is otherwise, directly or indirectly, responsible which makes any representation of such indemnifying party in Section 32.1 less than entirely accurate in every respect. 
 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 65 

Signature Page to Aircraft Sublease Agreement between Amazon.com Services LLC as Sublessor and Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. as Sublessee relating to one Airbus A330-300 aircraft manufacturer's serial number __ 
 
 In witness whereof this Agreement has been signed by Sublessor and Sublessee on the date first above written. 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Name 
 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 66 

SUBLESSOR HAS ASSIGNED THIS AGREEMENT TO THE SECURITY TRUSTEE AS SECURITY. TO THE EXTENT, IF ANY, THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES CHATTEL PAPER (AS SUCH TERM IS DEFINED IN THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AS IN EFFECT IN ANY APPLICABLE JURISDICTION), NO SECURITY INTEREST IN THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE CREATED THROUGH THE TRANSFER OR POSSESSION OF ANY COUNTERPART HEREOF OTHER THAN THE ORIGINAL COUNTERPART CONTAINING THE RECEIPT THEREFOR EXECUTED BY THE SECURITY TRUSTEE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THIS LEGEND. 
 Receipt of this original counterpart of the foregoing Aircraft Sublease Agreement is hereby acknowledged on this _____ day of _______________, 202__. 
 
 __________________, 
 as Security Trustee 
 
 By ...................................... 
 Name ................................. 
 Title ................................... 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 67 

Schedule 1 Description of the Aircraft 
 Airframe 
 Manufacturer Airbus S.A.S. 
 Model A330-300 
 Manufacturer's Serial No __ 

Engines 
 Manufacturer Rolls-Royce plc 
 Model Trent 772B-60 
 Base Thrust Rating 71,100 lbs 
 Engine Serial Nos 
 #1 __ 
 #2 __ 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 68 

Schedule 2 Delivery Conditions Procedures and Condition of the Aircraft at Delivery Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 69 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 70 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 71 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 72 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 73 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 74 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 75 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 76 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 77 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 78 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 79 

Schedule 3 Aircraft Documents and Standards 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 
 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 80 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 81 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 82 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 83 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 84 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 85 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 86 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 87 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 88 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 89 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 90 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 91 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 92 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 93 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 94 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 95 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 96 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 97 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 98 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 99 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 100 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 101 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 102 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 103 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 104 

Schedule 4 Certain Economic Terms 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 
 1 Confidentiality Sublessor and Sublessee acknowledge and agree that the commercial and financial information contained in this Schedule 4 is considered by Sublessor and Sublessee to be proprietary and confidential. . 
 2 Base Rental . 
 3 Agreed Value . 
 4 Damage Notification Threshold . 
 5 Payment Account . . 
 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 105 

Schedule 5 Insurance Requirements 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 106 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 107 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 108 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 109 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 110 

Schedule 6 Redelivery Conditions Procedures and Condition of the Aircraft at Redelivery 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 111 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 112 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 113 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 114 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 115 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 116 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 117 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 118 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 119 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 120 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 121 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 122 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 123 

Schedule 7 Specification 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 
 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 124 

Schedule 8 Other Aircraft 
 Intentionally Omitted from FAA Filed Version 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 125 

Schedule 9 Conditions Precedent 
 Part A Sublessor Conditions Precedent 
 1 Signing Conditions Precedent Sublessor shall receive from Sublessee, on the date of this Agreement, each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessor 
 1.1 Documents the Sublease and other Transaction Documents shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective party or parties thereto (other than Sublessor), shall be in full force and effect, and executed counterparts shall have been delivered to Sublessor and 
 1.2 IRS Forms a duly completed and signed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 as may be necessary to demonstrate that no deduction or withholding on account of United States of America taxes is required in connection with any amounts payable to the Sublessee pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 2 Delivery Date Conditions Precedent Sublessor shall receive (except with respect to Sections 2.7.1, 2.7.3(b) and 2.9 below) from Sublessee, not later than the Delivery Date, each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessor 
 2.1 Insurances a letter of undertaking from the insurance broker and certificates of insurance in the form required by this Agreement 
 2.2 Documents each other Transaction Document (not already dealt with in this Schedule 9) shall have been executed by the relevant parties thereto and a signed version of each Transaction Document shall have been provided to Sublessor 1 
 2.3 TUE evidence that Sublessee is a transacting user entity for the purposes of the Cape Town Treaty and 
 2.4 Sublessee Documents 
 2.4.1 a copy of Sublessee's air carrier operating certificate 
 2.4.2 evidence of due authorisation and execution of this Agreement by Sublessee, reasonably satisfactory to Sublessor, which may be a certificate of the secretary, director or other officer of the Sublessee, certifying (A) that attached thereto is a true, complete and up to date copy of the constitutional documents of the Sublessee as amended (if available), (B) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each officer or attorney of the Sublessee executing this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents to which it is party on the Delivery Date and (C) evidence authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents to which it is party on the Delivery Date and 
 
 1 NTD To add Airframe and Engine Warranty Assignment documents to the extent necessary available. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 126 

2.4.3 a consent and agreement of the Sublessee in respect of a Sublease Assignment in respect of this Agreement (the Sublessee Consent ), duly executed and delivered on behalf of Sublessor and Sublessee and, if applicable, meeting the requirements of Section 27.5 hereof, and each of such Sublessee Consent and Sublease Assignment otherwise in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Head Lessor, Sublessor, Sublessee and any Security Trustee 
 2.5 Payments if relevant, the first payment of Base Rental and any other sum due and payable under this Agreement on or before the Delivery Date 
 2.6 Acceptance Certificate the duly dated and fully completed Acceptance Certificate executed by Sublessee 
 2.7 Filings reasonably satisfactory evidence that the following have been done or are being done contemporaneously with the closing 
 2.7.1 the application for registration in the name of the Owner Trustee, the FAA Bill of Sale, the Head Lease, this Agreement and any applicable Sublease Assignment shall have been duly filed for recordation (or shall be in the process of being so duly filed for recordation) with the FAA pursuant to the Transportation Code 
 2.7.2 Sublessee shall have appointed FAA Counsel, as its professional user entity (as defined in the Cape Town Treaty) to make registrations of this Agreement (including any Sublease Supplement) with the International Registry and shall have authorized the making of such registrations and 
 2.7.3 (a) a precautionary UCC financing statement with respect to this Agreement and (b) any UCC financing statements with respect to any applicable Sublease Assignment shall have been duly filed (or arrangements shall have been made for filing promptly after the Delivery Date) in the State of Delaware or the State of Organisation of Sublessee (or if such Sublessee is incorporated or formed outside the United States of America, in Sublessee's jurisdiction of incorporation if there is a regime analogous to the Uniform Commercial Code or otherwise in Washington D.C.). 
 2.8 Maintenance Programme a copy of the proposed Maintenance Programme and 
 2.9 Export Import evidence that any required export or import licence and all customs formalities relating to the export of the Aircraft from the Delivery Location and import of the Aircraft into the State of Registration have been obtained or complied with. 
 3 Other Representations and Warranties On the Delivery Date, t he representations and warranties of Sublessee under the relevant Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects as though made on and as of the Delivery Date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true as of such earlier date). 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 127 

4 Default On the Delivery Date no event has occurred and is continuing that constitutes a Default or Event of Default. 
 Part B Sublessee Conditions Precedent 
 1 Signing Conditions Precedent Sublessee shall receive from Sublessor, on the date of this Agreement, each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessee 
 1.1 Documents the Sublease and other Transaction Documents shall have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the respective party or parties thereto (other than Sublessee), shall be in full force and effect, and executed counterparts shall have been delivered to Sublessee and 
 1.2 IRS Forms a duly completed and signed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 as may be necessary to demonstrate that no deduction or withholding on account of United States of America taxes is required in connection with any amounts payable to the Sublessor pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 2 Delivery Date Conditions Precedent Sublessee shall receive from Sublessor, not later than the Delivery Date, each of the following in form and substance satisfactory to Sublessee 
 2.1 Documents each other Transaction Document (not already dealt with in this Schedule 9), shall have been executed by the relevant parties thereto (other than Sublessee) and a signed version of each Transaction Document shall have been provided to Sublessee 
 2.2 Certificate of Registration a certificate of registration for the Aircraft issued by the FAA 
 2.3 Certificate of Airworthiness a certificate of airworthiness for the Aircraft issued by the FAA 
 2.4 Quiet Enjoyment a quiet enjoyment undertaking on terms consistent with the terms of Section 11 of this Agreement from the Head Lessor, Sublessor, any Security Trustee and any Leveraging Lender 
 2.5 Representations and Warranties On the Delivery Date, t he representations and warranties of Sublessor under the relevant Transaction Documents are true and correct in all material respects as though made on and as of the Delivery Date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties were true as of such earlier date) and 
 2.6 PUE Consents Sublessor shall have appointed FAA Counsel, as its professional user entity (as defined in the Cape Town Treaty) to make the registrations described in Section 2.1.7 of this Agreement and shall have authorized the making of such registrations. 
 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 128 

Appendix A Acceptance Certificate 
 This Acceptance Certificate is delivered, on and as of the date set forth below, to Amazon.com Services LLC (the Sublessor by Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (the Sublessee pursuant to the Aircraft Sublease Agreement dated 202_ between Sublessor and Sublessee (the Agreement ). Capitalized words and expressions used in this certificate shall have the same meaning as given to such words and expressions in the Agreement. 
 1 Details of Acceptance 
 Sublessee hereby indicates and confirms to Sublessor that there was delivered to Sublessee on and Sublessee accepted at insert time o'clock on the insert day day of insert month insert year at insert Delivery Location , the following in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement 
 (a) Airframe 
 Manufacturer Airbus SAS Type A330-300 MSN Current Registration number Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Date last C Check performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last C Check Total Cycles since new at time of last C Check Date last Airframe Mid-Life Check performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Airframe Mid-Life Check Total Cycles since new at time of last Airframe Mid-Life Check Date last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check performed 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 129 

Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check Total Cycles since new at time of last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check 
 
 (b) Engines 
 Installed in Position #1 Installed in Position #2 Manufacturer Rolls-Royce plc Rolls-Royce plc Type Trent 772B-60 Trent 772B-60 Data Plate Thrust Rating (Lbs) 71,100 lbs 71,100 lbs MSN Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Cycles remaining on Life Limited Part with lowest life remaining LLP name Date last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit Total Cycles since new at time of last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit 
 
 Each Engine is capable of 1750 pounds of thrust or more. 
 (c) Engine Life Limited Parts 
 Engine Life Limited Parts status for each Engine as per the status sheets signed by Sublessor and Sublessee and attached hereto. 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 130 

(d) Landing Gear 
 Nose Landing Gear Assembly Left Main Landing Gear Assembly Right Main Landing Gear Assembly MSN Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Date Released from Shop at last Landing Gear Overhaul Date last Landing Gear Overhaul performed (date of first flight post Landing Gear Overhaul) Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Landing Gear Overhaul Total Cycles since new at time of last Landing Gear Overhaul 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 131 

Depth Tire Tread Remaining (inches) Length Brake Wear Pin Remaining (inches) Left Nose Wheel Right Nose Wheel Main Wheel & Brake #1 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #2 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #3 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #4 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #1 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #2 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #3 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #4 AFT 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 132 

(e) APU 
 Manufacturer Type MSN Total APU Hours since new Total APU Starts since new Date last APU Performance Restoration shop visit performed Total APU Hours since new at time of last APU Performance Restoration shop visit Total APU Starts since new at time of last APU Performance Restoration shop visit 
 
 (f) Aircraft Documents 
 The Aircraft Documents in accordance with the list signed by Sublessor and Sublessee and attached hereto as Attachment No. 1. 
 (g) Loose Equipment 
 The items of loose equipment in accordance with the list signed by Sublessor and Sublessee and attached hereto as Attachment No. 2. 
 (h) Fuel on board at Delivery insert amount lbs. 
 2 Confirmation of Undertakings 
 Sublessee confirms to Sublessor that 
 (a) the Aircraft has been inspected by or on behalf of Sublessee to ensure the Aircraft conforms to Sublessee's requirements. The Aircraft is in compliance with the Delivery Conditions except as described in Attachment No.3 
 (b) the date of acceptance set forth above constitutes the Delivery Date 
 (c) the Sublessee's execution and delivery of this Acceptance Certificate represents the Sublessee's acceptance of the Aircraft in accordance with the terms of the Agreement 
 (d) the representations and warranties contained in Section 2.1 of the Agreement are hereby repeated as of the Delivery Date and 
 (e) the Aircraft is insured in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement and Sublessor will procure that the undertakings described in Attachment No. 3 will be performed. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 133 

This Acceptance Certificate may be executed in several counterparts. This Acceptance Certificate and any and all obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
 In witness whereof , each of Sublessee and Sublessor has caused this Acceptance Certificate to be signed by its duly authorized officer(s) or representative(s) on the date written in paragraph 1 above. 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 134 

Attachment No. 1 to Acceptance Certificate 
 List of Aircraft Documents 

Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 135 

Attachment No. 2 to Acceptance Certificate 
 List of Items of Loose Equipment 

Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 136 

Attachment No. 3 to Acceptance Certificate Exceptions List 
 The items listed below represent non-conformities to the Delivery Conditions on the Delivery Date, the corrective action (or payment to Sublessee in lieu thereof), if any, to be taken by Sublessor (or Head Lessor) and the date of accomplishment, which Sublessor expressly agrees to perform as set forth herein. Sublessee's acceptance of the Aircraft is subject to Sublessor's completion of the items set forth herein or payment to Sublessee in lieu thereof. Sublessee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Sublessor's undertakings set forth herein are in furtherance of and subject to the Aircraft Sublease Agreement dated between Sublessor and Sublessee (the agreement ), that Sublessor makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, hereunder and that Sublessor's undertakings are subject to each and every disclaimer of Sublessor set forth in the agreement including, without limitation, those set forth in Section 21 thereof. 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Item No. Description Correction Action Completion Date Sublessee's Initials 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 137 

Appendix B Monthly Report 
 To 
 From 
 
 Month Year Aircraft Type Airframe MSN Airframe Total Flight Hours Since New (Hrs Mins) Airframe Total Cycles Since New Airframe Flight Hours During Month (Hrs Mins) Airframe Cycles During Month Date of Last C Check Planned Date for Next C Check Engine No. 1 Engine No. 2 APU Titled MSN (MSN contracted with Airframe) Current Location of Titled MSN Current Thrust Rating of Titled MSN Titled MSN Total Flight Hours Since New (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN Total Cycles Since New Titled MSN Flight Hours During Month (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN Cycles During Month 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 138 

Titled MSN Total APU Hours Since New (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN APU Hours During Month (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN Date of Last Shop Visit Titled MSN Date Removed (if off wing) Titled MSN Reason for Removal (if off wing) Titled MSN Planned Removal Date Currently Installed MSN Nose Left Main Right Main Titled MSN (MSN contracted with Airframe) Current Location of Titled MSN Titled MSN Total Flight Hours Since New (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN Total Cycles Since New Titled MSN Flight Hours Flown During Month (Hrs Mins) Titled MSN Cycles During Month Titled MSN Date of last Overhaul Currently Installed MSN Report any Incident of Loss or Damage Report any changes of Operating Weights Flights flown outside the United States of America (departure and arrival) Flights flown to the United States of America Flights flown from the United States of America 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 139 

Flights flown to any Excluded Country Flights flown from any Excluded Country 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 140 

Appendix C Redelivery Acknowledgment 
 This Redelivery Acknowledgment is delivered, on and as of the date set forth below, to Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. (the Sublessee by Amazon.com Services LLC (the Sublessor pursuant to the Aircraft Sublease Agreement dated insert date 202_ between Sublessor and Sublessee (the Agreement ). Capitalized words and expressions used in this acknowledgment shall have the same meaning as given to such words and expressions in the Agreement. 
 1 Details of Acceptance 
 Sublessor hereby indicates and confirms to Sublessee that there was delivered to Sublessor on and Sublessor accepted at insert time o'clock on the insert day day of insert month insert year at insert delivery location , the following in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement 
 (a) Airframe 
 Manufacturer Airbus SAS Type A330-300 MSN Current Registration number Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Date last C Check performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last C Check Total Cycles since new at time of last C Check Date last Airframe Mid-Life Check performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Airframe Mid-Life Check Total Cycles since new at time of last Airframe Mid-Life Check Date last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check performed 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 141 

Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check Total Cycles since new at time of last Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 142 

(b) Engines 
 
 Installed in Position #1 Installed in Position #2 Manufacturer Rolls-Royce plc Rolls-Royce plc Type Trent 772B-60 Trent 772B-60 Data Plate Thrust Rating (Lbs) 71,100 lbs 71,100 lbs MSN Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Cycles remaining on Life Limited Part with lowest life remaining LLP name Date last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit performed Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit Total Cycles since new at time of last Engine Performance Restoration shop visit 
 
 (c) Engine Life Limited Parts 
 Engine Life Limited Parts status for each Engine as per the status sheets signed by Sublessor and Sublessee and attached hereto. 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 143 

(d) Landing Gear 
 Nose Landing Gear Assembly Left Main Landing Gear Assembly Right Main Landing Gear Assembly MSN Total Flight Hours since new Total Cycles since new Date Released from Shop at last Landing Gear Overhaul Date last Landing Gear Overhaul performed (date of first flight post Landing Gear Overhaul) Total Flight Hours since new at time of last Landing Gear Overhaul Total Cycles since new at time of last Landing Gear Overhaul 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 144 

Depth Tire Tread Remaining (inches) Length Brake Wear Pin Remaining (inches) Left Nose Wheel Right Nose Wheel Main Wheel & Brake #1 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #2 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #3 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #4 FWD Main Wheel & Brake #1 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #2 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #3 AFT Main Wheel & Brake #4 AFT 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 145 

(e) APU 
 Manufacturer Type MSN Total APU Hours since new Total APU Starts since new APU Starts remaining on Life Limited Part with lowest life remaining LLP name Date last APU Performance Restoration shop visit performed Total APU Hours since new at time of last APU Performance Restoration shop visit Total APU Starts since new at time of last APU Performance Restoration shop visit 
 
 (f) Aircraft Documents 
 The Aircraft Documents in accordance with the list signed by the Sublessor and the Sublessee and attached hereto as Attachment No.1. 
 
 (g) Loose Equipment 
 The items of loose equipment in accordance with the list signed by the Sublessor and the Sublessee and attached hereto as Attachment No. 2. 
 (h) Fuel on board at Redelivery 
 insert amount lbs . 
 2 Confirmation 
 2.1 Sublessor confirms to Sublessee that as at the time indicated above, being the Termination Date, (a) the Aircraft has been inspected by or on behalf of Sublessor to ensure that the Aircraft conforms to the Redelivery Conditions and (b) the Aircraft is in compliance with the Redelivery Conditions except as described on the Exceptions List attached hereto as Attachment No. 3 and the Aircraft, Engines, Parts and Aircraft have been redelivered to and accepted by the Sublessor subject to the terms of the Agreement. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 146 

This Redelivery Acknowledgment may be executed in several counterparts. This Redelivery Acknowledgment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
 In witness whereof , each of Sublessor and Sublessor has caused this Redelivery Acknowledgment to be signed by its duly authorized officer(s) or representative(s) on the date written in paragraph 1 above. 
 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 147 

Attachment No. 1 to Redelivery Acknowledgment 
 List of Aircraft Documents 
 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 148 

Attachment No. 2 to Redelivery Acknowledgment 
 List of Items of Loose Equipment 
 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 149 

Attachment No. 3 to Redelivery Acknowledgment 
 Exceptions List 
 The items listed below represent defects or non-conformities to the Redelivery Conditions on the Termination Date, the corrective action (or payment to Sublessor in lieu thereof) , if any, to be taken by Sublessee and the date of accomplishment, which Sublessee expressly agrees to perform as set forth herein. Sublessor's acceptance of the Aircraft is subject to Sublessee's completion of the items set forth herein or payment to Sublessor in lieu thereof . 
 Sublessor 
 Amazon.com Services LLC 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Sublessee 
 Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Item No. Description Correction Action Completion Date Sublessor's Initials 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 150 

Annex A Definitions 
 DEFINITIONS (MSN __ 
 1.1 In each Transaction Document, unless the context otherwise requires, the following words and expressions have the following meanings 
 Acceptable Repair means a structural repair accomplished in accordance with (a) the Manufacturer's SRM or (b) any other repair design approved by the Manufacturer and the Type Authority and accepted by the Aviation Authority and complying with the following requirements 
 (a) the repair must be designated as permanent (Category A Repair or Category B Repair, as such terms are defined in the SRM) in accordance with the Manufacturer's approved data notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the Manufacturer advises that a permanent repair is not possible or not economically feasible, a temporary or time limited repair shall be acceptable provided (i) there are no supplemental inspections required and (ii) the repair does not require replacement prior to the Aircraft accumulating Flight Hours since new or Cycles since new, whichever occurs first 
 (b) damage tolerance assessment of the repair by the Manufacturer must be complete up to at least Stage 2 (identifying a threshold for any applicable supplemental damage tolerance inspections) 
 (c) damage tolerance assessment of the repair by the Manufacturer must be complete up to Stage 3 (identifying an interval and a method for inspection for any applicable supplemental damage tolerance inspections) if the threshold for any supplemental damage tolerance inspections would fall due within Flight Hours and or Cycles and or months after Redelivery 
 (d) the interval for inspection of a Category B Repair (as such term is defined in the SRM) shall not be less than Flight Hours and or Cycles and or months 
 Acceptance Certificate means an acceptance certificate substantially in the form set out in Appendix A to the Sublease 
 Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any other person directly or indirectly controlling, directly or indirectly controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with the person specified 
 After-Tax Basis means that payments required to be made on such basis will be supplemented by the person paying the base amount by that amount which, when added to such base amount, and after deduction of all Taxes required to be paid by or on behalf of the payee with respect to the receipt or accrual of the base amount and any such supplemental amount, and after consideration of any current Tax savings of such payee resulting by way of any deduction, credit or other Tax benefit attributable 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 151 

to such amounts or the Indemnified Tax or Loss, shall net such payee the full amount of such base amount 
 Agreed Value has the meaning given in paragraph 7 of Schedule 4 to the Sublease 
 AHSN means APU Hours since new being, the total APU Hours accumulated on the APU (or any other relevant auxiliary power unit) since new from manufacture 
 Aircraft means the Airframe together with the Engines and includes, where the context requires, the Aircraft Documents 
 Aircraft Documents means all records, logs, manuals, technical data, tags and other documents in respect of the specification, maintenance, modification and repair of the Aircraft (i) provided to Sublessee with the Aircraft at Delivery, (ii) specified in the list attached to the Acceptance Certificate, (iii) provided to Sublessee during the Sublease Period, (iv) generated by Sublessee or any third party pursuant to Section 15.10 of the Sublease, and all replacements, additions, revisions and renewals from time to time made to any of the foregoing whether printed on paper or stored on any disk or electronic medium, and in the case of the latter includes any software not generally available to Sublessor and necessary to store and retrieve such data subject to Section 15.1.15 of the Sublease, all of the foregoing conforming to the standard and content set out in schedule 3 to the Sublease 
 Aircraft Protocol means the official English language text of the Protocol to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on Matters Specific to Aircraft Equipment, adopted on November 16, 2001, at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements, and revisions thereto, as in effect in the United States 
 Airframe means the airframe described in schedule 1 to the Sublease (excluding any Engines or engines from time to time installed thereon), together with any and all Parts thereof so long as such Parts are incorporated or installed in or attached to such airframe, and any and all Parts removed therefrom so long as title thereto remains vested in Owner Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Sublease and, where the context requires, such of the Aircraft Documents as relate to such airframe and such Parts, but excludes any Part replaced in accordance with the Sublease, title to which has vested in Sublessee pursuant to the Sublease 
 Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check means a single block check in respect of the Aircraft during which all those tasks per the MPD which have an interval equal to the Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check Interval are accomplished 
 Airframe Heavy Maintenance Check Interval means years or such other interval as may be applied to the majority of heavy structural inspection tasks per the MPD following a revision to the MPD, it being acknowledged that such tasks have an interval of 
 
 Airframe Manufacturer means Airbus S.A.S 
 Airframe Mid-Life Check means a single block check in respect of the Aircraft during which all those tasks per the MPD which have an interval equal to the Airframe Mid-Life Check Interval are accomplished 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 152 

Airframe Mid-Life Check Interval means years or such other interval as may be applied to the majority of mid-life structural inspection tasks per the MPD following a revision to the MPD, it being acknowledged that such tasks have an interval 
 
 Airworthiness Directive means an airworthiness directive issued by (including those issued by or those issued on behalf of or those adopted by) the Type Authority and or any other specified authority 
 Entities 
 
 AMM means the latest revision (as at the applicable time of reference) of the airplane maintenance manual or aircraft maintenance manual published by the Manufacturer in respect of the Aircraft 
 AMOC has the meaning given in paragraph 14.2 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 APU means the auxiliary power unit installed on the Airframe on the Delivery Date or any replacement auxiliary power unit installed on the Airframe title to which has vested in Owner Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Sublease, all Parts thereof and, where the context requires, such of the Aircraft Documents as relate thereto, but excludes any such auxiliary power unit replaced in accordance with the Sublease title to which has passed to Sublessee pursuant to the terms of the Sublease 
 APU Hour means, with respect to the APU, or any other relevant auxiliary power unit, each hour or part thereof elapsing from the moment such unit is started to the moment when it is shut down 
 APU Performance Restoration means, with respect to the APU, a shop visit of the APU which includes as a minimum the disassembly, inspection and repair of the power section and load compressor of the APU in accordance with either the Maintenance Program or the APU Manufacturer's published manuals 
 APU Start means, with respect to the APU, one complete operational cycle of the APU from start up to shut down and, with respect to any other auxiliary power unit, one complete operational cycle of such auxiliary power unit from start up to shut down 
 ASSN means APU Starts since new being the total number of APU Starts accumulated on the APU (or any other relevant auxiliary power unit) since new from manufacture 
 ATSA has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraphs of the Sublease. 
 Authorized Maintenance Provider means Sublessee, any affiliate of Sublessee which is an FAR 145 approved maintenance provider and any other FAR 145 approved facility or other maintenance provider approved by the Aviation Authority, in any case approved for the determined scope of work to be undertaken on the Aircraft 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 153 

Aviation Authority means the FAA 
 Base Rental means all amounts payable pursuant to Section 7.2 of the Sublease 
 Base Thrust Rating means the take-off thrust rating identified for the Engines in schedule 1 to the Sublease 
 Beneficiary means 
 
 Business Day means any day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in London, United Kingdom, New York, New York, U.S., Seattle, Washington, U.S. and Sublessee's State of Organization 
 C Check means, however designated, a block check in respect of the Aircraft equivalent to an industry standard C Check, being a maintenance check carried out at intervals of 24 months or more and requiring sufficient downtime to carry out all work (which shall typically include system maintenance, zonal inspections, structural inspections, cabin refurbishment, cleaning and repairs) as required by the maintenance programme designated for such C Check 
 Cape Town Convention means the official English language text of the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment, adopted on November 16, 2001, at a diplomatic conference in Cape Town, South Africa, and all amendments, supplements, and revisions thereto, as in effect in the United States 
 Cape Town Treaty means, collectively, the official English language text of (i) the Cape Town Convention, (ii) the Aircraft Protocol, (iii) all rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto and as in effect in the United States and (iv) with respect to each of the foregoing described in clauses (i) through (iii), all amendments, supplements and revisions thereto as in effect in the United States 
 Certificated Air Carrier means an air carrier holding an air carrier operating certificate issued by the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to Chapter 447 of Title 49 of the United States Code for aircraft capable of carrying ten or more individuals or 6,000 pounds or more of cargo or that otherwise is certified or registered to the extent required to fall within the purview of Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code of the United States 
 Citizen of the United States has the meaning specified for such term in Section 40102(a)(15) of the Transportation Code or any similar legislation of the United States of America enacted in substitution or replacement therefor 
 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
 Conditions Precedent means the Sublessor Conditions Precedent and the Sublessee Conditions Precedent 
 CSN means cycles since new being the total Cycles accumulated on the relevant Aircraft, Airframe, Engine or Part (or any other applicable engine or part) since new manufacture 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 154 

Cycle means each take-off and landing sequence of the Airframe and, with respect to an Engine or Part, each take-off and landing sequence of the airframe on which such Engine or Part is installed and, with respect to any other engine or part, each take-off and landing sequence of the airframe on which such other engine or part is installed (one (1) touch and go shall count as one (1) take-off and landing sequence) 
 Damage Notification Threshold has the meaning given in Schedule 4 to the Sublease 
 Data Plate Thrust Rating means, with respect to an engine (including an Engine), the take-off thrust rating (i) for which such engine is configured for operation, (ii) which is recorded on the data plate of such engine, (iii) which is certified for use on such engine by the Engine Manufacturer, and (iv) for which the Engine Manufacturer has been compensated or has otherwise approved such thrust rating for such engine 
 Default means any event or the existence of any circumstance which is, or, with the giving of notice, the lapse of time, any relevant determination, the satisfaction of any applicable condition, or any combination of any of the foregoing, may become an Event of Default 
 Default Rate means a rate equal to per annum 
 Delivery means the delivery of the Aircraft by Sublessor to, and the acceptance of the Aircraft by, Sublessee under the Sublease 
 Delivery Conditions means the procedures and conditions specified in Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Delivery Date means the date on which Delivery occurs 
 Delivery Final Technical Acceptance has the meaning given in paragraph 3.4 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Delivery Historical Records has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Delivery Initial Technical Acceptance has the meaning given in paragraph 1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Delivery Initial Technical Acceptance Location means the location where the P2F Conversion is to be completed 
 Delivery Location means the Delivery Painting Location or such other location mutually agreed to by the Parties 
 Delivery Paint Positioning Flight has the meaning given in paragraph 3.6 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Delivery Painting Location means the location designated by Sublessor at which the livery painting of the Aircraft shall be completed prior to Delivery (which may be the same as the Delivery Initial Technical Acceptance Location) 
 Delivery Positioning Flight has the meaning given in paragraph 4.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 155 

DER Repair means a repair which has not been approved for use on the Airframe or on an Engine or Part (as applicable) by the relevant Manufacturer (even if such repair is approved by an FAA designated engineering representative, or by a person or organization holding design organization approval under EASA Part 21) 
 Dollars and means the lawful currency of the United States of America from time to time 
 Early Termination Date has the meaning given in Section 5.12 of the Sublease 
 Early Termination Notice has the meaning given in Section 5.12 of the Sublease 
 Early Termination Option has the meaning given in Section 5.12 of the Sublease 
 EASA means the European Aviation Safety Agency as established by European Parliament and Council Regulation (EC) No. 2018 1139 (repealing and or amending earlier regulations and or directives of the European Parliament and Council) and or any other authority or person which may succeed or replace it or any of its functions from time to time 
 
 EGT Margin means the exhaust gas temperature margin being a measure of the difference between the temperature at a location determined by the Engine Manufacturer (typically at the inlet or exit of the low pressure turbine) and limits for exhaust gas temperature approved by the Type Authority 
 Engine means, whether or not installed on the Airframe, each of the engines of the manufacture, model and serial number described in schedule 1 to the Sublease (each of which has 750 or more rated take-off horsepower or the equivalent) or any other engine of the same manufacture and model tendered to Sublessee with the Airframe as set out in the Acceptance Certificate and any Replacement Engine with effect from the time when title thereto vests in Owner Trustee pursuant to the Sublease, and in each case includes any and all Parts belonging to or installed in such engine or removed therefrom so long as title thereto remains vested in Owner Trustee in accordance with the Sublease and, where the context requires, such of the Aircraft Documents as relate thereto but excludes any engine replaced in accordance with the Sublease title to which has vested in Sublessee pursuant to the Sublease 
 Engine Manufacturer means Rolls-Royce plc or its successor in title 
 Engine Performance Restoration means a shop visit at which an Engine undergoes as a minimum an Engine Refurbishment Shop Visit as defined by the Engine Manufacturer's generic Engine Management Programme valid at the time of the shop visit, including Module 41 Refurbishment and Module 51 Refurbishment in each case, with the workscope accomplished for each major module and the performance of the Engine demonstrated during test cell for such shop visit being sufficient in the Engine Manufacturer's reasonable opinion to achieve a full operating interval until the next anticipated Engine Performance Restoration shop visit and in any event not less than 6,000 Cycles (the Required Engine Build Level 
 Engine Total Loss means the occurrence of any of the events described in the definition of Total Loss with respect to an Engine and not the Aircraft or the Airframe, whether or not installed on the Airframe 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 156 

Equipment Change has the meaning given in Section 15.7 of the Sublease 
 Eurocontrol means the European Organisation for the Safety of Air Navigation established by the Convention relating to Co-operation for the Safety of Air Navigation (Eurocontrol) signed on 13 December 1960 as amended by the Protocol thereto signed on 12 February 1981 as amended from time to time or any replacement therefor or successor thereto 
 Event of Default means any of the events or circumstances specified in Section 19.1 of the Sublease 
 Event of Force Majeure means a delay in performance on account of or arising out of (i) acts of God, (ii) war, riots, terrorism or armed hostilities, (iii) fires, floods, pandemics (including the continuing Covid-19 pandemic), earthquakes, serious accidents or the total loss of the Aircraft, (iv) strikes or labour troubles causing cessation, slowdown, or interruption of work or (v) any other cause that is beyond the reasonable control of the Sublessor or not occasioned by the fault or negligence of the Sublessor or the Beneficiary (including, without limitation, for the purposes of this item (v), damage to the Aircraft or the inability of Sublessor or any other person to procure materials, systems, accessories, equipment or parts), provided that the termination of the P2F Conversion Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Force Majeure 
 Excluded Country means any country or territory to which the export and or use of the Aircraft, any Engine or Part or engaging in business or facilitating trade or other economic activity, (whether by reason of matters relating to the Sublessor, the Sublessee, a Manufacturer or otherwise) is not permitted under any sanctions, statute, regulation or legislation from time to time promulgated by any of (i) the United Nations, (ii) the United States of America, (iii) the United Kingdom, (iv) the European Union, (v) the State of Organisation, (vi) the State of Registration, or (vii) any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction over the Sublessee, Sublessor, Beneficiary and Owner Trustee 
 Export Control Laws means any applicable export control laws, such as U.S. Export Control Reform Act of 2018 and the Export Administration Regulations, 15 C.F.R. Parts 700-799, as amended from time to time, and Council Regulation (EC) No. 428 2009, as amended and updated by EU Regulation 388 2012 of 19 April 2012, and associated implementing laws and regulations of EU member states, as further updated and amended from time to time 
 FAA means the Federal Aviation Administration of the Department of Transportation of the United States of America and or such authorities or persons as shall replace it or any of its functions from time to time 
 FAA Bill of Sale means the bill of sale for the Aircraft on AC Form 8050-2, executed in favour of Owner Trustee 
 FAR means the Federal Aviation Regulations as set out in the Transportation Code of the United States of America as amended from time to time 
 Final Delivery Check has the meaning given in paragraph 9.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 157 

Final Destination has the meaning given in paragraph 4.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Final Redelivery Check has the meaning given in paragraph 9.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Final Redelivery Check Records has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Flight Hour means 
 (a) with respect to the Aircraft or Airframe, each hour or part thereof (rounded up to the nearest minute) accumulated while the Airframe is off the surface of the earth during flight and 
 (b) with respect to an Engine, Part or any other engine or part, each hour or part thereof (rounded up to the nearest minute) accumulated while the airframe on which such Engine or Part or such other engine or part, is installed is off the surface of the earth during flight 
 Governmental Entity means any 
 (a) state, territory, national government or political subdivision of any thereof 
 (b) governmental authority, board, commission, department, division, organ, instrument, court, tribunal or agency of any state, territory or political subdivision thereof, however constituted and 
 (c) association, organisation or institution to whose jurisdiction of which any entity mentioned in (a) or (b) above is a member or to whose jurisdiction any thereof is subject or in whose activities any thereof is a participant 
 Hard Time Event means a visual check, operational check, functional check, inspection, maintenance, lubrication, servicing, restoration or discard & replacement for life limit for a Hard Time Part in accordance with the requirements of the MPD and or the Maintenance Programme and or any other maintenance programme specified in the Sublease 
 Hard Time Part means a Part or replacement part which must be removed from service for a Hard Time Event at specified intervals in accordance with the MPD and or the Maintenance Programme and or any other maintenance programme specified in the Sublease 
 Hawaiian s Maintenance Programme means Sublessee's Aviation Authority approved maintenance program applicable to aircraft of the same make and model as the Aircraft and utilized pursuant to the ATSA 
 Head Lease means that certain Aircraft Lease Agreement dated as of December 7, 2021, between the Head Lessor, as lessor, and Sublessor, as lessee, as amended or supplemented from time to time 
 Head Lessor means UMB Bank, National Association, not in its individual capacity, except as expressly set forth in the Head Lease, but solely as owner trustee 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 158 

IATA means the International Air Transport Association or any replacement therefor and or successor thereto 
 ICAO means the International Civil Aviation Organisation or any replacement therefor and or successor thereto 
 Indemnified Taxes has the meaning given in Section 3.1.3 of the Sublease 
 Indemnitee means each of Sublessor, Sublessor Parent, Head Lessor, Owner Trustee, the Beneficiary, each Entity, each Leveraging Lender, any Security Trustee and all of their respective Affiliates, assigns, successors, officers, directors, partners, employees, duly authorized agents, members and managers 
 Initial Delivery Inspection has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Initial Redelivery Inspection has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Insurances means insurances in respect of the Aircraft in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Sublessor and required to be maintained pursuant to the provisions of Section 16 and Schedule 5 of the Sublease 
 Landing Gear means the landing gear assemblies (and their constituent sub-assemblies and Parts) of the Aircraft, meaning the nose landing gear assembly and the left main landing gear assembly and the right main landing gear assembly and as the context requires, Landing Gear may also mean each of such landing gear assemblies of the Aircraft individually, but excludes any landing gear assembly replaced in accordance with the Sublease title to which has vested in Sublessee pursuant to the Sublease 
 Landing Gear Overhaul means an Overhaul in respect of the Landing Gear 
 Leveraging Lender has the meaning given in Section 27.5 of the Sublease 
 Leveraging Transaction has the meaning given in Section 27.5 of the Sublease 
 Lien means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, hypothecation, lease, title retention, assignment, trust arrangement, right of possession or detention or security interest of any kind, howsoever created or arising, including an International Interest (as defined under the Cape Town Convention) 
 Life Limited Part means a Hard Time Part which must be removed from service and discarded at or before reaching a maximum life limit, as recommended by the Manufacturer and or approved mandated by the Type Authority 
 LLP means a Life Limited Part 
 LLP Life Limit means, with respect to an LLP, the maximum life limit recommended by the Manufacturer and or approved by the Type Authority 
 Loss Mitigation Action has the meaning given in Section 3.2.3 of the Sublease 
 Losses means any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities, demands, suits, judgments, causes of action, legal proceedings, whether civil or criminal, penalties, 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 159 

fines and other sanctions, and any reasonable attorney's fees and other reasonable costs and expenses in connection therewith or in establishing the right to indemnification hereunder, including any of the foregoing arising or imposed with or without the fault or negligence of any Indemnitee (whether passive or active) or under the doctrine of strict or absolute liability 
 Maintenance Programme means (i) Hawaiian's Maintenance Programme provided that references to the Maintenance Programme in the Redelivery Conditions shall be deemed to mean a maintenance program that shall conform as a minimum to the requirements of the MPD but that otherwise conforms to Hawaiian's Maintenance Programme, or (ii) such other Aviation Authority approved maintenance program applicable to the Aircraft as may be approved by Sublessor (acting reasonably) in writing 
 Major Modifications means major modifications as such term would be understood by the FAA and, solely in connection with the Redelivery Conditions, EASA 
 Manufacturer means in relation to the Airframe, the Airframe Manufacturer, in relation to the Engines, the Engine Manufacturer, and, in relation to any Part, the manufacturer of such Part, or its successor in title 
 Minor Discrepancy means a discrepancy which 
 (a) does not in aggregate with other Minor Discrepancies have a cost (as agreed between Sublessor and Sublessee) in excess of (including all labour, material and transport costs) to rectify (or such greater amount as Sublessor and Sublessee may agree in writing) 
 (b) does not affect the safe operation of the Aircraft or cause the Aircraft to be unairworthy or unserviceable as determined by the FAA and having regard to the Master Minimum Equipment List 
 (c) does not affect the eligibility of the Aircraft for, or result in any conditions to, a ferry permit, an export certificate of airworthiness or render the Aircraft ineligible for an FAA certificate of airworthiness 
 (d) in respect of a Minor Discrepancy at Delivery, does not impact Sublessee's intended use for the Aircraft and Sublessor has agreed to rectify such discrepancy or to reimburse Sublessee in full in respect thereof for the rectification cost of such discrepancy and 
 (e) in respect of a Minor Discrepancy at Redelivery, does not impact Sublessor's intended use for the Aircraft (including the intended use of the next operator for the Aircraft) and Sublessee has agreed to pay to Sublessor an agreed amount for the rectification cost of such discrepancy 
 Minor Modifications means minor modifications as such term would be understood by the FAA and, solely in connection with the Redelivery Conditions, EASA 
 Mortgage means any mortgage or similar security interest or pledge granted over the Aircraft by Owner Trustee to a Security Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Sublease from time to time 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 160 

MPD means (A) solely in connection with the Redelivery Conditions, the latest revision at the applicable time of reference of the Maintenance Planning Document published by the Manufacturer in respect of aircraft of the same type as the Aircraft a reference to the MPD shall be understood to include a reference to requirements that may be published in any separate document referenced in the MPD (e.g. certification maintenance requirements, airworthiness limitation section, etc.) and a reference to the instructions for continued airworthiness for any incorporated repairs or modifications (including the P2F Conversion) and (B) in all instances other than in connection with the Redelivery Conditions, (i) Hawaiian's Maintenance Programme or (ii) such other Aviation Authority approved maintenance programme applicable to the Aircraft as may be approved by Sublessor (acting reasonably) in writing 
 MSN means the Manufacturer's serial number as assigned by the relevant Manufacturer to the Airframe, an Engine or a Part (or any other applicable airframe, engine or part) 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the US Treasury 
 Operating Destination has the meaning given in paragraph 4.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Other Agreement means any or all, as the context may require, of any Other Lease Agreement and any Other Transaction Document 
 Other Aircraft means any or all, as the context may require, of the aircraft listed in schedule 8 to the Sublease, but only if, and for so long as (i) such aircraft is under common direct or indirect ownership with the Aircraft and (ii) if the Aircraft is then subject to a financing transaction, such aircraft is also subject to such financing transaction 
 Other Lease Agreement means any aircraft lease agreement relating to an Other Aircraft entered into between (i) Sublessor and (ii) Sublessee 
 Other Transaction Document means, in relation to any Other Aircraft, any Transaction Document (as defined in the Other Lease Agreement relating to such Other Aircraft) relating to such Other Aircraft 
 Overdue Sum means any amount which is not paid when due under or pursuant to the Sublease 
 Overhaul means the work necessary to return a part (including a Part) to the highest standard specified in the relevant overhaul manual or component maintenance manual 
 Owner Trustee means Head Lessor in its capacity as owner of the Aircraft or any successor trust company permitted in accordance with Section 3.04 of the Trust Agreement. 
 P2F and Final Delivery Check Records has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1.1 of Schedule 2 to the Sublease 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 161 

P2F Conversion means the conversion of the Aircraft from its passenger configuration to a freighter configuration pursuant to a Supplemental Type Certificate held by the P2F Converter and approved by EASA and the FAA 
 P2F Conversion Agreement means an agreement entered into, or to be entered into, between Beneficiary and under which the Aircraft shall undergo the P2F Conversion 
 P2F Converter means either or both, as the context may require, of (i) and (ii) any subcontractor performing some or all of the work comprising the P2F Conversion in accordance with the terms of the P2F Conversion Agreement 
 Part means, (whether or not installed on the Aircraft, the Airframe, or any Engine) any auxiliary power unit, any landing gear, any appliances, accessories, computers, instruments, avionics, assemblies, modules, components, seats, galleys, lavatories and other items of equipment of whatever nature (other than a complete Engine), together with any necessary operating software (including loadable aircraft software parts or their equivalent), which are furnished with the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine on the Delivery Date or that may thereafter be incorporated or installed in or become attached to the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine, title to which has vested in Owner Trustee pursuant to the Sublease and, where the context requires, such of the Aircraft Documents as relate thereto but excludes any such items title to which has passed to Sublessee pursuant to the Sublease 
 Participation Agreement means that certain participation agreement dated as of December 7, 2021, among Sublessor, Owner Trustee and Beneficiary 
 Party means Sublessor or Sublessee and Parties shall mean both Sublessor and Sublessee 
 Payment Account means the account specified in Schedule 4 to the Sublease or such other account designated in writing by Sublessor 
 Payment Date means the first day of each Rental Period or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day 
 Permitted Lien means any 
 (a) of the respective rights of Owner Trustee, Beneficiary, Sublessor and Sublessee as provided in the Transaction Documents, the Head Lease, the Participation Agreement and the Trust Agreement 
 (b) Sublessor Lien 
 (c) Lien for Taxes which have not yet been assessed or are not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings so long as such proceedings do not involve any material risk of the sale, forfeiture or loss of the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine 
 (d) Lien in favour of an airport hangar keeper, workman, mechanic, maintenance provider, material man, employee, carrier or repairer or any other similar encumbrances arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of obligations which are not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings so long as such 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 162 

proceedings do not involve any material risk of the sale, forfeiture or loss of the Aircraft, the Airframe, any Engine, any APU or any Landing Gear 
 (e) Lien for airport, navigation and en-route charges arising in the ordinary course of business and for amounts the payment of which is either not yet delinquent or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings so long as such proceedings do not involve any material risk of the sale, forfeiture or loss of the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine 
 (f) Lien of insurers for salvage or similar rights of insurers under insurances policies required hereunder 
 (g) Lien (other than Liens for Taxes) arising out of any judgment or award (1) for which remains undischarged, unvacated or not reversed for less than days after the entry of such judgment or award, or if earlier, no later than the last day of the Sublease Period or (2) during an appeal or review regarding such judgment or award with respect to which there shall have been secured a stay of execution pending such appeal or review, and in each case, provided that during such period, there is no material risk of the sale, forfeiture, confiscation, distraint, seizure or loss of the Aircraft, the Airframe or any Engine or any risk of criminal liability or material risk of civil penalty against Sublessor, Owner Trustee or Beneficiary 
 (h) of the respective rights of Head Lessor any Security Trustee or any Leveraging Lender and 
 (i) any Lien arising out of any leveraging transaction or financing entered into by any Indemnitee 
 PMA Part means a part which has not been approved for use on the Airframe or on an Engine by the relevant Manufacturer (even if such part is manufactured under an FAA Parts Manufacturer Approval or is approved under EASA Part 21) 
 Person means any individual person, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, trustee, unincorporated organization or government 
 Previous Operator means 
 Records Location means the principal place of business of the Sublessee under the Sublease as notified by Sublessee to Sublessor prior to Delivery or such other location in the United States as is notified by Sublessee to Sublessor or, if the Aircraft is registered in a jurisdiction outside the United States of America, such location in the jurisdiction of the principal place of business of Sublessee as is notified by Sublessee to Sublessor provided that to the extent any Aircraft Documents are maintained in an electronic format, the Records Location thereof shall be the third-party platform utilized by Sublessee to store digital aircraft records which shall be deemed to be located at Sublessee's principal place of business 
 Redelivery means the redelivery of the Aircraft by Sublessee to Sublessor in accordance with the requirements of the Sublease 
 Redelivery Conditions means the procedures and conditions specified in Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 163 

Redelivery Final Technical Acceptance has the meaning given in paragraph 3.4 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Redelivery Historical Records has the meaning given in paragraph 2.1.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Redelivery Initial Technical Acceptance has the meaning given in paragraph 1 in Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Redelivery Initial Technical Acceptance Location means a location designated by Sublessee which shall be the location where the Final Redelivery Check will be completed 
 Redelivery Location means the Redelivery Painting Location or such other location as may be agreed in writing by Sublessor and Sublessee in order to minimise any Taxes 
 Redelivery Paint Positioning Flight has the meaning given in paragraph 3.6 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Redelivery Painting Location means the location designated by Sublessor at which the livery painting of the Aircraft shall be completed prior to Redelivery (which may be the same as the Redelivery Initial Technical Acceptance Location) 
 Redelivery Positioning Flight has the meaning given in paragraph 4.1 of Schedule 6 to the Sublease 
 Regulations has the meaning given in Section 11.2.10 of the Sublease 
 Related Indemnitee Group with respect to any Indemnitee means each of the individual persons acting as agents, officers, employees and directors of such Indemnitee 
 Rental means all amounts of Base Rental payable pursuant to the Sublease 
 Rental Period means each period ascertained in accordance with Section 7.3 of the Sublease 
 Replacement Engine has the meaning given in Section 15.2.1 of the Sublease 
 Required Engine Build Level has the meaning given in the definition of Engine Performance Restoration 
 Scheduled Delivery Date means (i) __ or (ii) such other date as may be agreed in writing between Sublessor and Sublessee 
 Scheduled Termination Date means the date falling 120 months after the Delivery Date 
 Security Trustee means an entity holding a security interest in, to and under the Aircraft, for the benefit of one or more Leveraging Lenders in accordance with Section 27.5 of the Sublease 
 Serviceable Tag means an FAA form 8130-3 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 164 

Servicer has the meaning given in Section 29 of the Sublease 
 Specification means the specification as described in schedule 7 to the Sublease 
 SRM means the latest revision, at the applicable time of reference, of the Structural Repair Manual published by the Manufacturer in respect of the Aircraft 
 State of Organization means the jurisdiction of incorporation of Sublessee 
 State of Registration means the United States of America or such other jurisdiction as the Aircraft may be registered in from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Sublease 
 Sublease means this Aircraft Sublease Agreement, including all appendices, exhibits and schedules hereto, as the same may be amended from time to time 
 Sublease Assignment means the assignment by Sublessor of its rights under the Sublease granted by Sublessor in favour of Owner Trustee in accordance with Section 2.4.3 of Schedule 9 to the Sublease 
 Sublease Period means the period commencing on the Delivery Date and ending on the Termination Date 
 Sublessee Conditions Precedent means each of the items listed in Part B of Schedule 9 to the Sublease 
 Sublessee Consent has the meaning given in Schedule 9 to the Sublease 
 Sublessee Indemnitee means each of Sublessee, Head Lessor, Owner Trustee, the Beneficiary, each Altavair Entity, each Leveraging Lender, any Security Trustee and all of their respective Affiliates, assigns, successors, officers, directors, partners, employees, duly authorized agents, members and managers 
 Sublessor Conditions Precedent means each of the items listed in Part A of Schedule 9 to the Sublease 
 Sublessor Lien means any Lien on the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part or on the Sublease or any interest therein 
 (a) arising from any Loss against Sublessor, Owner Trustee, Beneficiary, or any Indemnitee or any Affiliate of Sublessor, Owner Trustee or Beneficiary that is unrelated to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents 
 (b) arising or attributable to any act, claim, event, condition or circumstance existing prior to the Delivery Date or from any acts or omissions of Sublessor, Owner Trustee, any Indemnitee or Beneficiary, as applicable which is not related to the transactions contemplated by, or is in violation of the terms of, the Transaction Documents 
 (c) arising from Taxes or Loss imposed against Sublessor, Owner Trustee, Beneficiary or any Indemnitee, as applicable, which are not indemnified against by Sublessee pursuant to the Transaction Documents or 
 (d) arising from Taxes or Loss imposed against Sublessor, Owner Trustee, any Indemnitee or Beneficiary, as applicable, arising out of any voluntary or 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 165 

involuntary transfer (other than (i) any transfer pursuant to the exercise of remedies in accordance with Section 19 of the Sublease in connection with an Event of Default that shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) any transfer pursuant to Section 14, 15 or 17 of the Sublease) by Sublessor, Owner Trustee, any Indemnitee or Beneficiary, as applicable, of its respective interest in the Aircraft, any Engine or any Part or any interest arising under the Sublease, including, without limitation, by means of granting a security interest therein, 
 provided that an arrangement expressly permitted by Section 27.5 of the Sublease shall not constitute a Sublessor Lien so long as such arrangement remains compliant with Section 27.5 of the Sublease 
 Sublessor Parent means Amazon.com, Inc. 
 Tax Indemnitee means each of Sublessor, Sublessor Parent, Head Lessor, Owner Trustee, the Beneficiary, and all of their respective assigns, successors, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates, subsidiaries, partners, employees, duly authorized agents, members and managers 
 Tax Indemnitee Controlled Contest has the meaning given in Section 3.1.3 of the Sublease 
 Tax Mitigation Action has the meaning given in Section 3.1.3 of the Sublease 
 Taxes means any and all present and future taxes (including, without limitation, sales, use, business, gross or net income, personal property, license, documentation, transfer, occupational, value added, turnover, excess profits, excise, gross receipts, franchise, stamp, registration and other taxes), levies, imposts, withholdings, fees, assessments, duties and other charges of any nature, and any penalties, fines, additions to tax, interest or other charges related thereto which are imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Entity or other taxing authority in any jurisdiction or by any international or multinational taxing or regulatory authority, and Tax shall be construed accordingly 
 Termination Date means the Scheduled Termination Date or, if earlier (i) the date of any cancellation or termination of the right of Sublessee to lease the Aircraft hereunder pursuant to the provisions of the Sublease (including, without limitation, on the Early Termination Date) or (ii) subject to the provisions of Sections 17.1.1 and 17.2 of the Sublease, the date when Sublessor (or upon its request, Head Lessor) receives the Agreed Value together with any other amounts then due and unpaid under the Sublease following a Total Loss provided that if the Sublease Period is extended pursuant to Section 20.3 of the Sublease, the Termination Date shall be the date on which the Aircraft is redelivered to Sublessor in full compliance with the Sublease 
 TGT Margin means Turbine Gas Temperature Margin and is Rolls-Royce terminology equivalent to EGT Margin 
 Thrust Rating means with respect to an engine (including an Engine) the take-off thrust rating for which such engine is configured for operation 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 166 

Total Loss means any of the following events with respect to the Aircraft (including for the purposes of this definition the Airframe) 
 (a) its agreed, actual, arranged, compromised, or constructive total loss of such item (including any damage to the same which results in an insurance settlement on the basis of a total loss) or 
 (b) the requisition for hire or use of the same by any Governmental Entity that does not constitute the taking of title to the same for a period in excess of nine consecutive months (or, if earlier, the Termination Date) or 
 (c) determination that the same has been destroyed, damaged beyond economic repair or rendered permanently unfit for normal use by an airline for any reason whatsoever or 
 (d) the requisition of title or other compulsory acquisition, condemnation or confiscation for any reason of such item by a Governmental Entity or other competent authority, whether de jure or de facto, but shall exclude requisition for use or hire not involving requisition of title of such item or 
 (e) the hijacking, theft, or disappearance of such item for a period of days or more or 
 (f) the condemnation, confiscation, capture, deprivation, seizure of the same or the deprivation of the possession or use of the same as a result of any law or other action by the Aviation Authority or any Governmental Entity (other than where the same amounts to the circumstances provided in clause 5.3) which deprives any person entitled to have possession or use of the item of its possession or use for more than a period of consecutive days or 
 (g) impairment of Head Lessor's title to an Engine in connection with pooling such Engine or installation of such Engine on another airframe pursuant to Section 15.6.2 or 
 A Total Loss with respect to the Aircraft shall be deemed to have occurred if a Total Loss occurs with respect to the Airframe 
 Total Loss Date means 
 (a) with respect to any Total Loss set forth in paragraph (a) of the definition thereof, the earliest of (i) the date of actual loss (ii) the date on which the loss is agreed, arranged or compromised by the insurers and (iii) days after the date of notice to Sublessee's brokers or insurers claiming the loss 
 (b) with respect to any Total Loss set forth in paragraph (c) or (d) of the definition thereof, the date such event, condition or circumstance occurs or, if such date is not known, the date on which the relevant property was last known to exist and 
 (c) with respect to any Total Loss set forth in paragraph (b), (e) or (f) of the definition thereof, the earlier of (i) the date on which insurers make payment on the basis of a Total Loss and (ii) the expiration of the period described therein 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 167 

Transaction Documents means the Sublease, the ATSA, the Acceptance Certificate, the Sublessee Consent 2 , together with any schedules, exhibits or annexes to any of the foregoing and any side letters, supplements, amendments or modifications to any of the foregoing from time to time 
 Transition means Delivery and or Redelivery, as applicable 
 Transportation Code means that portion of Title 49 of the United States Code comprising those provisions formerly referred to as the Federal Aviation Act of 1958, as amended, or any subsequent legislation that amends, supplements or supersedes such provisions 
 Trust Agreement means the trust agreement entered into, or to be entered into, between UMB Bank, N.A., in its individual capacity, and the Beneficiary 
 Trust Company means (i) UMB Bank, National Association, a national banking association, in its individual capacity, or (ii) if UMB Bank, National Association, a national banking association, is not then serving as the owner trustee under the Trust Agreement, the successor owner trustee in its individual capacity 
 Trust Estate has the meaning given to it in the Trust Agreement 
 TSN means Time Since New meaning the total Flight Hours accumulated on the relevant Aircraft, Airframe, Engine or Part (or any other applicable engine or part) since new manufacture 
 Type Authority means (A) solely in connection with the Redelivery Conditions and with Section 15.1.13 of the Sublease, the authority or agency from time to time responsible for the approval and certification of aircraft and or engine type designs in the State of Design (as such expression is defined in Annex 8 of the Convention on International Civil Aviation) of the Aircraft, which means EASA in respect of the Airframe and EASA in respect of the Engines and (B) in all other instances, the FAA and 
 Wetlease means any arrangement whereby Sublessee agrees to furnish the Aircraft to a third party pursuant to which the Aircraft shall be 
 (a) operated pursuant to Sublessee's air operator's certificate and solely by regular employees of Sublessee possessing all current licences and certificates that are required by applicable law and the Aviation Authority 
 (b) subject to the coverage afforded by the Insurances and 
 (c) maintained by Sublessee in accordance with the Maintenance Programme and the Sublease. 
 1.2 Construction In each Transaction Document, unless the context otherwise requires or it is otherwise expressly provided 
 1.2.1 references to clauses, paragraphs, Sections, Exhibits, Schedules, Annexes and Appendices shall be construed as references to clauses, paragraphs and Sections of and Exhibits, Schedules, Annexes and Appendices to the applicable Transaction Document 
 
 2 NTD To add any Airframe Warranties Agreement or Engine Warranties Agreement that may be applicable. 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 168 

1.2.2 references to this Agreement or to any other document shall include references to the applicable Transaction Document, its Recitals, its Schedules, its Appendices, its Exhibits, its Annexes or to such other document as amended, varied, supplemented, wholly or partially novated, replaced and or restated in any manner from time to time 
 1.2.3 subject to Section 22 of the Sublease, references to any person shall, where relevant, be deemed to be references to or to include, as appropriate, their respective lawful and permitted successors, assigns or transferees 
 1.2.4 references to a person shall include any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, department, association, organisation, institution, authority, trust or agency whether or not having a separate legal personality 
 1.2.5 references to any enactment shall be deemed to include references to such enactment as re-enacted, substituted, amended or extended and any subordinate legislation, rules, regulations or interpretations made under or pursuant to it 
 1.2.6 references to one gender shall include all genders and references to the singular shall include the plural and vice versa 
 1.2.7 references to the assets of any person shall be construed as a reference to the whole or any part of its business, undertaking, property, shareholdings, assets and revenues (including any right to receive revenues and uncalled capital) 
 1.2.8 references to including and in particular shall not be construed restrictively but shall mean including, without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing respectively 
 1.2.9 references to law shall include any present or future common law, statute, statutory instrument, treaty, regulation, directive, judgment, order, decree, other legislative measure, code, circular, notice, demand or injunction 
 1.2.10 references to the Aircraft shall constitute a separate reference to the Airframe, Engines, any Part and any of the Aircraft Documents, as the context may permit 
 1.2.11 headings and sub-headings are inserted for convenience only and shall be ignored in construing any Transaction Document 
 1.2.12 words or expressions defined in a Transaction Document in a clause other than this Annex A shall bear the same meaning throughout such Transaction Document unless otherwise provided in such clause or unless the context otherwise requires 
 1.2.13 no presumption shall arise respecting the interpretation of a Transaction Document due to the identity of the person who prepared such Transaction Document 
 Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 169 

1.2.14 references to a manual issued by the Airframe Manufacturer shall be deemed to include reference to any applicable P2F Supplement issued by the P2F Converter in respect of any P2F Affected Area and references to recommendations or approvals of the Airframe Manufacturer shall be deemed a reference to recommendation or approval (as applicable) of the P2F Converter in respect of any P2F Affected Area 
 1.2.15 references to approval by an airworthiness authority (the Aviation Authority, the Type Authority, EASA or the FAA) shall mean either (i) direct approval by such authority, or (ii) approval by an entity approved by such authority to grant the relevant approval, or (iii) approval by such authority conferred pursuant to a published order of such authority, or (iv) approval based on a procedure approved by such authority, or (v) approval by such authority conferred by a relevant bilateral agreement and 
 1.2.16 references to an accident or incident are intended to refer to accidents or serious incidents as would be defined by Annex 13 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation (but without regard to whether or not any person was on board at the time of such accident or incident) causing actual damage to the Aircraft, the Airframe, an Engine, a Part, a Replacement Engine or a replacement part, which would prevent Sublessee or any other person having adequate knowledge and acting reasonably from issuing an Accident Incident Statement of the type referenced in item C01 of Schedule 3 to the Sublease indicating that such Aircraft, Airframe, Engine, Part, Replacement Engine or replacement part, as applicable, has not been involved in any accident or incident during the applicable period of operation unless its airworthiness status was re-established by an approved maintenance organization in accordance with the applicable airworthiness regulations and instructions of the relevant type certificate holder and or supplemental type certificate holder and or Manufacturer, and supported by an authorized airworthiness release certificate. 

Sublease Agreement (MSN __ 
 Page 170 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a10k2022exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF HAWAIIAN HOLDINGS, INC. 

Hawaiian Airlines, Inc. 
 Hawaiian Airlines Foundation 
 Hawaiian Finance 1, Ltd. 
 Hawaiian Finance 2, Ltd. 
 Hawaiian Brand Intellectual Property, Ltd. (Cayman Island exempted company) 
 HawaiianMiles Loyalty, Ltd. (Cayman Island exempted company) 
 Hawaiian Gifts, LLC 
 Airlines Contract Maintenance and Equipment, Inc. 
 Aviation Legacy, LLC 
 HA 3049 Ualena Street, LLC 
 Elliott Street Holdings, Inc. 
 Aviation Legacy, LLC 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a10k2022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-127731), 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-127732), 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-172356), 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-204383), 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-242409), 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-268473) 
 of our reports dated February 15, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s ERNST & YOUNG LLP 
 Honolulu, Hawai'i 
 February 15, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a10k2022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Peter R. Ingram, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s PETER R. INGRAM Peter R. Ingram President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a10k2022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Shannon L. Okinaka, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s SHANNON L. OKINAKA Shannon L. Okinaka 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a10k2022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Peter R. Ingram, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s PETER R. INGRAM Peter R. Ingram 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a10k2022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (the Company) for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Shannon L. Okinaka, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 15, 2023 By s SHANNON L. OKINAKA Shannon L. Okinaka 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ha-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ha-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ha-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ha-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ha-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

