<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1880319_0001880319-23-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22371341</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524827</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2975248</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8892875</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4880367</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4684618</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001880319-23-000026.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301173140
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001880319-23-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		141
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Perimeter Solutions, SA
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001880319
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CHEMICALS & ALLIED PRODUCTS [2800]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			N4
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41027
		FILM NUMBER:		23695245

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12E RUE GUILLAUME KROLL, L-1882
		CITY:			LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			L-1882
		BUSINESS PHONE:		000-000-0000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12E RUE GUILLAUME KROLL, L-1882
		CITY:			LUXEMBOURG
		STATE:			N4
		ZIP:			L-1882

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001880319-23-000026.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 prm-20221231.htm
 10-K

prm-20221231 
 
 T able of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 
 _______________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 
 _________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 
 352 2668 62-1 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 OTC Markets Group Inc. 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sale price of the ordinary shares on the New York Stock Exchange as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were ordinary shares, nominal value 1.00 per share, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

T able of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 8 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 42 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 45 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 63 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 128 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 129 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 130 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 130 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 131 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 131 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 131 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 131 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 131 
 PART IV 
 132 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 132 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 132 
 
 2 

T able of Contents 

 EXPLANATORY NOTE RESTATEMENT OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 In connection with preparing the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Annual Report we determined that: 
 the technical requirements under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation for establishing a grant date on the date when performance-based non-qualified stock options ("PBNQSO") were awarded to employees and non-employees were not met since a mutual understanding of the terms and conditions did not exist as our compensation committee has the ability to adjust, at its discretion, how the annual operational performance per diluted share AOP against the performance target will be measured. Consequently, the service inception date of these PBNQSO precedes the grant date and we should have recognized compensation expense beginning on the service inception date and remeasured the fair value of the PBNQSO at the end of each reporting period until a grant date is established. Under the previously applied accounting treatment, we recorded compensation costs based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model (the Stock Options Error and 
 the amortization of the step-up in basis of inventory, which is a non-cash adjustment to inventory cost established at the time of Business Combination (as defined below) was understated during the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (the Inventory Amortization Error ). 
 Management evaluated the effect of the Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error on our previously issued consolidated financial statements under ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections , Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, Materiality , and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements and concluded that: 
 the Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error were material to the previously issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarterly and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2022 September 2022 Quarter and June 30, 2022 June 2022 Quarter ), and, as a result, such unaudited financial statements should be restated; 
 Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error were immaterial to the previously issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 March 2022 Quarter ), and, as a result, such unaudited financial statements should be revised. 
 Inventory Amortization Error was immaterial to the previously issued audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021 and for the period from November 9, 2021 through December 2021 December 2021 Period ), and, as a result, such financial statements should be revised. 
 This Annual Report includes (1) unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the September 2022 Quarter and the June 2022 Quarter with modifications as necessary to reflect the restatement, (2) unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the March 2022 Quarter with modifications as necessary to reflect revisions for correcting immaterial errors and (3) consolidated financial statements for the December 2021 Period with modifications as necessary to reflect revisions for correcting an immaterial error to the following items: Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 We do not plan to amend previously issued September 2022 Quarter and June 2022 Quarter quarterly reports in connection with the restatement. Accordingly, investors should no longer rely upon our previously released financial statements and any earnings releases or other financial communications relating to this period. The condensed consolidated financial statements that have been previously filed or otherwise reported for this period are superseded by the information in this Annual Report. Unless otherwise stated, all financial and accounting information contained in this Annual Report has been revised to reflect the corrected presentation. 
 In connection with the restatement, management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, resulting in the conclusion by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Management is taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 
 3 

T able of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. When used in this report, the words believe, may, could, will, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, indicate, seek, should, would, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, though not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements about the following matters: 
 our expectations regarding the impact of the novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19 COVID-19 pandemic on our business; 
 our expectations regarding the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on our business; 
 future financial performance, including any growth or expansion plans and opportunities; 
 our ability to expand our fire safety business; 
 our beliefs regarding certain growth drivers in our fire safety business; 
 our ability to grow long-term value through, among other things, the continuing performance improvement of our existing operations, execution of a disciplined capital allocation and management of our capital structure; 
 our expectations regarding future capital expenditures; 
 cash flow projections; 
 our ability to maintain a leadership position in any market; 
 expectations concerning sources of revenue; 
 expectations about demand for fire retardant products, equipment and services; 
 the size of the markets we compete in and potential opportunities in such markets or new markets; 
 expectations concerning certain of our products ability to protect life and property as population settlement locations change; 
 expectations concerning the markets in which we will operate in the coming years, overall economic conditions and disruptive weather events; 
 expectations concerning repurchases of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) under the Share Repurchase Plan (as defined below); 
 our beliefs regarding the sufficiency of our current sources of liquidity to fund our future liquidity requirements, our expectations regarding the types of future liquidity requirements and our expectations regarding the availability of future sources of liquidity; 
 our expectations and beliefs regarding accounting and tax matters; and 
 the expected outcome of litigation matters and the effect of such claims on business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Annual Report, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to those summarized below: 
 the direct and indirect adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy and the related governmental regulations and restrictions; 
 the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on the global economy and our business; 
 negative or uncertain worldwide economic conditions; 
 4 

T able of Contents 

 volatility, seasonality and cyclicality in the industries in which we operate; 
 our ability to realize the strategic and financial benefits of the Business Combination (as defined below) ; 
 our substantial dependence on sales to the U.S. Department of Agriculture USDA Forest Service and the state of California and the risk of decreased sales to these customers; 
 changes in the regulation of the petrochemical industry, a downturn in the lubricant additives and/or fire retardant end markets or our failure to accurately predict the frequency, duration, timing, and severity of changes in demand in such markets; 
 changes in customer relations or service levels; 
 a small number of our customers represent a significant portion of our revenue; 
 failure to continuously innovate and to provide products that gain market acceptance, which may cause us to be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers; 
 improper conduct of, or use of our products, by employees, agents, government contractors or collaborators; 
 changes in the availability of products from our suppliers on a long-term basis; 
 production interruptions or shutdowns, which could increase our operating or capital expenditures or negatively impact the supply of our products resulting in reduced sales; 
 changes in the availability of third-party logistics suppliers for distribution, storage and transportation; 
 increases in supply and raw material costs, supply shortages, long lead times for components or supply changes; 
 adverse effects on the demand for our products or services due to the seasonal or cyclical nature of our business or severe weather events; 
 introduction of new products, which are considered preferable, which could cause demand for some of our products to be reduced or eliminated; 
 current ongoing and future litigation, including multi-district litigation and other legal proceedings; 
 heightened liability and reputational risks due to certain of our products being provided to emergency services personnel and their use to protect lives and property; 
 future products liabilities claims where indemnity and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these claims due to the fact that some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences; 
 compliance with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations; 
 environmental impacts and side effects of our products, which could have adverse consequences for our business; 
 compliance with environmental laws and regulations; 
 our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and know-how; 
 our ability to generate the funds required to service our debt and finance our operations; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange; 
 potential impairments or write-offs of certain assets; 
 the adequacy of our insurance coverage; and 
 challenges to our decisions and assumptions in assessing and complying with our tax obligations. 
 For additional information regarding known material factors that could cause our actual results to differ from our projected results, please read (1) Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report; (2) our reports and registration statements filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and (3) other public announcements we make from time to time. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

5 

T able of Contents 

 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS 
 Our business is subject to varying degrees of risk and uncertainty. Below is a summary of the principal risk factors that may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties summarized below along with additional discussion of such summarized risks under the heading Risk Factors herein, together with other information in this Annual Report and our other filings with the SEC. 
 Risks Related Our Business and Industry 
 demand for our products is impacted by a number of factors outside of our control; 
 a small number of our customers represent a significant portion of our revenue; 
 as a supplier and service provider to the U.S. government and many foreign governments, states, and municipalities, we are subject to certain heightened risks; 
 our profitability could be negatively impacted by price and inventory risk; 
 inflation could adversely affect our business and results of operations; 
 risks from the improper conduct of, or use of our products, by employees, agents, government contractors, or collaborators could adversely affect our reputation; 
 risks related to purchasing products from our suppliers on a long-term basis and production interruptions or shutdowns; 
 reliance on third-party logistics suppliers for distribution, storage, transportation, operating supplies and products; 
 we are susceptible to supply and raw material cost increases, supply shortages, long lead times, and supply changes; 
 if we fail to continuously innovate and to provide products that gain market acceptance, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers; 
 the seasonal or cyclical nature of our business and severe weather events may cause demand for our products and services to be adversely affected; 
 our industry and the markets in which we operate have few large competitors and increased competitive pressures; 
 our competitive position could be adversely affected if we fail to protect our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights, if our patents expire or if we become subject to infringement claims; 
 risks inherent in our global operations; 
 we may fail to realize the strategic and financial benefits currently anticipated from the Business Combination (as defined below); 
 subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination (as defined below), we may be required to take write-downs or be subject to restructuring, impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our business and financial condition as well as the price of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below), which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment; 
 our substantial indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business; 
 terms of our indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities; 
 we may incur substantial additional indebtedness; 
 an increase in interest rates would increase the costs on our revolving credit facility and on our variable rate indebtedness; 
 our business may be negatively impacted as a result of Russian actions in Ukraine. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 risks related to litigation by customers, suppliers and other third parties, including multi-district litigation and other legal proceedings; 
 certain of our products are provided to emergency services personnel and are intended to protect lives and property, so we are subject to heightened liability and reputational risks; 
 some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences and we are and may be subject in the future to product liability claims, and indemnity and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover these claims; 
 risks related to non-compliance with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and similar anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws, environmental laws and laws and regulations related to PFAS (as defined below); 
 our contracts with the federal or state governments subject us to additional oversight and risks; 
 our products are subject to extensive government scrutiny and regulation, including the USDA Forest Service qualification process; 
 environmental laws and regulations may subject us to significant liabilities; 
 legal and regulatory claims, investigations and proceedings may be initiated against us in the ordinary course of business. 
 6 

T able of Contents 

 Risks Related to Operating as a Public Company 
 our management has limited experience in operating a public company; 
 the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention; 
 we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting which we may not successfully remediate or fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
 our results of operations may differ significantly from the unaudited pro forma financial data included in the registration statement filed in connection with the Business Combination (as defined below); 
 if the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts or a market for our securities does not continue, it would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities; 
 if analysts do not publish data about us or change their opinion regarding our business, then the price and trading volume of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) or Warrants (as defined below) could decline; 
 there are risks for any holders of our Warrants (as defined below); 
 EverArc Founders (as defined below) may have interests that are different than the interests of our shareholders; 
 payment of fees in cash pursuant to the advisory agreement entered into by EverArc (as defined below) on December 12, 2019 ("Founder Advisory Agreement") with EverArc Founders, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("EverArc Founder Entity") which is owned and operated by William N. Thorndike, Jr., W. Nicholas Howley, Tracy Britt Cool, Vivek Raj and Haitham Khouri collectively the "EverArc Founders") could reduce cash available for investment, working capital and distribution to shareholders; it being noted that the Founder Advisory Agreement has been assigned to PSSA (as defined below) on November 9, 2021, pursuant to an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by PSSA (as defined below), EverArc (as defined below) and the EverArc Founder Entity; 
 shareholders will experience dilution as a consequence of the issuance of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) as payment for annual Founder Advisory Agreement fees; 
 if we terminate the Founder Advisory Agreement under certain circumstances, we have to pay a significant termination fee. 
 Risks Related to Investment in a Luxembourg Company 
 we are organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be difficult for you to obtain or enforce judgments or bring original actions against PSSA (as defined below) or the members of its board of directors (the Board in the U.S.; 
 Luxembourg and European insolvency and bankruptcy laws are substantially different from U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws and may offer PSSA s shareholders less protection than they would have under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws; 
 the rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights they would have as shareholders of a U.S. corporation, which could adversely impact trading in our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) and its ability to conduct equity financings. 
 Risks Related to Taxes 
 if we are or become a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, U.S. Holders of our Ordinary Shares (as defined below) or Warrants (as defined below) could be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences; 
 if a United States person is treated as owning at least 10 of our Ordinary Shares, such person may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences; 
 changes in tax laws, including the Inflation Reduction Act IRA ), may materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 General Risks 
 we may require additional capital to fund our operations; 
 cybersecurity attack, acts of cyber-terrorism, failure of technology systems and other disruptions to our information technology systems may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 our insurance may not fully cover all of our risks; 
 we are subject to general governmental regulation and other legal obligations, including those related to privacy, data protection and information security; 
 the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 the loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully. 

7 

T able of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA, PSSA ), a public company limited by shares soci t anonyme registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register Registre de Commerce et des Soci t s, Luxembourg under number B256.548 was incorporated on June 21, 2021 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purpose of effecting a business combination. PSSA is headquartered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with global operations in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. 
 On November 9, 2021 (the "Closing Date"), PSSA consummated the transactions contemplated by the business combination (the Business Combination with EverArc Holdings Limited, a company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability in the British Virgin Islands and the former parent company of PSSA ("EverArc"), SK Invictus Holdings, S. r.l., a limited liability company soci t responsabilit limit e governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("SK Holdings"), SK Invictus Intermediate S. r.l., a limited liability company soci t responsabilit limit e governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("SK Intermediate"), doing business under the name Perimeter Solutions ("Perimeter" or "Perimeter Solutions") and EverArc (BVI) Merger Sub Limited, a company limited by shares incorporated with limited liability in the British Virgin Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSA ("Merger Sub") pursuant to a business combination agreement (the Business Combination Agreement dated June 15, 2021. The terms we , us , our , and the Company refer to PSSA and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Perimeter, after the closing of the Business Combination (the Closing ). 
 Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, 
 On November 8, 2021: 
 Merger Sub merged with and into EverArc, with EverArc surviving such merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSA (the Merger 
 pursuant to the Merger, 155,832,600 ordinary shares of EverArc (the EverArc Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger were exchanged for ordinary shares of PSSA (the Ordinary Shares and 
 34,020,000 outstanding warrants of EverArc EverArc Warrants ), in each case, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-fourth of one EverArc Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 12.00 per whole EverArc Ordinary Share, were converted into the right to purchase Ordinary Shares on substantially the same terms as the EverArc Warrants (the Warrants and 
 On November 9, 2021: 
 SK Holdings (i) along with officers and certain key employees of SK Intermediate contributed a portion of their ordinary shares in SK Intermediate to PSSA in exchange for preferred shares of PSSA and (ii) sold its remaining ordinary shares in SK Intermediate to PSSA for cash; and 
 the Ordinary Shares were listed and began trading on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "PRM." 
 On November 8, 2021, pursuant to separate subscription agreements (collectively, the Subscription Agreements entered into among EverArc, SK Holdings, PSSA and a number of institutional investors, investors affiliated with SK Holdings and individual accredited investors purchased an aggregate of 115,000,000 EverArc Ordinary Shares at 10.00 per share (collectively, the EverArc Subscribers that were converted into Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Merger. In addition, on November 9, 2021, (1) members of management of SK Intermediate (collectively, the Management Subscribers and together with the EverArc Subscribers, the PIPE Subscribers were granted an aggregate of 1,104,810 Ordinary Shares at 10.00 per share as consideration and (2) two of our directors (the Director Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 200,000 Ordinary Shares (the Director Shares at 10.00 per share. 
 The cash consideration for the Business Combination was funded through cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of the EverArc Ordinary Shares to the EverArc Subscribers, proceeds from the issuance of 675.0 million principal amount of 5.00 senior secured notes due 2029 (the Senior Notes and 40.0 million in borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 8 

T able of Contents 

 In connection with the Business Combination, the Merger was accounted for as a common control transaction, where substantially all of the net assets of PSSA were those previously held by EverArc. Upon the acquisition of SK Intermediate, PSSA was determined to be the legal and accounting acquirer (the Successor and SK Intermediate was deemed to be the accounting predecessor (the Predecessor ). The business combination with SK Intermediate was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and the Successor financial statements reflect a new basis of accounting based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. As a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting, our consolidated financial statements and certain presentations are separated into two distinct periods to indicate the different ownership and accounting basis between the periods presented. 
 We are a global solutions provider for the fire safety and specialty products industries. Our fire safety business is a formulator and manufacturer of fire management products that help our customers combat various types of fires, including wildland, structural, flammable liquids and other types of fires. Our fire safety business also offers specialized equipment and services, typically in conjunction with our fire management products to support firefighting operations. Our service network can meet the emergency resupply needs of over 150 air tanker bases in North America, as well as many other customer locations globally. Our specialty products (formerly oil additives) business produces and sells high quality Phosphorus Pentasulfide ("P 2 S 5 ") primarily used in the preparation of lubricant additives, including a family of compounds called Zinc Dialkyldithiophosphates ZDDP that provide critical anti-wear protection to engine components. We conduct our operations globally, with approximately 74 of our annual revenues derived in the United States, approximately 15 in Europe, approximately 5 in Canada and approximately 2 in Mexico, with and the remaining approximately 4 spread across various other countries. 
 Segments 
 Our business is organized and managed in two reporting segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products (formerly Oil Additives). 
 Fire Safety Segment 
 The Fire Safety segment provides fire retardants and firefighting foams, as well as specialized equipment and services typically offered in conjunction with our retardant and foam products. 
 Fire Retardants 
 Our fire retardants help slow, stop and prevent wildfires by chemically altering fuels (e.g., vegetation) and rendering them non-flammable. Fire retardant is typically applied ahead of an active wildland fire to stop or slow its spread, in order to allow ground-based firefighters to safely extinguish the fire. Retardants can be applied aerially via fixed or rotor wing aircraft, or by ground using standard fire engines or our dedicated ground-applied retardant units. All of our products have a high level of retardant effectiveness, and differences in visibility, viscosity, adherence to vegetation, and persistence through weathering. 
 Our fire retardant customers are typically government agencies with responsibility for protecting both government and private land, although we also serve commercial customers. We supply federal, state, provincial, local/municipal, and commercial customers around the world, including in the United States, Canada, France, Spain, Italy, Chile, Australia and Israel. We are a supplier of USDA Forest Service qualified fire retardant a standard that many countries have adopted for ensuring fire retardant is effective, safe and environmentally friendly. 
 While fire retardant is primarily used to stop or slow the spread of active wildland fires, our fire retardant is also increasingly utilized in a preventative capacity. We are expanding our offerings to several high hazard industries. Wildfires ignited by utilities have turned into some of the most devastating wildfires in U.S. history, many of which have occurred in recent years. Western U.S. states in particular are becoming increasingly diligent in wildfire prevention efforts and increasing their investments to prevent wildfire risk. 
 We are focused on being an innovation leader in fire retardant, driving continuous improvements in product performance to offer increasing value for our customers. We have made significant enhancements in safety, environmental stewardship and effectiveness, as well as advancements in visibility and aerial drop performance. Working in partnership with the USDA Forest Service wildland fire chemicals group to characterize and develop new products, we consistently release new standard-setting products, including the Phos-Chek Fx family of ultra-high visibility fugitive-colored products, Phos-Chek LCE20-Fx next generation liquid concentrate, which combines high performance with improved 
 9 

T able of Contents 

 environmental performance, and Phos-Chek Fortify durable retardant, which can offer long-term protection until a significant rainfall event. 
 Firefighting Foams 
 We offer a comprehensive and effective line of firefighting foam, including Class A, Class B, Class A/B, and training foams. 
 Class A foam is primarily used to combat structural fires. Class A foam is specially formulated to make water more effective for structural fire suppression. The surfactants in Class A foam significantly reduce water s surface tension, and, when mixed with air, create a foam blanket that surrounds fuels. The foam blanket creates a barrier between the fuel and the fire, knocking down the fire faster than water alone, and allowing fire fighters to see the areas of application. Utilizing Class A foam reduces the amount of water needed to extinguish the fire, reduces water damage, and increases firefighter safety through quicker knockdown and reduced mop-up/overhaul requirements. Perimeter s Class A foam products are used by wildland firefighters to suppress wildland fires and are typically applied from various fixed wing air tankers, helicopters equipped with fixed tanks or buckets, standard fire engines or rapid attack brush trucks, or 5-gallon backpacks. In addition to wildfire suppression, Class A foam products are used by municipal and rural fire departments as a water enhancer to combat structural and other fires. 
 Class B foam is primarily used to combat flammable and combustible liquids. Fires caused by flammable and combustible liquids require foams designed for rapid extinguishment and a secure foam blanket to prevent reignition. The foam blanket must have good burn back resistance and strong integrity to minimize the spread of the fire from areas where the blanket has been compromised, for example by falling debris or the dragging of a fire hose or other equipment through the foam blanket. Our Class B foam products are primarily used by industrial customers with significant amounts of flammable and combustible liquids on-site, including petrochemical facilities, airports and other aviation and aerospace facilities, various military and defense facilities, and other industrial and commercial facilities. 
 Class A/B foam is a foam listed to fight both Class A (structural) fires and Class B (flammable liquid) fires. Our Class A/B foam products are primarily used by municipal fire departments. Training foam has similar characteristics to Class A and B foams but does not include active ingredients and has a shorter drain time so successive tests can be run without waiting for the foam to disappear. Training foam is used for training and exhibition purposes as well as in the evaluation of foam equipment. 
 We believe that we are an innovation leader in foams. Our Class B foams either use only C6 fluorosurfactant or are fluorine free . We offer several ground-breaking fluorine free firefighting foam formulations to aid the industry transition to reduce or eliminate the use of firefighting foams that contain Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances PFAS in favor of fluorine-free foams. Our products are ahead of the curve on many fronts including fire control performance, reduced viscosity, drainage time and higher stability. 
 Custom Equipment and Services 
 We offer a broad range of equipment and services to support live firefighting operations within our retardant and foam business lines. Our equipment and services are typically purchased and utilized in conjunction with our retardant or foam products and are often priced in a single bundle along with these products. 
 Custom equipment includes specialized air base retardant storage, mixing, and delivery equipment; mobile retardant bases; retardant ground application units; and mobile foam equipment. We also have the capability to design and manufacture highly custom equipment that operates at very high throughput and reliability levels, including equipment used to support emergency air tanker base and ground crew operations, as well as custom fire suppressant systems for stationary or portable operations typically used at industrial locations or for supporting municipality firefighting capabilities. 
 Custom services include design, construction, and installation of specialized air base retardant equipment, management and staffing of air base retardant operations, and management of air base supply and replenishment services. We have a broad service capability footprint, with full-service operations in over 50 United States and Canadian air bases, and equipment at over 100 bases globally. 
 10 

T able of Contents 

 Specialty Products Segment 
 In June 2022, the Oil Additives segment, which produces and sells P 2 S 5 , was renamed the Specialty Products segment to better reflect the current and expanding applications for P 2 S 5 in several end markets and applications, including lubricant additives, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the lubricant additive end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. In addition, ZDDP inhibits oxidation of engine oil by scavenging free radicals that initiate oil breakdown and sludge formation, resulting in better and longer engine function. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. We offer several grades of P 2 S 5 with varying degrees of phosphorus content, particle size, distribution, and reactivity to global customers. The P 2 S 5 production process requires a high degree of technical expertise given the reactivity and need for safe transportation and handling. We are committed to being a technology and safety leader, with strong product stewardship and a strong safety track-record. We also conduct regular customer visits and provide extensive technical training to ensure customers are committed to operating safely. 
 We are focused on being an innovation leader in the specialty products market. Most recently, we engineered and patented superior storage and handling equipment to safely and efficiently handle and transport P 2 S 5 with lower cost and maintenance requirements. 
 Key Market Drivers 
 There are several key market drivers for our business in the Fire Safety and Specialty Products segments. 
 Higher Acres Burned and Longer Fire Seasons 
 The USDA Forest Service data of the last 39 years shows that the acreage burned in the United States has increased over time. While there is variability in the acreage burned in any given year, the five-year trailing average of acres burned in the United States has increased from a five-year trailing average of 3.3 million acres burned in 1997, to a five-year trailing average of 7.6 million acres burned in 2022. The year 2020 was the most intense fire year recorded in U.S. history with over 10 million acres burned. The U.S. fire season is also lengthening on a consistent basis according to a 2016 report published by Climate Central, the U.S. fire season is on average 105 days longer than it was in 1970. Climate Central also reported that the average number of large fires (larger than 1,000 acres) burning each year had tripled between the period of 1970s to 2010s, and the acres burned by such fires showed a six-fold increase in the 2010s compared to the 1970s. If acreage burned continues to increase and the fire season continues to lengthen, we expect the demand and usage of fire retardant to increase. 
 Increasing Wildland Urban Interfaces 
 Urban development is pushing farther out of cities and into the wilderness for both primary and secondary residences. For example, according to Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America PNAS ), the Wildland-Urban Interface WUI ), an area where houses and wildland vegetation meet and intermingle, grew rapidly from 1990 to 2010 in terms of both number of new houses and land area, such that it was the fastest-growing land use type in the conterminous United States, with 97 of that growth the result of new housing. As of 2018, the WUI now includes one-third of all homes in the United States although it occupies less than one-tenth of the land area in the U.S. According to PNAS, when homes are built in the WUI, there will be more wildfires due to human ignitions, and wildfires that occur will pose a greater risk to lives and homes, they will be hard to fight, and letting natural fires burn becomes impossible. As the WUI expands and the number of homes at risk from wildland fires increases, we expect the use of retardant to protect property and life from threatening wildfires to increase. 
 Increasing Firefighting Aircraft Capacity and Usage 
 The size and capacity of the firefighting aircraft fleet is a key driver of the amount of fire retardant consumed annually, as demand for retardant typically outpaces available aircraft capacity, as evidenced by data regarding unable to fill aerial firefighting requests published by the National Interagency Fire Center. Since 2010, U.S. aircraft capacity increased significantly and is expected to further increase. Increasing air tanker capacity and modernization is a global trend, with more, larger, and more sophisticated tankers are being used in various parts of the world. 
 11 

T able of Contents 

 Value-Based and Dynamic Pricing Model Protects Attractive Margins 
 We believe that our comprehensive and closely intertwined product, equipment, and service offering (described above) provides tremendous value to our customers and serves as an important differentiator and margin enhancement tool. Furthermore, we are able to structure tiered pricing and annual pricing escalators with key customers, allowing the business to cover a portion of certain fixed costs in lower-volume years and protect margins over time. 
 Comprehensive Product Offering 
 We are a full-service turnkey supplier to many of our key customers. In the Fire Safety segment, in addition to providing fire retardant, we also provide specialized air base equipment including storage, mixing and loading equipment, as well as the air base management and training services necessary for land and aerial wildland firefighting. Our supply chain network also provides a critical service to our customers we are able to deliver retardant within hours to over 150 air tanker bases in North America, often in emergency situations as our customers are fighting active and threatening wildfires. 
 In the Specialty Products segment, our competitive advantage is based primarily on our long-standing record of reliability and customer support, our global supply capability for critical, high quality raw materials, and our technical expertise to handle and transport hazardous products and manage complex logistics. We have the largest fleet of specialized tote bins in the world that utilize patented technology to ensure safe handling and transport of P 2 S 5 . 
 Move toward Fluorine Free Firefighting Foams 
 There is an accelerating transition in the fire suppression market towards products that do not contain intentionally added PFAS. We expect Fluorine-Free Foams FFF to account for a growing percentage of the firefighting foam market over the next several years. We are positioned to be one of the key players in the FFF market. For example, we introduced SOLBERG AVIGARD 3B and 6B for the aviation market, SOLBERG VERSAGARD AS-100 for use wherever flammable and combustible liquids are stored, transported, or processed, SOLBERG VERSAGARD 1x3 FFF, the first 1x3 FFF, on the market for the emergency response, and SOLBERG RE-HEALING SP-100 for sprinkler applications, with the latter being the latest addition to the most comprehensive FFF platform in the market. We expect to continue to invest to advance fluorine-free foam technology, enhance our third-party certifications like Underwriters Laboratory UL162, Factory Mutual (FM5130), and EN1568 for our FFF and equipment providing innovative, sustainable solutions protecting people, property, assets and ensuring business continuity for our customers. 
 We are also in a unique position to assist customers in their transitions to FFF. We provide a variety of specialized equipment to customers, including fire suppression system components used in conjunction with our fluorine free offerings. We are also experienced in transition activities, including advising on system modifications associated with transition to fluorine free solutions, as well as performance testing to verify compliance with national and industry standards for new fluorine-free systems. For example, in the past, we have assisted Brisbane Airport (Australia), Schiphol Airport (Netherlands) and Transport Canada in their respective transitions to fluorine-free foams and systems. 
 Growth in Miles Driven, Opportunities in Secondary Markets 
 Within the lubricant additive end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils. The consumption of ZDDP and other lubricant additives is driven by the social and economic trends globally of increased vehicle production and miles driven. Over the past 30 years, the number of global miles driven has increased resulting in more engine wear and tear and increased demand for motor oil. Secondary markets for P 2 S 5 include agricultural applications in the production of intermediates for pesticides and insecticides, flotation chemistry in the mining industry, and for hydraulic and cutting fluids. A significant development opportunity exists for P 2 S 5 in the emerging technology of lithium sulfide solid state electrolytes used in batteries for the electric vehicle market. 
 Nighttime Retardant Operations Opportunity 
 Nighttime retardant operations represent a significant expansion in the wildfire business and has been studied for several years , but has been limited to water. In 2021, a cooperative initiative among California counties, a helicopter company and the Company was created to provide limited retardant support for night operations. If the nighttime operations program is continued and expanded, this could add materially to our revenues. 
 12 

T able of Contents 

 Manufacturing Capabilities 
 
 Fire Retardant 
 Our primary fire retardant production facility is located at Rancho Cucamonga, California. Our Rancho Cucamonga location was opened in 2013, and has over 100,000 square feet of manufacturing, storage, office and laboratory space. The facility is located close to major air bases in southern California, including San Bernardino air base, one of USDA Forest Service s highest volume air bases. The facility houses a modern laboratory, including a burn chamber, which has produced significant technical improvements to our fire retardant products, a number of which have been included in our newest product offerings. 
 In addition to our Rancho Cucamonga facility, we have fire retardant production capability at two Canadian plants, one in Kamloops , British Columbia, and the other in Sturgeon County, Alberta. These sites manufacture Phos-Chek LC95A products for sale to Canadian customers. Our production facility in Aix-En-Provence, France, provides fire retardant to our European Union EU and Israeli customers, while our New South Wales, Australia, facility has repackaging and storing capability to serve our Australian customers. 
 We also utilize third party tolling and/or manufacturing locations in Moreland, Idaho and in Pasco, Washington. These facilities are located in close proximity to major USDA Forest Service air bases in the Northwest. 
 We utilize other tolling and warehouse facilities in strategic locations throughout North America to facilitate rapid shipment of products to our customers. Our retardant products are typically shipped and delivered within hours to any air base or customer location in North America. 
 Firefighting Foams 
 We produce firefighting foam products in Green Bay, Wisconsin and Mieres, Spain. Our Green Bay, Wisconsin facility was acquired in 2019 from Amerex Corporation Amerex ), and produces Class A and Class B foams. Our Mieres, Spain, facility also produces Class A and Class B foams. Both facilities have significant research and development capabilities and live fire testing capabilities. We have firefighting foam equipment manufacturing capabilities at our Post Falls, Idaho facility as well as at our tolling facility in Port Arthur, Texas. 
 13 

T able of Contents 

 Specialty Products 
 We have two key P 2 S 5 production facilities. One is a tolling facility in Sauget, Illinois, operated by Flexsys Chemical Company, that primarily serves our customers in North America. The other facility is located in Knapsack Chemical Park in Hurth, Germany, and serves our customers outside North America. 
 Intellectual Property Portfolio 
 Our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business, and we rely on copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets , non-disclosure agreements and electronic and physical security measures to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We intend to continue to pursue additional intellectual property protection on product and equipment enhancements to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our intellectual property portfolio consisted of the following: 
 for the Fire Safety business, 11 owned U.S. patents, of which we expect 2 to expire in 5 years or less and 9 to expire in more than 5 years, and 33 owned foreign counterpart patents in certain foreign jurisdictions, of which we expect 16 to expire in 5 years or less and 17 to expire in more than 5 years, and 
 for the Specialty Products business, 2 owned U.S. patents we expect to expire in 15 or more years. All of our patents and trademarks are registered or pending approval with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in select international offices. 
 Our patent portfolio covers 20 countries and the protection is focused on key retardant technology and advancements, including corrosion inhibitors, fugitive color systems and liquid fire retardant compositions and improvements in firefighting foam compositions. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Consistent with our overall strategy, our sales and marketing effort aims to continually develop technical solutions that meet customer needs. During the third quarter of 2022, we structured our sales efforts in accordance with our business units, which, in-turn, align around our key product offerings and geographies. Each business unit has a business unit manager, who is responsible for achieving targeted financial and operational results, including the business unit s sales and marketing efforts. 
 Customers 
 The markets in which we sell our products are, to varying degrees, cyclical and have experienced upswings and downturns. The following provides insight into the types of customers utilizing our various products, including our most significant customers. 
 Fire Retardant 
 Fire retardant customers are typically government agencies, with responsibility for protecting both government and private land , although we also serve commercial customers. We supply federal, state, provincial, local/municipal, and commercial customers around the world. We work diligently to build relationships with our customers and stakeholders, and we develop and enhance products and solutions in a highly collaborative manner with our key customers and stakeholders. We provide our retardants in various colors, forms (i.e., liquid or powder concentrates) and for various delivery methods (i.e., fixed wing aircraft, rotor wing aircraft, ground applied, etc.). We expect the demand for our retardant products, equipment, and services to grow, and we expect to continue to foster highly responsive and collaborative relationships with existing and potential customers and stakeholders. 
 Firefighting Foams 
 Our Class A foam customers primarily consist of local fire departments, which utilize our products for wildland and structural firefighting. Our Class B foam customers primarily consist of industrial, aviation, and military customers which store and utilize flammable liquids on-site. Our customers in the market for Class A/B foam primarily consist of municipal fire departments. We utilize a traditional sales force in marketing these products and seek to building lasting relationships with our customers. 
 14 

T able of Contents 

 Specialty Products 
 Our Specialty Products segment consists of several key global customers in the oil additives, agricultural, mineral extraction and emerging electric battery technologies markets. Given the consolidated nature of this business, our focus is on maintaining our existing customers, expanding their utilization of our products and services and growing our business in the emerging technologies markets. 
 Significant Customers 
 For fiscal year 2022, our two largest customers, the USDA Forest Service and Afton Chemical accounted for 27 and 12 of our consolidated revenues, respectively. These are the only customers that individually represent more than 10 of our 2022 consolidated revenues. This customer concentration makes us subject to the risk of nonpayment, nonperformance, re-negotiation of terms or non-renewal by these major customers under our commercial agreements. As a supplier and service provider to the U.S. government, we are subject to certain heightened risks, such as those associated with the government s rights to audit and conduct investigations and with its rights to terminate contracts for convenience or default. The loss of these customers would likely have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Competition 
 Fire Retardant 
 Sales of fire retardant, and related equipment and services, accounted for 78 of our Fire Safety segment revenues in 2022. The fire retardant business is characterized by its highly specialized nature, its high cost-of-failure, and the integrated nature of the offering across products, specialized equipment, and services. As a result, development and testing of products, and the approval and licensing of such products, is typically a complex and lengthy process. We plan to maintain our market leadership position through continued investments in innovation and research and development focused on improving, enhancing and customizing our fire retardant products and services on behalf of our customers. 
 Firefighting Foams 
 Sales of firefighting foams, and related equipment and services, accounted for 22 of our Fire Safety segment revenues in 2022. The market for our firefighting foam products is highly fragmented, and subject to intense competition from various manufacturers launching their own competing products. We compete with a variety of firms that offer similar products and services, many o f which are better capitalized than us and may have more resources than we do. We compete for clients based on the quality of our products, the quality and breadth of the equipment and services we offer in conjunction with our products, the quality and knowledge base of our employees, the geographic reach of our products and services, and pricing of our product. We believe that we offer our customers an attractive value proposition based on these competitive factors, which allows us to compete effectively in the marketplace. 
 Specialty Products 
 Our Specialty Products business is primarily focused on the North American and European markets, with a smaller focus in Asia and South America. In each of North America and Europe, we have one primary competitor. Competitive factors include the quality of our products, our reliability and consistency as a supplier, our ability to innovate and be highly responsive to our customers needs, and the pricing of our products. 
 Seasonality 
 Sales in our Fire Safety segment, of which approximately 74 are in the United States, are subject to significant seasonal variation due to the length and the severity of the fire season, which in North America typically extends from April through September, as well as the availability of air tanker capacity. Consequently, we record significant portion of our sales in the second and third quarter of our fiscal year . 
 Environmental and Regulatory 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to safety, pollution, protection of the environment, product management and distribution, and the generation, storage, 
 15 

T able of Contents 

 handling, transportation , treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to frequent environmental inspections and monitoring and occasional investigations by governmental enforcement authorities. In addition, our production facilities require operating permits that are subject to renewal, modification and, in certain circumstances, revocation. Actual or alleged violations of safety laws, environmental laws or permit requirements could result in restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations or product distribution, substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as, under some environmental laws, the assessment of strict liability and/or joint and several liability. Moreover, changes in environmental regulations could inhibit or interrupt our operations or require us to modify our facilities or operations. Accordingly, environmental or regulatory matters may cause us to incur significant unanticipated losses, costs or liabilities. 
 We are committed to manufacturing high quality products while at the same time protecting and preserving the earth s natural resources and maintaining compliance with all applicable Environmental, Health and Safety Systems ("EHS") legal requirements . We have developed policies and management systems that are intended to identify the multitude of EHS legal requirements applicable to our operations, enhance compliance with applicable legal requirements, improve the safety of our employees, contractors, community neighbors and customers and minimize the production and emission of wastes and other pollutants. Although EHS legal requirements are constantly changing and are frequently difficult to comply with, these EHS management systems are designed to assist us in our compliance goals while also fostering efficiency and improvement and reducing overall risk to us. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 226 full-time employees and 14 temporary, seasonal or part-time employees. Our employees are not represented by any labor union, and we have never experienced a work stoppage or strike. 
 Health and Safety 
 Our commitment to safety is an essential part of our operating model with a zero-incident culture. We are dedicated to building, designing, maintaining, and operating our facilities to effectively manage process safety and other hazards, and to minimize risks. By partnering with our employees, we are able to maintain a safe work environment while meeting the needs of our customers. Our safety focus has never been more critical since the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have been following guidance from the World Health Organization and the U.S. Center for Disease Control to protect employees and prevent the spread of the virus within all of our facilities globally. 
 Talent Development 
 We consider our employees to be our most valuable asset. The development, attraction and retention of employees is a critical success factor. To support the advancement of our employees, we offer training and development programs encouraging advancement from within and continue to fill our team with strong and experienced management talent. 
 Benefits 
 We offer attractive benefits packages that attract, retain, motivate and reward our talent, and we are committed to providing our employees and their families with programs that support their health and overall well-being. To assist employees with financial empowerment, we offer a 401(k) program. We also offer members the ability to save money on a tax-free basis through flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts. We offer competitive compensation programs that includes base pay, bonus and equity grants. Our full-time employees also receive paid time off and holidays. 
 Our equity compensation plans are designed to assist in attracting, retaining, motivating and rewarding key employees and directors, and promoting the creation of long-term value for our shareholders by closely aligning the interests of these individuals with those of our shareholders. Equity compensation, and specifically performance-based stock options, is a significant component of our equity-based compensation strategy and value-based culture. 
 Diversity 
 We value the uniqueness of each individual, new ideas, different experiences and fresh perspectives, and firmly believe that a diverse workforce fosters an environment of collaboration and innovation where everyone can perform to 
 16 

T able of Contents 

 their highest potential and achieve personal and profession growth. Diversity and inclusion make us stronger as a company. We are committed to diversity at all levels of management and leadership, and our leadership team and our Board are committed to improving diversity throughout the Company and fostering a more inclusive and open environment . Our workforce includes talented people from many backgrounds. We do not tolerate discrimination and are committed to high ethical standards and equal employment opportunities in all personnel actions without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, citizenship status, age, marital status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, or veteran status. 
 Available Information 
 We file or furnish annual, quarterly and current reports and other documents with the SEC. The annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, including any amendments, will be made available free of charge on our website, www.perimeter-solutions.com, as soon as reasonably practicable, following the filing of the reports with the SEC. In addition, our website allows investors and other interested persons to sign up to automatically receive e-mail alerts when news releases and financial information is posted on the website. The SEC also maintains a website, www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information on or obtainable through our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. 
 
 17 

T able of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our Ordinary Shares involves significant risks, some of which are described below. In evaluating our business, investors should carefully consider the following risk factors. These risk factors contain, in addition to historical information, forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below. The order in which the following risks are presented is not intended to reflect the magnitude of the risks described. The occurrence of any of the following risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In that case, the trading price of our Ordinary Shares could decline, perhaps significantly, and you therefore may lose all or part of your investment. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 The demand for our products is impacted by a number of factors outside of our control. 
 Our end markets experience constantly changing demand depending on a number of factors that are out of our control. In our fire retardant business, demand is dependent on the occurrence of fires, which are seasonal and dependent on environmental and other factors. Changes in the geographic location, occurrence, severity and duration of fires may change demand for our fire retardant products. For example, in 2019 we experienced the lowest U.S. fire season in 16 years. Seasonality in the fire retardant end market could periodically result in higher or lower levels of revenue and revenue concentration with a single or small number of customers. See The seasonal or cyclical nature of our business and severe weather events may cause demand for our products and services to be adversely affected while certain of our fixed costs remain the same, and prior performance is not necessarily indicative of our future results. If we experience a low fire season, the WUI does not continue to expand or if FFF do not continue to account for a growing percentage of the firefighting foam market in the coming years as we expect, this could materially and adversely affect our business. In our specialty products business, we supply P 2 S 5 which is primarily used in the lubricant additives market to produce a critical compound in engine oils. As more electric vehicles emerge on the automobile market, use of the internal combustion engine may decline, thereby lessening demand for our specialty products. Our inability to offset the volatility of these end markets through diversification into other markets, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations . 
 A small number of customers represent a significant portion of our revenue, and a loss of one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A small number of customers represent a significant portion of our revenue. A certain number of contracts with these customers are on an on-demand, as-needed basis, and there are no guaranteed minimums included in such contracts. In other cases, manufacturing disruptions at customer sites can significantly decrease customer demand. Because of the concentrated nature of our customer base and contract terms applicable to such customers, our quarterly revenue and results of operations may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and are difficult to estimate. In addition, any cancellation of orders or any acceleration or delay in anticipated product purchases by our larger customers could materially affect our revenue and results of operations in any quarterly period. We may be unable to sustain or increase our revenue from our larger customers or offset any discontinuation or decrease of purchases by our larger customers with purchases by new or other existing customers. To the extent one or more of our larger customers experience significant financial difficulty, bankruptcy or insolvency, this could have a material adverse effect on our sales and our ability to collect on receivables, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, certain customers, including some of our larger customers, have negotiated, or may in the future negotiate, volume-based discounts or other more favorable terms from us, which can and have had a negative effect on our gross margins or revenue. We expect that such concentrated purchases will continue to contribute materially to our revenue for the foreseeable future and that our results of operations may fluctuate materially as a result of such larger customers buying patterns. 
 We are substantially dependent on sales to the USDA Forest Service and the state of California, which account for approximately 54 of our revenue related to our Fire Safety segment. 
 Sales to the USDA Forest Service and the state of California represent a substantial portion of our revenues and this concentration of our sales makes us substantially dependent on those customers. In fiscal year 2022, sales to the USDA 
 18 

T able of Contents 

 Forest Service and the state of California accounted for approximately 54 of our revenue related to our Fire Safety segment. This customer concentration makes us subject to the risk of nonpayment, nonperformance, re-negotiation of terms or non-renewal by these major customers under our commercial agreements. If the USDA Forest Services and/or the state of California reduce their spend on our fire retardant products, we may experience a reduction in revenue and may not be able to sustain profitability, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed. 
 As a supplier and service provider to the U.S. government, we are subject to certain heightened risks, such as those associated with the government s rights to audit and conduct investigations and with its rights to terminate contracts for convenience or default. 
 As a supplier and service provider to the U.S. government, we are subject to certain heightened risks, such as those associated with the government s rights to audit and conduct investigations and with its rights to terminate contracts for convenience or default. We may in the future be the subject of U.S. government investigations relating to our U.S. government contracts. Such investigations often take years to complete and could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines, treble and other damages, forfeitures, restitution or penalties, or could lead to suspension or debarment of U.S. government contracting or of export privileges. For instance, if a business unit were charged with wrongdoing in connection with a U.S. government investigation (including fraud, or violation of certain environmental or export laws), the U.S. government could suspend us from bidding on or receiving awards of new U.S. government contracts or subcontracts. If convicted or found liable, the U.S. government could fine and debar us from receiving new awards for a period generally not to exceed three years and could void any contracts found to be tainted by fraud. We also could suffer reputational harm if allegations of impropriety were made against us, even if such allegations are later determined to be unsubstantiated. 
 Some of our sales are to foreign buyers, which exposes us to additional risks such as foreign political, foreign exchange, economic and regulatory risks. 
 We derived approximately 26 of our revenues from customers located in foreign countries in fiscal 2022. The amount of foreign sales we make may increase in the future. The additional risks of foreign sales include: 
 potential adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 higher credit risks; 
 restrictive trade policies of the U.S. or foreign governments; 
 currency hyperinflation and weak banking institutions; 
 changing economic conditions in local markets; 
 compliance risk related to local rules and regulations; 
 political and economic instability in foreign markets; 
 changes in leadership of foreign governments; and 
 export restrictions due to local states of emergency for disease or illness. 
 Some or all of these risks may negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our profitability could be negatively impacted by price and inventory risk related to our business, including commodity price exposure. 
 Our realized margins depend on the differential of sales prices over our total supply costs. Our profitability is therefore sensitive to changes in product prices caused by changes in supply, transportation and storage capacity or other market conditions. 
 Generally, we attempt to maintain an inventory position that is substantially balanced between our purchases and sales, including our future delivery obligations. We attempt to obtain a certain margin for our purchases by selling our product to our customers. However, market, weather or other conditions beyond our control may disrupt our expected supply of product, and we may be required to obtain supply at increased prices that cannot be passed through to our customers. For example, some of our supply contracts follow market prices, which may fluctuate through the year, while our product prices may be fixed on a quarterly or annual basis, and therefore, fluctuations in our supply may not be passed through to our customers and can produce an adverse effect on our margins. 
 19 

T able of Contents 

 Inflation could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 While inflation in the United States and global markets has been relatively low in recent years, during 2021 and 2022, the economy in the United States and global markets encountered a material increase in the level of inflation. The impact of COVID-19, geopolitical developments such as the Russia-Ukraine conflict and global supply chain disruptions continue to increase uncertainty in the outlook of near-term and long-term economic activity, including whether inflation will continue and how long, and at what rate. Increases in inflation raise our costs for commodities, labor, materials and services and other costs required to grow and operate our business, and failure to secure these on reasonable terms may adversely impact our financial condition. Additionally, increases in inflation, along with the uncertainties surrounding COVID-19, geopolitical developments and global supply chain disruptions, have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty about the interest rate environment, which may make it more difficult, costly or dilutive for us to secure additional financing. A failure to adequately respond to these risks could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 There can be no assurance that we will maintain our relationship with, or serve, our customers at current levels. 
 There can be no assurance that we will maintain our relationship with, or serve, our customers at current levels. In addition, there is no assurance that any new agreement we enter into to supply or share services or facilities will have terms as favorable as those contained in current arrangements. Less favorable contract terms and conditions under any customer contract or contract for supply, purchase or shared services or facilities, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks from the improper conduct of, or use of our products by, employees, agents, government contractors, or collaborators could adversely affect our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unapproved or improper use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks or other information relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other serious adverse events. These events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or as required by governmental authorities), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. A recall could result in significant costs and lost sales and customers, enforcement actions and/or investigations by state and federal governments or other enforcement bodies, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce future demand for our products. Personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in significant product liability claims being brought against us. See Some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences, which exposes us to product liability and other claims, and we may, from time to time, be the subject of indemnity claims. Indemnity and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover such product liability and other claims. 
 We cannot ensure that our compliance controls, policies, and procedures will in every instance protect us from acts committed by our employees, agents, contractors, service providers or collaborators that would violate the laws or regulations of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including, without limitation, employment, foreign corrupt practices, trade restrictions and sanctions, environmental, competition, and privacy laws and regulations. Such improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations, and monetary and injunctive penalties, and could adversely impact our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to continue purchasing products from our suppliers on a long-term basis. 
 There is no guarantee that we will be able to continue purchasing products from our current suppliers on a long-term basis. Some supply contracts are renewable or renew automatically unless notice of termination is given, however there can be no assurance that they will be renewed or that notice of termination will not be given. We also have long-term relationships with certain suppliers, but there are no assurances that such relationships, and related supply, will continue. Finding a new supplier may take a significant amount of time and resources, and once we have identified such new supplier, we would have to ensure that they meet our standards for quality control and have the necessary technical capabilities, responsiveness, high-quality service and financial stability. Further, certain changes in our supply would require requalification with the USDA Forest Service for products on the Qualified Product List QPL . If we are unable to efficiently manage our supply chain and / or ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand, our operating costs could increase and our profit margins could decrease. Any of these factors could impact our ability to supply our products to customers and consumers and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 20 

T able of Contents 

 Production interruptions or shutdowns could increase our operating or capital expenditures or negatively impact the supply of products resulting in reduced sales. 
 Manufacturing of our specialty products and fire retardant products is concentrated at certain facilities. In the event of a significant manufacturing difficulty, disruption or delay, we may not be able to develop alternate or secondary manufacturing locations without incurring material additional costs and substantial delays. Furthermore, these risks could materially and adversely affect our business if our facilities are impacted by a natural disaster or other interruption at a particular location. Transferring manufacturing to another location may result in significant delays in the availability of our products. As a result, protracted regional crises, issues with manufacturing facilities, or the COVID-19 pandemic, could lead to eventual shortages of necessary components. It could be difficult or impossible, costly and time consuming to obtain alternative sources for these components, or to change products to make use of alternative components. In addition, difficulties in transitioning from an existing supplier to a new supplier could create delays in component availability that would have a significant impact on our ability to fulfill orders for our products. 
 The operation of manufacturing plants involves many risks, including suspension of operations and increased costs or requirements stemming from new government statutes, regulations, guidelines and policies, including evolving environmental regulations. 
 The operation of manufacturing plants involves many risks, including suspension of operations and increased costs or requirements stemming from new government statutes, regulations, guidelines and policies, including evolving environmental regulations. We need environmental and operational registrations, licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals to operate. The loss or delay in receiving a significant permit or license or the inability to renew it and any loss or interruption of the operations of our facilities may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We rely on third-party logistics suppliers for the distribution, storage and transportation of raw materials, operating supplies and products. 
 We rely on third-party logistics suppliers for the distribution, storage and transportation of raw materials, operating supplies and products. Delays or disruptions in the supply chain may adversely impact our ability to manufacture and distribute products thus impacting business financials. Any failure to properly store our products may similarly impact our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, impacting business financials. If we were to lose a supplier it could result in interruption of product shipments, cancellation of orders by customers and termination of relationships. This, along with the damage to our reputation, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and, consequently, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, actions by a third-party logistics supplier that fail to comply with contract terms or applicable laws and regulations could result in such third-party logistics supplier exposing us to claims for damages, financial penalties and reputational harm, any of which could have a material adverse effect in our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Raw materials necessary for the production of our products and with limited sources of supply are susceptible to supply cost increases which we may not be able to pass onto customers, disruptions to the supply chain, and supply changes, any of which could disrupt our supply chain and could lead to us not meeting our contractual requirements. 
 All of the raw materials that go into manufacturing our fire retardant and specialty products are sourced from third-party suppliers. Some of the key raw materials used to manufacture our products come from limited or sole sources of supply. We are therefore subject to the risk of shortages and long lead times in the supply of these raw materials and the risk that our suppliers discontinue or modify raw materials used in our products. We have a global supply chain and the COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to adversely affect our ability to source raw materials in a timely or cost-effective manner from our suppliers. For example, reduction in shipping resources have resulted in longer lead times for key raw materials to be transported to our facilities. In addition, the lead times associated with certain raw materials are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience raw materials shortages and price fluctuations of certain key raw materials and materials, and the predictability of the availability and pricing of these raw materials may be limited. Raw materials shortages or pricing fluctuations could be material in the future. In the event of a raw materials shortage, supply interruption or material pricing change from suppliers of these raw materials, we may not be able to develop alternate sources in a timely manner or at all in the case of sole or limited sources. Developing alternate sources of supply for these raw materials is time-consuming, difficult, and costly as they require extensive qualifications and testing, and we may not be able to source these raw 
 21 

T able of Contents 

 materials on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which may undermine our ability to meet our requirements or to fill customer orders in a timely manner. Any interruption or delay in the supply of any of these raw materials, or the inability to obtain these raw materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices and within a reasonable amount of time, would adversely affect our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our customers. This could adversely affect our relationships with our customers and could cause delays in shipment of our products and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased raw materials costs could result in lower gross margins. Even where we are able to pass increased raw materials costs along to our customers, there may be a lapse of time before we are able to do so such that we must absorb the increased cost. If we are unable to buy these raw materials in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products to our customers, which may result in such customers using competitive products instead of our products. 
 If the cost of our raw materials fluctuates significantly, this may adversely impact our profit margin and financial position. 
 Our business uses phosphorus as a key raw material. The price of this raw material may fluctuate in the future. If the price for this raw material increases, our profit margin could decrease for certain business lines. 
 The industries in which we operate and which we intend to operate in the future are subject to change. If we fail to continuously innovate and to provide products that gain market acceptance, we may be unable to attract new customers or retain existing customers, and hence our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The industries in which we operate and intend to operate in the future are subject to change, including shifts in customer demands and regulatory requirements and emergence of new industry standards and practices and new competitors. Thus, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to these changes in a cost-effective and timely manner. We need to anticipate the emergence of new technologies and assess their market acceptance. We also need to invest significant resources in research and development in order to keep our products competitive in the market. 
 However, research and development activities are inherently uncertain, and we might encounter practical difficulties in commercializing our research and development results, which could result in excessive research and development expenses or delays. If we are unable to keep up with the technological developments and anticipate market trends, or if new technologies render our products obsolete, customers may no longer be attracted to our products. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 The seasonal or cyclical nature of our business and severe weather events may cause demand for our products and services to be adversely affected while certain of our fixed costs remain the same, and prior performance is not necessarily indicative of our future results. 
 Our operating revenues of our fire retardant business tend to be higher in summer months primarily due to the hotter/drier weather, which is generally correlated with a higher prevalence of wildfires. This is in part offset by the disbursement of our operations in both the northern and southern hemispheres, so that the summer seasons alternate. 
 The demand for our fire retardant products can be significantly impacted by the climate. While weather-related and other event-driven increases in demand can boost revenues through additional demand for our products for a limited time, we may incur increased costs in our efforts to produce enough products and to transport our products to our customers in a timely matter. 
 For these and other reasons, operating results in any interim period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for an entire year, and operating results for any historical period are not necessarily indicative of operating results for a future period. Our share price may be negatively or positively impacted by interim variations in our results. 
 Our industry and the markets in which we operate have few large competitors and increased competitive pressures could reduce our share of the markets we serve and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Increased interest and potential competition in our markets from existing and potential competitors may reduce our market share and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Historically we have had relatively few large competitors. Existing and potential competitors may have more resources and better access to 
 22 

T able of Contents 

 capital markets to facilitate continued expansion. If there are new entrants into our markets, the resulting increase in competition may adversely impact our financial results. 
 If new products are introduced into the market that are lower in cost, have enhanced performance characteristics or are considered preferable for environmental or other reasons, demand for some of our products could be reduced or eliminated. 
 New fire retardants based on different chemistry or raw materials may be introduced by competitors in the future. These products may be lower in cost or have enhanced performance characteristics compared to our existing products, and our customers may find them preferable. Replacement of one or more of our products in significant volumes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our businesses depend upon many proprietary technologies, including patents, licenses, trademarks and trade secrets. Our competitive position could be adversely affected if we fail to protect our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property rights, if our patents expire or if we become subject to claims that we are infringing upon the rights of others. 
 Our intellectual property is of particular importance for a number of the specialty products that we manufacture and sell. The trademarks and patents that we own may be challenged, and because of such challenges, we could eventually lose our exclusive rights to use and enforce such patented technologies and trademarks, which could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operations. We are licensed to use certain patents and technology owned by other companies to manufacture products complementary to our own products. We pay royalties for these licenses in amounts not considered material, in the aggregate, to our consolidated results. 
 We also rely on unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets in all regions to develop and maintain our competitive position. Although it is our policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to restrict the use and disclosure of trade secrets and proprietary know-how, those confidentiality agreements may be breached. Additionally, adequate remedies may not be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade secrets and know-how, and others could obtain knowledge of such trade secrets through independent development or other access by legal means. The failure of our patents, trademarks or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, technology, trade secrets or proprietary know-how and the brands under which we market and sell our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our patents may not provide full protection against competing manufacturers in the United States, or in countries outside of the United States, including members of the European Union and certain other countries, and patent terms may also be inadequate to protect our products for an adequate amount of time. Weaker protection may adversely impact our sales, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In some of the countries in which we operate, the laws protecting patent holders are significantly weaker than in the United States, countries in the European Union and certain other countries. Weaker protection may assist competing manufacturers in becoming more competitive in markets in which they might not have otherwise been able to introduce competing products for a number of years. As a result, we tend to rely more heavily upon trade secret and know-how protection in these regions, as applicable, rather than patents and this may adversely impact our sales, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on our success in obtaining and maintaining issued patents and other intellectual property rights in the United States and elsewhere. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, competitors may be able to use our processes and erode or negate any competitive advantage we may have, which could harm our business. 
 We cannot provide any assurances that any of our patents have, or that any of our pending patent applications that mature into issued patents will include, claims with a scope sufficient to protect our products, any additional features we develop or any new products. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, deemed unenforceable, invalidated or circumvented. We also cannot provide any assurances that any of our pending patent applications will be approved and a rejection of a patent application could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to protect our intellectual property from competitors. 
 23 

T able of Contents 

 Furthermore, though an issued patent is presumed valid and enforceable, its issuance is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability and it may not provide us with adequate proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. Competitors may also be able to design around our patents. Other parties may develop and obtain patent protection for more effective technologies, designs or methods. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our knowledge or trade secrets by consultants, suppliers, vendors, former employees and current employees. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we may encounter significant problems in protecting our proprietary rights in these countries. Such claims and proceedings can also distract and divert management and key personnel from other tasks important to the success of our business. In addition, intellectual property litigation or claims could force us to do one or more of the following: 
 cease selling products that contain asserted intellectual property; 
 pay substantial damages for past use of the asserted intellectual property; 
 obtain a license from the holder of the asserted intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms; and 
 redesign or rename, in the case of trademark claims, our products to avoid infringing the rights of third parties. 
 Such requirements could adversely affect our revenue, increase costs, and harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Several of our niche products and services are sold in select markets. There can be no assurance that these markets will not attract additional competitors that could have greater financial, technological, manufacturing and/or marketing resources. 
 Select markets for some of our niche products and services may attract additional competitors. We cannot provide any assurances that we will have the financial resources to fund capital improvements to more effectively compete with such competitors or that even if financial resources are available to us, that projected operating results will justify such expenditures. Smaller companies may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market and better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. 
 There are other risks that are inherent in our global operations. 
 A portion of our revenues and earnings are generated by non-U.S. operations. Risks inherent in our global operations include: 
 the potential for changes in socio-economic conditions, laws and regulations, including antitrust, import, export, labor and environmental laws, and monetary and fiscal policies; 
 unsettled or unstable political conditions; 
 government-imposed plant or other operational shutdowns; 
 corruption; 
 natural and man-made disasters, 
 hazards and losses; and 
 violence, civil and labor unrest, and possible terrorist attacks. 
 There can be no assurance that any or all of these events will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may fail to realize the strategic and financial benefits currently anticipated from the Business Combination. 
 The future success of the Business Combination, including anticipated benefits, depends, in part, on our ability to optimize our operations as a public company. The optimization of our operations following the Business Combination will be a complex, costly and time-consuming process and if we experience difficulties in this process, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have an adverse effect on us for an undetermined period. There can be no assurances that we will realize the potential operating efficiencies, synergies and other benefits currently anticipated from the Business Combination. 
 24 

T able of Contents 

 Some of the factors involved in this are outside of our control, and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of potential revenues, potential cost savings, and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, or we may be subject to restructuring, impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations as well as the price of our Ordinary Shares, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 Even though extensive due diligence has been conducted on Perimeter, we cannot assure you that this diligence identified all material issues that may be present, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identified certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about our securities or us. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by us or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 Our substantial indebtedness may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business and fulfill our obligations under our indebtedness. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 675.0 million in Senior Notes outstanding and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility. 
 Our substantial indebtedness could have significant effects on our operations. For example, it may: 
 require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes; 
 increase the amount of our interest expense, because our borrowings are at variable rates of interest, which, if interest rates increase, would result in higher interest expense; 
 cause credit rating agencies to view our debt level negatively; 
 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industries in which we operate; 
 limit our ability to make strategic acquisitions, introduce new technologies or exploit business opportunities; and 
 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness. 
 The terms of our indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities, and our future debt level may limit our future financial and operating flexibility. 
 Our ability to access capital markets to raise capital on favorable terms will be affected by our debt level, our operating and financial performance, the amount of our current maturities and debt maturing in the next several years, and by prevailing credit market conditions. Moreover, if lenders or any future credit rating agency downgrade our credit rating, then we could experience increases in our borrowing costs, face difficulty accessing capital markets or incurring additional indebtedness, be unable to receive open credit from our suppliers and trade counterparties, be unable to benefit from swings in market prices and shifts in market structure during periods of volatility in the crude oil and natural gas markets or suffer a reduction in the market price of our Ordinary Shares. If we are unable to access the capital markets on favorable terms at the time a debt obligation becomes due in the future. The price and terms upon which we might receive such extensions or additional bank credit, if at all, could be more onerous than those contained in existing debt agreements. Any such 
 25 

T able of Contents 

 arrangements could, in turn, increase the risk that our leverage may adversely affect our future financial and operating flexibility and thereby impact our ability to pay cash distributions at expected rates. 
 We may incur substantial additional indebtedness, which could further exacerbate the risks that we may face. 
 Subject to the restrictions in the agreements that govern our revolving credit facility, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness (including secured indebtedness) in the future. These restrictions are subject to waiver and a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. 
 Any material increase in our level of indebtedness will have several important effects on our future operations, including, without limitation: 
 we would have additional cash requirements in order to support the payment of interest on our outstanding indebtedness; 
 increases in our outstanding indebtedness and leverage would increase its vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, as well as to competitive pressure; and 
 depending on the levels of our outstanding indebtedness, our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes could be limited. 
 An increase in interest rates would increase the interest costs on our revolving credit facility and on our variable rate indebtedness and could impact adversely our ability to refinance existing indebtedness or to sell assets. 
 Interest payments for borrowings under our revolving credit facility are based on variable rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 Rising interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing indebtedness when it matures and increase interest costs on any indebtedness that is refinanced. We may enter into agreements such as floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other hedging contracts in order to fully or partially hedge against the cash flow effects of changes in interest rates for floating rate debt. 
 At the end of 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration, the administrator for London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), ceased publishing one-week and two-month U.S. dollar LIBOR and will cease publishing all remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR tenors after June 2023. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, has recommended replacing U.S. dollar LIBOR with a new index that measures the cost of borrowing cash overnight, backed by U.S. Treasury securities SOFR ). While we continue to monitor market developments to assess replacement rate options, the consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted and may adversely affect our cost of capital, financial results, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted as a result of Russian actions in Ukraine. 
 The current military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls or other actions that may be initiated by nations, including the United States, the European Union or Russia (e.g., potential cyberattacks, disruption of energy flows, etc.) could adversely affect our business and/or our supply chain. Although we currently maintain alternative sources for raw materials, if we are unable to source our products from the countries where we wish to purchase them, either because of the occurrence or threat of wars or other conflicts, regulatory changes or for any other reason, or if the cost of doing so increases, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Disruptions in the supply of raw materials and components could temporarily impair our ability to manufacture our products for our customers or require us to pay higher prices to obtain these raw materials or components from other sources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Matters 
 We are the subject of litigation by customers, suppliers and other third parties and may be the subject of such litigation in the future. 
 We are the subject of litigation by customers, suppliers and other third parties and may be the subject of such litigation in the future. From time to time, such lawsuits are filed against us and the outcome of any litigation, particularly class or 
 26 

T able of Contents 

 collective action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The cost to defend any such lawsuits may be significant and may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. There may also be negative publicity associated with litigation that could decrease customer acceptance of our products, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. A significant judgment against us, the loss and/or expiration of a significant permit, license or other approval, or a significant fine, penalty or contractual dispute could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Certain of our products are provided to emergency services personnel and are intended to protect lives and property, so we are subject to heightened liability and reputational risks if our products fail to provide such protection as intended. 
 Our fire retardant products are provided to emergency services personnel and are intended to protect lives and property, so we are subject to heightened liability risks if our products fail to provide such protection. While our products are effective in retarding fires, there is no guarantee such products will be able to stop all fires due to their unpredictability and variation in size and/or speed in which a fire is burning. In addition, fires need to be fought with the cooperation and assistance of local fire authorities as well as the additional tools and resources that they bring. Therefore, while we recognize the importance of the role our products play in these critical efforts, our products are not the only factor in fighting fires and therefore we cannot guarantee that our products will always be able to protect life and property. Any failure to do so could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences, which exposes us to product liability and other claims, and we may, from time to time, be the subject of indemnity claims. Indemnity and insurance coverage could be inadequate or unavailable to cover such product liability and other claims. 
 Some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences, which exposes us to product liability and other possible claims including indemnity claims by our distributors pursuant to the terms of our distributor arrangements. A successful class action proceeding or one or a series of claims related to degradation of natural resources, product liability or exposure from usage of a product that exceeds our insurance or indemnity coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Such litigation and indemnity claim resolution is expensive, time consuming and may divert management s attention away from the operation of the business. The outcome of litigation and disputes can never be predicted with certainty and not resolving such matters favorably could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or reputation, as they may require us to pay substantial damages or make substantial indemnification payments, among other consequences. 
 We manufacture, among other things, products used to extinguish fires. The products that we manufacture are typically used in applications and situations that involve high levels of risk of personal injury. Failure to use our products for their intended purposes, failure to use our products properly or the malfunction of our products could result in serious bodily injury or death of the user. In such cases, we may be subject to product liability claims arising from the design, manufacture or sale of our products. If these claims are decided against us, and we are found to be liable, we may be required to pay substantial damages, and our insurance costs may increase significantly as a result. We cannot assure you that our indemnity and insurance coverage would be sufficient to cover the payment of any potential claim. In addition, we cannot assure you that this or any other indemnity or insurance coverage will continue to be available or, if available, that we will be able to obtain insurance at a reasonable cost. Any material uninsured loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are exposed to risks related to litigation, including multi-district litigation and other legal proceedings. 
 We operate in a highly regulated and litigious environment. We and/or one or more of our subsidiaries are regularly involved in a variety of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including arbitration, litigation (and related settlement discussions), and other claims, and are subject to regulatory proceedings including governmental audits and investigations. Legal proceedings, in general, and class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive, and may not be insured or exceed any applicable insurance coverage. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources. Some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. 
 27 

T able of Contents 

 For example, we are a defendant in a multi-district litigation pending in the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina MDL relating to the manufacture, sale, and distribution of AFFF. The cases allege, among other things, groundwater contamination, drinking water contamination, damages to natural resources, and bodily injuries from exposure to PFAS chemicals in AFFF. There are over 2,000 cases currently pending in the MDL. The plaintiffs include, among others, individual firefighters, municipalities and corporate water providers, and state attorneys general. The lead defendants include 3M Company, Tyco Fire Products LP/Chemguard, and DuPont de Nemours, Inc./The Chemours Company, and approximately 10 to 15 other defendants including, among others, Amerex Corporation Amerex ). Amerex has been named as a defendant in approximately 1,300 AFFF lawsuits based on its prior ownership of The Solberg Company Solberg ), which Perimeter acquired from Amerex on January 1, 2019. Although Amerex retained certain pre-closing liabilities for Solberg, there are approximately 430 indemnity claims from Amerex, and a very small number of potential direct claims, that have been made against Perimeter on the basis of Perimeter s ownership of Solberg after January 1, 2019. Amerex is barred from making new, third-party indemnity claims against Perimeter after December 31, 2021. There are also a small number of AFFF cases pending against Perimeter on the basis of its manufacturing, distribution, and sale of non-Solberg products, including Phos-Chek. 
 We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of the outcome. Proceedings that we believe are insignificant may develop into material proceedings and subject us to unforeseen outcomes or expenses. Additionally, the actions of certain participants in our industry may encourage legal proceedings against us or cause us to reconsider our litigation strategies. As a result, we could from time to time incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A failure to comply with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be unable to ensure that our distributors comply with applicable sanctions and export control laws. 
 We operate on a global basis, with 26 of our revenues in fiscal 2022 made to destinations outside the United States, including Canada, Europe, Australia, Mexico and Israel. We face several risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including compliance with applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations, such as laws and regulations administered by U.S. Department of Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State and the U.S. Department of Commerce. We must also comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the United States, the EU and other countries. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions including criminal or civil fines or penalties, more onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. 
 In certain countries, we may engage third party agents or intermediaries, such as customs agents, to act on our behalf and if these third-party agents or intermediaries violate applicable laws, their actions may result in criminal or civil fines or penalties, or other sanctions being assessed against us. We take certain measures designed to ensure our compliance with U.S. export and economic sanctions law and we believe that we have never sold our products to Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea or Syria through third party agents or intermediaries or made any effort to attract business from any of these countries. We also take steps to prevent our products from being sold, without the necessary legal authorization, to individuals or entities that are the subject or target of U.S. export and economic sanctions laws. However, it is possible that some of our products were sold or will be sold to distributors or other parties that, without our knowledge or consent, re-exported or will re-export such products to these countries or sanctioned persons. Although none of our non-U.S. distributors are located in, or to our knowledge, conduct business with Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea or Syria, we may not be successful in ensuring compliance with limitations or restrictions on business with these or other countries subject to economic sanctions. We may be exposed to compliance-related risks with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations in the future. 
 Any such violation could result in significant criminal or civil fines, penalties or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational harm that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 28 

T able of Contents 

 Because of our international operations, we could be materially adversely affected by violations of the U.S. FCPA and similar anticorruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws. 
 Our business operations and sales in countries outside the United States are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the FCPA, as well as the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 (the UK Bribery Act ). The FCPA, UK Bribery Act, and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies, their employees, their intermediaries and their agents from providing anything of value to government officials or any other persons for the purpose of improperly obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We have policies in place that prohibit employees from making improper payments on our behalf. We continue to implement internal controls and procedures designed to promote compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws, rules and regulations as well as mitigate and protect against corruption risks. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and procedures will protect us from reckless, criminal or other acts committed by our employees or third parties with whom we work. If we are found to be liable for violations of the FCPA or similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws in international jurisdictions, either due to our own acts or omissions, or out of inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions, including reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our contracts with the U.S. federal government subject us to additional oversight and risks inherent in the government procurement process. 
 We provide products and services, directly and indirectly, to a variety of government entities. In fiscal 2022, we derived approximately 34 of our revenue from multiple contracts with agencies of the U.S. federal government. As such, we must comply with and are affected by laws and regulations relating to the award, administration and performance of U.S. government contracts. Government contract laws and regulations affect how we do business with our customers and impose certain risks and costs on our business. 
 Risks associated with selling products and services to government entities include extended sales and collection cycles, varying governmental budgeting processes, and adherence to complex procurement regulations and other government-specific contractual requirements. We may be subject to audits and investigations relating to our government contracts and any violations could result in civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, payment of fines, and suspension or debarment from future government business, as well as harm to our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our products are subject to extensive government scrutiny and regulation, including the USDA Forest Service qualification process. There can be no assurance that such regulations will not change and that our products will continue to be approved for usage. 
 We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign government authorities. In some cases, for example, for our firefighting products, we need to pass the USDA Forest Service qualification process, which is a rigorous process that requires the product passing several tests and standards, including toxicity corrosion and stability. The USDA Forest Service also requires a lengthy field evaluation, which adds to the difficulty of meeting USDA Forest Service standards. In addition to meeting the USDA Forest Service standards, the agency may be required to consult with various government agencies, for example, the Environmental Protection Agency, to meet additional requirements and regulations. We are also subject to ongoing reviews of our products, manufacturing processes and facilities by government authorities, and such agencies may at times be involved in challenges by outside groups, and as a result, the Company may be required to must also produce product data and comply with detailed regulatory requirements. 
 The Registration, Evaluation and Authorization of Chemicals REACH legislation may affect our ability to manufacture and sell certain products in the EU: REACH requires chemical manufacturers and importers in the EU to prove the safety of their products. We were required to pre-register certain products and file comprehensive reports, including testing data, on each chemical substance, and perform chemical safety assessments. Additionally, substances of high concern are subject to an authorization process. Authorization may result in restrictions on certain uses of products or even prohibitions on the manufacture or importation of products. The full registration requirements of REACH have been phased in over several years, and we have incurred additional expense to cause the registration of our products under these regulations. REACH may affect our ability to import, manufacture and sell certain products in the EU. In addition, other 
 29 

T able of Contents 

 countries and regions of the world already have or may adopt legislation similar to REACH that affect our business, affect our ability to import, manufacture or sell certain products in these jurisdictions, and have required or will require us to incur increased costs. 
 The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act modified the Toxic Control Substances Act TSCA ), by requiring the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), to prioritize and evaluate the environmental and health risks of existing chemicals and provided the EPA with greater authority to regulate chemicals posing unreasonable risks. According to this statute, the EPA is required to make an affirmative finding that a new chemical will not pose an unreasonable risk before such chemical can go into production. As a result, TSCA now operates in a similar fashion to the REACH legislation in Europe. These laws and regulations, among others, increase the complexity and costs of transporting our products from the country in which they are manufactured to our customers. Further changes to these and similar regulations could restrict our ability to expand, build or acquire new facilities, require us to acquire costly control equipment, cause us to incur expenses associated with remediation of contamination, cause us to modify our manufacturing or shipping processes or otherwise increase our cost of doing business and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the adoption of new laws, rules or regulations related to climate change poses risks that could harm our results of operations or affect the way we conduct our businesses. For example, new or modified regulations could require us to make substantial expenditures to enhance our environmental compliance efforts. 
 New or stricter laws and regulations may be introduced that could result in additional compliance costs and prevent or inhibit the development, manufacture, distribution and sale of our products. For example, certain PFAS in firefighting foam may become regulated as hazardous substances, phased out or banned. The USDA Forest Service may also change its qualification process or determine that our products no longer qualify under existing requirements. Such outcomes could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Environmental laws and regulations may subject us to significant liabilities. Changes to existing EHS requirements or the adoption of new EHS requirements, changes to the enforcement of EHS requirements, and the discovery of additional or unknown conditions at facilities owned, operated or used by us or at or near which our products were, are, or will be used, to the extent not covered by indemnity, insurance or a covenant not to sue, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We operate in jurisdictions where legislative initiatives relating to greenhouse gas GHG emissions are being considered or adopted. For example, the SEC has proposed a mandatory climate change reporting framework that, if implemented, is likely to materially increase the amount of time, monitoring and reporting costs related to these matters. There has been no material effect on any of our facilities to date, and we continue to follow developments closely. Although it is difficult to know what final regulations may be passed in the jurisdictions where our manufacturing facilities are located, we could face increased capital and operating costs to comply with GHG emissions regulations and these costs could be material. The potential impact of current and proposed environmental laws and regulations is uncertain. We cannot predict the nature of these requirements and the impact on our business, but proposed regulations or failure to comply with current and proposed regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations by substantially increasing capital expenditures and compliance costs, affecting our ability to meet our financial obligations. It may also lead to the modification or cancellation of operating licenses and permits, penalties and other corrective actions. 
 The regulatory environment in which we operate is subject to change, and new regulations and new or existing claims, such as those related to certain PFAS substances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or make aspects of our business as currently conducted no longer possible. In addition, we are and, in the future may be, subject to claims related to substances such PFAS, including for degradation of natural resources from such PFAS and personal injury or product liability claims as a result of human exposure to such PFAS. 
 Our operations are subject to extensive environmental regulation in each of the countries in which we maintain facilities. For example, U.S. (federal, state and local), and other countries environmental laws applicable to the Company include statutes and regulations intended to impose certain obligations with respect to the manufacture, sale and distribution of firefighting foam that contains intentionally added PFAS chemicals. In addition, certain regulations also impose restrictions on the discharge of PFAS chemicals in wastewater, and may require allocating the cost of investigating, monitoring and remedying soil and groundwater contamination to a party operating the site, as well as to prevent future soil and groundwater contamination; imposing air ambient standards and, in some cases, emission standards, for air pollutants which present a risk to public health, welfare or the natural environment; governing the handling, management, treatment, 
 30 

T able of Contents 

 storage and disposal of hazardous wastes and substances; regulating the chemical content of products; and regulating the discharge of pollutants into waterways. 
 With regards to our specialty products business, our use of hazardous substances in our manufacturing processes and the generation of hazardous wastes not only by us, but by prior occupants of our facilities, suggest that hazardous substances may be present at or near certain of our facilities or may come to be located there in the future. Consequently, we are required to closely monitor our compliance under all the various environmental laws and regulations applicable to us. Under certain environmental laws, we may be responsible for remediation costs or other liabilities as a result of the use, release or disposal of hazardous substances at or from any property currently or formerly owned or operated or to which we sent waste for treatment or disposal. Liability under these laws may be imposed without regard to whether we were aware of, or caused, the contamination and, in some cases, liability may be joint or several. 
 Our facilities are subject to increasingly more stringent federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. Some of these laws and regulations relate to what are frequently called emerging contaminants, such as PFAS. Some of the Company s products use fluorine as a raw material, which is considered a PFAS chemical. We and some of our competitors have been, are, and in the future may be the target of lawsuits and state enforcement actions because of the alleged discharge of PFAS into the environment, including for degradation of natural resources from such PFAS and personal injury or product liability claims as a result of human exposure to such PFAS. See We are exposed to risks related to litigation, including multi-district litigation and other legal proceedings. 
 We obtain Phase I or similar environmental site assessments for most of the manufacturing facilities we own or lease at the time we either acquire or lease such facilities. These assessments typically include general inspections. These assessments may not reveal all potential environmental liabilities and current assessments are not available for all facilities. Consequently, there may be material environmental liabilities of which we are not aware. In addition, ongoing cleanup and containment operations may not be adequate for purposes of future laws and regulations. The conditions of our properties could also be affected in the future by neighboring operations or the conditions of the land in the vicinity of our properties. These developments and others, such as increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, increasingly strict enforcement of environmental laws and regulations, or claims for damage to property or injury to persons resulting from the environmental, health or safety impact of our operations, may cause us to incur significant costs and liabilities that could have a material adverse effect. 
 Our facilities are required to maintain numerous environmental permits and governmental approvals for our operations. Some of the environmental permits and governmental approvals that have been issued to us or to our facilities contain conditions and restrictions, including restrictions or limits on emissions and discharges of pollutants and contaminants, or may have limited terms. Maintaining these permits and complying with their terms as well as environmental laws and regulations applicable to our business could require us to incur material costs. 
 If we fail to satisfy these conditions or to comply with these restrictions or with applicable environmental laws and regulations, we may become subject to enforcement actions and the operation of the relevant facilities could be adversely affected. We may also be subject to fines, penalties, claims for injunctive relief or additional costs. We may not be able to renew, maintain or obtain all environmental permits and governmental approvals required for the continued operation or further development of our facilities, as a result of which the operation of our facilities may be limited or suspended. 
 Because our specialty products segment manufactures and uses materials that are known to be hazardous, highly combustible and difficult to transport, we are subject to, or affected by, certain product and manufacturing regulations, for which compliance can be costly and time consuming. In addition, we may be subject to personal injury or product liability claims as a result of human exposure to such hazardous materials. 
 We produce hazardous, highly combustible and difficult to transport chemicals, which subject us to regulation by many U.S. and non-U.S. national, supra-national, state and local governmental authorities. In some circumstances, these authorities must review and, in some cases approve, our products and/or manufacturing processes and facilities before we may manufacture and sell some of these chemicals. To be able to manufacture and sell certain new chemical products, we may be required, among other things, to demonstrate to the relevant authority that the product does not pose an unreasonable risk during its intended uses and/or that we are capable of manufacturing the product in compliance with current regulations. The process of seeking any necessary approvals can be costly, time consuming and subject to unanticipated and significant delays. Approvals may not be granted to us on a timely basis, or at all. Any delay in obtaining, or any failure to obtain or maintain these approvals would adversely affect our ability to introduce new products and to generate revenue from those products. New laws and regulations may be introduced in the future that could result in 
 31 

T able of Contents 

 additional compliance costs, bans on product sales or use, seizures, confiscation, recall or monetary fines, any of which could prevent or inhibit the development, distribution or sale of our products and could increase our customers efforts to find less hazardous substitutes for our products. We are subject to ongoing reviews of our products and manufacturing processes. 
 P 2 S 5 is transported through a combination of ground and sea. These materials are highly combustible and difficult to transport, so they must be handled carefully and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. An incident in the transportation of our materials or our failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the transfer of such products could lead to human injuries or significant property damage, regulatory repercussions or could make it difficult to fulfill our obligations to our customers, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Products we have made or used could be the focus of legal claims based upon allegations of harm to human health. We cannot predict the outcome of suits and claims, and an unfavorable outcome in these litigation matters could exceed reserves or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cause our reputation to decline. 
 Our products or facilities could have environmental impacts and side effects. 
 If the products we sell do not have the intended effects, our business may suffer and it may be subject to products liability or other legal actions. Our products contain innovative combinations of materials. While there is data available with respect to the environmental impacts of our fire retardant products that are conducted by governmental agencies, this data is limited to certain locations and periods and therefore, may not capture all the possible environmental impacts and side effects of use or repeated use of our fire retardant products. Similarly, there have been toxicological studies conducted on the impact of our products on certain fish and mammalian species, however, this is limited in scope and therefore, does not present all the potential side effects and/or the products interaction with animal biochemistry. As a result, our products could have certain impact on the environment or the animal population that is currently unknown by the Company. 
 Legal and regulatory claims, investigations and proceedings may be initiated against us in the ordinary course of business. The outcomes and the amounts of any damages awarded, or fines or penalties assessed, cannot be predicted, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be the subject of litigation by customers, suppliers and other third parties. A significant judgment against us, the loss of a significant permit, license or other approval, or a significant fine, penalty or contractual dispute could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences, which exposes us to product liability claims. See Some of the products we produce may cause adverse health consequences, which exposes us to product liability and other claims, and we may, from time to time, be the subject of indemnity claims. Litigation is expensive, time consuming and may divert management s attention away from the operation of the business. The outcome of litigation can never be predicted with certainty and an adverse outcome in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Operating as a Public Company 
 Our management has limited experience in operating a public company. 
 Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team s limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted to our management and growth. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the U.S. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the U.S. may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. 
 32 

T able of Contents 

 The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and divert management s attention, and the increases in legal, accounting and compliance expenses that will result from the Business Combination may be greater than we anticipate. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the NYSE rules. The requirements of these rules and regulations will impact our legal, accounting and compliance expenses, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and place strain on our personnel, systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Ensuring that we will have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be re-evaluated frequently. The company currently outsources its internal audit function and we may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training for our directors, officers and employees, entail substantial costs, and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to operate our business. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important to help prevent fraud. 
 The various rules and regulations applicable to public companies make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain directors and officers liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to maintain coverage. If we are unable to maintain adequate directors and officers insurance, our ability to recruit and retain qualified officers and directors will be significantly curtailed. 
 We expect that the rules and regulations applicable to public companies will result in us incurring substantial additional legal and financial compliance costs. These costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of the material weaknesses is not effective, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations. 
 In connection with the audit of the 2022 financial statements, we identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. As a result of these material weaknesses, our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, as further described in Item 9A, Controls and Procedures Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses are related to the (i) failure to design and implement precise review controls to properly consider key terms and conditions affecting the grant date in accordance with ASC 718, when determining and applying our policy in accounting for PBNQSO and (ii) the material weaknesses reported in our Annual Report for 2021 which include (a) the failure to design and implement review controls at a sufficient level of precision around complex accounting areas and related disclosure, including business combinations and goodwill impairment assessment, specifically related to the determination of carrying value and review of valuation assumptions and a material weakness, and (b) the failure to design and implement controls over the business combination and its effects on the presentation of the statement of cash flows, equity issuance costs, and transaction costs and the judgments made in the determination of purchase consideration 
 The material weakness related to the determination of the grant date in accordance with ASC 718 resulted in material errors to our previously issued unaudited consolidated financial statements on Form 10-Q for the September 2022 Quarter and June 2022 Quarter, and a restatement of those previously issued unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as described in Note 18, Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We are taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses by, among other things, enhancing the precision at which certain review controls are executed relating to the determination and application of accounting policies, specifically those associated with the application of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation and hiring an additional qualified accounting resource, engaging outside resources to assist with the design and implementation of a system of risk-based 
 33 

T able of Contents 

 internal controls, enhancing and formalizing our accounting, business operations and information technology policies, procedures and controls, planning to use outside resources to enhance our business documentation process, provide company-wide training and to help with management s self-assessment and testing of internal controls, and revising user access controls to maintain segregation of duties between the creation, posting and approval of journal entries in our accounting system. However, we are still in the process of implementing these steps and cannot assure investors that these measures will significantly improve or remediate the material weaknesses described above. 
 We may in the future discover additional material weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result from additional material misstatements of our financial statements. Our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses in a timely manner or we identify additional material weaknesses, we may be unable to provide required financial information in a timely and reliable manner and we may incorrectly report financial information. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the stock exchange on which our Ordinary Shares are listed, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Ordinary Shares. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, the price of our securities may be adversely affected. 
 We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established, could adversely affect our public disclosures regarding our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, management s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify additional weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting, or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting, or disclosure of management s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, may have an adverse impact on the price of our securities. 
 Our failure to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 Section 404 and of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 We are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements. If we are not able to implement the additional requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls over financial reporting are effective or may result in a finding that there are additional material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, which may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our securities. 
 Our results of operations may differ significantly from the unaudited pro forma financial data included in the registration statement filed in connection with the Business Combination. 
 The registration statement on Form S-4 filed in connection with the Business Combination included our unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements for us. Those unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements were presented for illustrative purposes only, were based on certain assumptions, address a hypothetical situation and reflect limited historical financial data. Therefore, the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations and financial position that would have been achieved had the Business Combination been consummated on the dates related to those pro forma, or the future consolidated results of operations or financial position of us. Accordingly, our business, assets, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition may differ significantly from those indicated by the unaudited pro forma condensed consolidated combined financial statements included in the registration statement filed in connection with the Business Combination. 
 34 

T able of Contents 

 A market for our securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 
 The price of our Ordinary Shares and Warrants may fluctuate significantly due to general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for our Ordinary Shares and Warrants may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of our Ordinary Shares and Warrants can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, our general business condition and the release of our financial reports. If our Ordinary Shares become delisted from the NYSE for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of our Ordinary Shares may be more limited than if it were quoted or listed on the NYSE or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your Company securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our Ordinary Shares adversely, then the price and trading volume of our Ordinary Shares or Warrants could decline. 
 The trading market for our Ordinary Shares and Warrants will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the price and trading volume of our Ordinary Shares and Warrants would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our Ordinary Shares and Warrants adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, the price of our Ordinary Shares and Warrants would likely decline. 
 If the Business Combination s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. 
 The market price of our Ordinary Shares may decline as a result of the Business Combination if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the Business Combination as rapidly, or to the extent anticipated by, financial analysts or the effect of the Business Combination on our financial results is not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts. Accordingly, holders of our Ordinary Shares may experience a loss as a result of a decline in the market price of such our Ordinary Shares. In addition, a decline in the market price of our Ordinary Shares could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Risks for any holders of our Warrants. 
 We may redeem our Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby significantly impairing the value of such Warrants. We will have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per Warrant, provided that the closing price of our Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 10 consecutive trading days. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force you (i) to exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants, or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. 
 The EverArc Founders, all of whom are directors in our company, have interests that are different, or in addition to the interests of our shareholders. 
 As a result of the Founder Advisory Agreement entered into by EverArc and the EverArc Founder Entity (and assumed by us upon the Merger) to provide incentives to the EverArc Founders to achieve EverArc s, and following the Merger, the Company s, objectives, the EverArc Founders have interests that are different and in addition to your interests as a shareholder and/or warrant holder generally. Specifically, under the Founder Advisory Agreement, as consideration for services provided to the Company by the EverArc Founder Entity, including strategic and capital allocation advice, the Company will pay the EverArc Founder Entity: 
 a fixed advisory amount (the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and a variable advisory amount which variable amount is earned solely based upon appreciation of the market price of our Ordinary Shares (the 
 35 

T able of Contents 

 Variable Annual Advisory Amount, each an Advisory Amount and collectively, the Advisory Amounts as follows: 
 a Fixed Annual Advisory Amount equal to 1.5 of 157,137,410 Ordinary Shares outstanding on the Closing Date (in each case, payable in our Ordinary Shares or partly in cash, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity provided that at least 50 of such amounts are paid in our Ordinary Shares); and 
 a Variable Annual Advisory Amount based on the appreciation of the market price of our Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums (in each case, payable in our Ordinary Shares or partly in cash, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity provided that at least 50 of such amounts are paid in our Ordinary Shares). 
 With respect to the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount, the EverArc Founder Entity will earn such advisory fee even if our shareholders earn a negative return following the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 Pursuant to the Founder Advisory Agreement, we may be required to pay significant fees to the EverArc Founder Entity, which could reduce cash available for investment in the business, working capital and distribution to shareholders. 
 We are required to pay the EverArc Founder Entity a Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and, if earned, a Variable Annual Advisory Amount each year until the years ending December 31, 2027 and December 31, 2031, respectively, pursuant to the Founder Advisory Agreement. Under the Founder Advisory Agreement, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity, at least 50 of the total fees will be paid in Ordinary Shares and the remainder in cash. If the EverArc Founder Entity elects to receive a portion of the future fees in cash, we may need to use cash from operations, borrowings or other sources to make the payment, which will reduce cash available for investing activities, working capital and/or distribution to shareholders. 
 For additional information about the Founder Advisory Agreement, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Founder Advisory Agreement and Note 13, Related Parties, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Our shareholders will experience dilution as a consequence of the issuance of our Ordinary Shares as payment for the Advisory Amounts payable to the EverArc Founder Entity. 
 We will be obligated to pay the Advisory Amounts to the EverArc Founder Entity until the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2031, respectively. The portion of the Advisory Amounts payable in our Ordinary Shares will reduce the percentage shareholdings for those shareholders holding our Ordinary Shares. 
 Pursuant to the Founder Advisory Agreement, we will be required to make a termination payment if the Founder Advisory Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances. 
 In the event the Founder Advisory Agreement is terminated by us upon the Company ceasing to be traded on the NYSE or by the Company upon a sale of us we will pay the EverArc Founders a termination payment in cash. This termination payment may be substantial and will be immediately due and payable on the date of termination of the Founder Advisory Agreement. 
 Risks Related to Investment in a Luxembourg Company 
 We are organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It may be difficult for you to obtain or enforce judgments or bring original actions against us or the members of our Board in the U.S. 
 We are organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. In addition, some of the members of our Board and officers reside outside the U.S. Investors may not be able to effect service of process within the U.S. upon us or these persons or enforce judgments obtained against us or these persons in U.S. courts, including judgments in actions predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. Likewise, it also may be difficult for an investor to enforce in U.S. courts judgments obtained against us or these persons in courts located in jurisdictions outside the U.S., including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. Awards of punitive damages in actions brought in the U.S. or elsewhere are generally not enforceable in Luxembourg. 
 36 

T able of Contents 

 As there is no treaty in force on the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters between the U.S. and Luxembourg, courts in Luxembourg will not automatically recognize and enforce a final judgment rendered by a U.S. court. Pursuant to the general provisions of Luxembourg law for the enforcement of foreign judgments and in particular, but not limited to, article 678 of the Luxembourg New Code of Civil Procedure, a party who obtains a final judgment from a court of competent jurisdiction in the U.S. may initiate enforcement proceedings in Luxembourg exequatur and the District Court Tribunal d Arrondissement may authorize the enforcement in Luxembourg of the U.S. judgment without re-examination of the merits, if it is satisfied that the following conditions are met (which conditions may change): 
 the judgment of the U.S. court is final and enforceable ex cutoire in the U.S.; 
 the U.S. court had jurisdiction over the subject matter leading to the judgment according to the Luxembourg conflict of jurisdictions rules (that is, its jurisdiction was in compliance both with Luxembourg private international law rules and with the applicable domestic U.S. federal or state jurisdictional rules); 
 the U.S. court applied to the dispute the substantive law that would have been applied by Luxembourg courts (based on recent case law and legal doctrine, it is not certain that this condition would still be required for an exequatur to be granted by a Luxembourg court); 
 the judgment was granted following proceedings where the counterparty had the opportunity to appear and, if it appeared, to present a defense, and the decision of the foreign court must not have been obtained by fraud, but with the procedural rules of the jurisdiction in which the judgment was rendered, in particular, in compliance with the rights of the defendant; 
 the U.S. court acted in accordance with its own procedural laws; and 
 the decisions and the considerations of the U.S. court must not be contrary to Luxembourg international public policy rules or have been given in proceedings of a tax or criminal nature or rendered subsequent to an evasion of Luxembourg law fraude la loi ). Awards of damages made under civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws, or other laws, which are classified by Luxembourg courts as being of a penal or punitive nature (for example, fines or punitive damages), might not be recognized by Luxembourg courts. Ordinarily, an award of monetary damages would not be considered as a penalty, but if the monetary damages include punitive damages, such punitive damages may be considered a penalty. 
 In addition, actions brought in a Luxembourg court against us, the members of our Board, or our officers to enforce liabilities based on U.S. federal securities laws may be subject to certain restrictions. In particular, Luxembourg courts generally do not award punitive damages. Litigation in Luxembourg also is subject to rules of procedure that differ from the U.S. rules, including, with respect to the taking and admissibility of evidence, the conduct of the proceedings and the allocation of costs. Proceedings in Luxembourg would have to be conducted in the Luxembourgish, French or German language, and all documents submitted to the court would, in principle, have to be translated into Luxembourgish, French or German. For these reasons, it may be difficult for a U.S. investor to bring an original action in a Luxembourg court predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us, the members of our Board, or our officers. In addition, even if a judgment against us, the non-U.S. members of our Board, or our officers based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws is obtained, a U.S. investor may not be able to enforce it in U.S. or Luxembourg courts. 
 Our directors and officers have entered into, or will enter into, indemnification agreements with us. Under such agreements, the directors and officers will be entitled to indemnification from us to the fullest extent permitted by Luxembourg law against liability and expenses reasonably incurred or paid by him or her in connection with any claim, action, suit, or proceeding in which he or she would be involved by virtue of his or her being or having been a director or officer and against amounts paid or incurred by him or her in the settlement thereof. Luxembourg law permits us to keep directors indemnified against any expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in connection with liability of a director towards us or a third party for management errors i.e., for wrongful acts committed during the execution of the mandate mandat granted to the director by us, except in connection with criminal offenses, gross negligence or fraud. The rights to and obligations of indemnification among or between us and any of our current or former directors and officers are generally governed by the laws of Luxembourg and subject to the jurisdiction of the Luxembourg courts, unless such rights or obligations do not relate to or arise out of such persons capacities listed above. Although there is doubt as to whether U.S. courts would enforce this indemnification provision in an action brought in the U.S. under U.S. federal or state securities laws, this provision could make it more difficult to obtain judgments outside Luxembourg or from non-Luxembourg jurisdictions that would apply Luxembourg law against our assets in Luxembourg. 
 37 

T able of Contents 

 Luxembourg and European insolvency and bankruptcy laws are substantially different from U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws and may offer our shareholders less protection than they would have under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws. 
 As a company organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and with our registered office in Luxembourg, we are subject to Luxembourg insolvency and bankruptcy laws in the event any insolvency proceedings are initiated against us including, among other things, Council and European Parliament Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast). Should courts in another European country determine that the insolvency and bankruptcy laws of that country apply to us in accordance with and subject to such EU regulations, the courts in that country could have jurisdiction over the insolvency proceedings initiated against us. Insolvency and bankruptcy laws in Luxembourg or the relevant other European country, if any, may offer our shareholders less protection than they would have under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws and make it more difficult for them to recover the amount they could expect to recover in a liquidation under U.S. insolvency and bankruptcy laws. 
 The rights of our shareholders may differ from the rights they would have as shareholders of a U.S. corporation, which could adversely impact trading in our Ordinary Shares and our ability to conduct equity financings. 
 Our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of association and the laws of Luxembourg, including the Luxembourg Company Law loi du 10 ao t 1915 sur les soci t s commerciales, telle que modifi e ). The rights of our shareholders and the responsibilities of our directors and officers under Luxembourg law are different from those applicable to a corporation incorporated in the U.S. For example, under Delaware law, the Board of a Delaware corporation bears the ultimate responsibility for managing the business and affairs of a corporation. In discharging this function, directors of a Delaware corporation owe fiduciary duties of care and loyalty to the corporation and its shareholders. Luxembourg law imposes, among others, a duty on directors of a Luxembourg company to: (i) act in good faith with a view to the best interests of a company; and (ii) exercise the care, diligence, and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in a similar position and under comparable circumstances. Additionally, under Delaware law, a shareholder may bring a derivative action on behalf of a company to enforce a company s rights. Under Luxembourg law, the Board has sole authority to decide whether to initiate legal action to enforce a company s rights (other than, in certain circumstances, an action against members of our Board, which may be initiated by the general meeting of the shareholders, or, subject to certain conditions, by minority shareholders holding together at least 10 of the voting rights in the company). Further, under Luxembourg law, there may be less publicly available information about us than is regularly published by or about U.S. issuers. In addition, Luxembourg laws governing the securities of Luxembourg companies may not be as extensive as those in effect in the U.S., and Luxembourg laws and regulations in respect of corporate governance matters might not be as protective of minority shareholders as are state corporation laws in the U.S. Therefore, our shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in connection with actions taken by our directors, officers or principal shareholders than they would as shareholders of a corporation incorporated in the United States. As a result of these differences, our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than they would as shareholders of a U.S. issuer. 
 Our shareholders may be required to bring certain actions asserting claims arising under the Securities Act in the federal district courts of the United States. 
 Pursuant to our articles of association, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the U.S. federal district courts will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act. This forum provision prevents our shareholders from bringing claims arising under the Securities Act in a Luxembourg court, which court our shareholders may view as more convenient, cost effective or advantageous to the claims made in such action and therefore may discourage such actions. 
 The Securities Act forum provision is not intended by us to limit the forum available to our shareholders for actions or proceedings asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act. 
 The validity and enforceability of such exclusive forum clause cannot be confirmed under Luxembourg law. If a court were to find the exclusive forum clause to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 38 

T able of Contents 

 Risks Related to Taxes 
 If we are or become a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, U.S. Holders of our Ordinary Shares or Warrants could be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 A PFIC is any foreign (i.e., non-U.S.) corporation with respect to which either: (i) 75 or more of the gross income for a taxable year constitutes passive income for purposes of the PFIC rules, or (ii) 50 or more of such foreign corporation s assets in any taxable year (generally based on the quarterly average of the value of its assets during such year) is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. Passive income generally includes dividends, interest, certain royalties and rents, annuities, net gains from the sale or exchange of property producing such income and net foreign currency gains. If we are or become a PFIC for any taxable year or any portion thereof during which a United States person holds our Ordinary Shares or Warrants (such person, a U.S. Holder ), certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences may apply to such U.S. Holder. 
 As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, we have not made a determination as to our PFIC status for our current or preceding taxable year. Whether we are treated as a PFIC for any taxable year is a factual determination that can only be made after the close of such taxable year and, thus, is subject to significant uncertainty and change. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for any taxable year. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to their investment in our Ordinary Shares or Warrants. 
 If a United States person is treated as owning at least 10 of our Ordinary Shares, such person may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 If a United States person is treated as owning (directly, indirectly or constructively) at least 10 of the value or voting power of our Ordinary Shares, such person may be treated as a United States shareholder with respect to each of PSSA and our direct and indirect subsidiaries PSSA Group that is a controlled foreign corporation ("CFC") for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the PSSA Group includes one or more U.S. subsidiaries, certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries could be treated as CFCs regardless of whether we are treated as a CFC. The PSSA Group currently includes a U.S. subsidiary. 
 A United States shareholder of a CFC may be subject to adverse income inclusion and reporting requirements. Failure to comply with these reporting obligations (or related tax payment obligations) may subject such United States shareholder to significant monetary penalties and may prevent the statute of limitations with respect to such United States shareholder s U.S. federal income tax return for the year for which reporting or payment of tax was due from starting. We cannot provide any assurances that we will assist holders in determining whether any of its non-U.S. subsidiaries is treated as a CFC or whether any holder is treated as a United States shareholder with respect to any of such CFCs or furnish to any holder information that may be necessary to comply with reporting and tax paying obligations. 
 Additional taxes could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our tax filings are subject to audits by tax authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the taxing authorities or through the courts. Currently, we believe there are no outstanding assessments whose resolution would result in a material adverse financial result. However, we cannot offer assurances that unasserted or potential future assessments would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in tax laws may materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act IRA was enacted in the United States on August 16, 2022. Among other provisions, the IRA included a new corporate alternative minimum tax on adjusted financial statement income and an excise tax on certain corporate share repurchases. While we do not currently anticipate that the IRA will have a material effect on our financial performance, we will continue to monitor its potential impact as new information and guidance becomes available. 
 General Risk Factors 
 39 

T able of Contents 

 We may require additional capital to fund our operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us or at all or generate cash flows necessary to maintain or expand our operations, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We expect to devote substantial financial resources to our ongoing and planned activities. We expect our expenses to continue to increase as our volumes and revenues increase. Furthermore, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a public company. Accordingly, we may need to obtain additional capital to fund our continuing operations. 
 We believe that our existing cash and other resources will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months; however, these assumptions are based on estimates that may be wrong. As a result, we could deplete our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. 
 In the event that we require additional financing, we may not be able to raise such financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If we are unable to raise additional capital on terms acceptable to us or at all or generate cash flows necessary to maintain or expand our operations and invest in our business, we may not be able to compete successfully, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Cybersecurity attack, acts of cyber-terrorism, failure of technology systems and other disruptions to our information technology systems could compromise our information, disrupt our operations, and expose us to liability, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our employees in our information technology systems, including in our data servers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this data is critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached or disrupted due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such attack, breach or disruption could compromise our information technology systems and the information stored in them could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen and our business operations could be disrupted. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information or business disruption could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our insurance may not fully cover all of our operational risks, including, but not limited to, environmental risks, and changes in the cost of insurance or the availability of insurance could materially increase our insurance costs or result in a decrease in our insurance coverage. 
 We have a significant concentration of our manufacturing facilities. Natural disasters and severe weather events (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods, landslides and wind or hailstorms) or other extraordinary events subject us to property loss and business interruption. Illegal or unethical conduct by employees, customers, vendors and unaffiliated third parties can also impact our business. Other potential liabilities arising out of our operations may involve claims by employees, customers or third parties for personal injury, product liability or property damage and potential fines and penalties in connection with alleged violations of regulatory requirements. 
 In certain instances, our insurance may not fully cover an insured loss depending on the magnitude and nature of the claim. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will not be exposed to uninsured or underinsured losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, changes in the cost of insurance or the availability of insurance in the future could substantially increase our costs to maintain our current level of coverage or could cause us to reduce our insurance coverage. 
 We are subject to general governmental regulation and other legal obligations, including those related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 We receive, store and process personal information and other data from and about customers in addition to our employees and services providers. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation 
 40 

T able of Contents 

 by various government agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the FTC and various state, local and foreign agencies. Our data handling also is subject to contractual obligations and industry standards. 
 The U.S. federal and various state governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, storage and security of data relating to individuals, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals and businesses. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA became effective January 1, 2020. The CCPA requires covered businesses to, among other things, make new disclosures to consumers about their data collection, use, and sharing practices, and allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties. The CCPA also provides a new private cause of action for certain data breaches. The California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA which will become effective on January 1, 2023, will significantly modify the CCPA, and also create a new state agency that will be vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. The effects of the CCPA and the CPRA are potentially significant and may require us to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and/or litigation. States such as Virginia have enacted and we expect additional states may also enact legislation similar to the CCPA and CPRA. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. 
 Several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, have laws and regulations dealing with the handling and processing of personal information obtained from their residents, which in certain cases are more restrictive than those in the United States, and we expect additional jurisdictions may enact similar regulations. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of various types of data, including data that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, email addresses and in some jurisdictions, Internet Protocol addresses. Within the European Union, legislators have adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR which became effective in May 2018. The GDPR includes more stringent operational requirements for processors and controllers of personal data than previous EU data protection laws and imposes significant penalties for non-compliance. 
 These domestic and foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security are evolving, can be subject to significant change and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. Interpretation of certain requirements remains unclear and may evolve, in particular for regulations that have recently been enacted. Application of laws may be inconsistent or may conflict among jurisdictions resulting in additional complexity and increased legal risk. In addition, these regulations have increased our compliance costs and may impair our ability to grow our business or offer our service in some locations, may subject us to liability for non-compliance, may require us to modify our data processing and transferring practices and policies and may strain our technical capabilities. 
 We also handle credit card and other personal information. Due to the sensitive nature of such information, we have implemented procedures in an effort to preserve and protect our data and our customers data against loss, misuse, corruption, misappropriation caused by systems failures, unauthorized access or misuse. Notwithstanding these procedures, we could be subject to liability claims by individuals and customers whose data resides in our databases for the misuse of that information. If we fail to meet appropriate compliance levels, this could negatively impact our ability to utilize credit cards as a method of payment, and/or collect and store credit card information, which could disrupt our business. 
 We may be subject to rules of the FTC, the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC and potentially other federal agencies and state laws related to commercial electronic mail and other messages. Compliance with these provisions may limit our ability to send certain types of messages. If we were found to have violated such rules and regulations, we may face enforcement actions by the FTC or FCC or face civil penalties, either of which could adversely affect our business. 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal or contractual obligations, industry standards, or regulatory guidance relating to privacy or data security, may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity, and could cause our customers and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, marketing, consumer communications, information security and local data residency in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions, and we cannot determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

T able of Contents 

 The continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic and our business may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The spread of COVID-19 had a material economic effect on our business due to government-imposed restrictions on travel and shelter-in-place orders, increased teleworking, a reduction in business travel and disrupted supply chains worldwide. Although our business and operations have returned to pre-COVID levels, should we experience another COVID-19-like virus outbreak in the future with similar restrictions, we would anticipate a similar impact on our business. 
 The loss of key personnel or our inability to attract and retain new qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully. 
 Our success depends on the continuing services of certain members of the current management team. Our executive team are incentivized by share-based compensation grants that align the interests of investors with the executive team and certain executives have employment agreements. The loss of key management, employees or third-party contractors could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, the success of our operations will largely depend upon our ability to successfully attract and maintain competent and qualified key management personnel. As with any company with limited resources, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to attract such individuals or that the presence of such individuals will necessarily translate into profitability for our company. If we are successful in attracting and retaining such individuals, it is likely that our payroll costs and related expenses will increase significantly and that there will be additional dilution to existing shareholders as a result of equity incentives that may need to be issued to such management personnel. Our inability to attract and retain key personnel may materially and adversely affect our business operations. Any failure by our management to effectively anticipate, implement, and manage personnel required to sustain our growth would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 42 

T able of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties. 
 The following table indicates our principal manufacturing, distribution and equipment service locations and the reportable segment that makes major use of them; headquarter locations are also included. Except as otherwise indicated, we lease these facilities. 
 Fire Safety Specialty Products Rancho Cucamonga, California X McClellan Park, California X Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada X Sturgeon County, Alberta, Canada X Aix-En-Provence, France X New South Wales, Australia X Green Bay, Wisconsin X Mieres, Spain X Post Falls, Idaho X Moreland, Idaho X Knapsack, Germany X Sauget, Illinois X Clayton, Missouri (Corporate Headquarters) Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Executive Headquarters) Owned Tolling facility 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are involved in various claims, actions, and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, including a number of matters related to the aqueous film forming foam litigation consolidated in the District of South Carolina multi-district litigation and other similar matters pending in other jurisdictions in the United States. Our exposure to losses, if any, is not considered probable or reasonably estimable at this time. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not Applicable. 
 43 

T able of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our Ordinary Shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol PRM. As of February 24, 2023, the closing price of our Ordinary Shares on the NYSE was 8.67 and we had 46 shareholders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 In accordance with the Luxembourg company law, from our annual net profits, at least 5 shall each year be allocated to a reserve (the Legal Reserve ). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10 of the amount of our share capital. The general meeting of shareholders has the power to make a resolution on the payment of dividends upon the recommendation of our Board. In deciding whether to recommend any future dividend, the Board would take into account any legal or contractual limitation, our actual and anticipated future earnings, cash flows, debt service and capital requirements, our business plans and such other matters as the Board believes appropriate, in its discretion. We anticipate that any available cash will be retained by us to satisfy our operational and other cash needs, accordingly, we do not expect to pay any cash dividend on our Ordinary Shares in the foreseeable future. 
 Performance Graph 
 The performance graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of a hypothetical investment in our Ordinary Shares with the cumulative total return of a hypothetical investment in each of the Russell 2000 Index and the S P Smallcap 600 Materials Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Ordinary Shares and in each of the indexes on November 9, 2021, and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The share price performance of our Ordinary Shares is not necessarily indicative of future performance. 
 
 44 

The above information under the caption Performance Graph shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act except to the extent we specifically request that such information be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate such information by reference into such a filing. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Below is a summary of Ordinary Share repurchases for the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan or Program (1) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 4,934,376 7.55 4,934,376 34,806,665 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 584,144 7.58 584,144 34,222,521 December 1, 2022 -December 31, 2022 34,222,521 Total 5,518,520 7.55 5,518,520 
 (1) On December 7, 2021, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan ). The Share Repurchase Plan allows the Company, which includes any subsidiary of the Company, to repurchase up to 100.0 million of its issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares at any time during the next 24 months or, if different, such other timeframe as approved by the shareholders of the Company. On July 21, 2022, subject to certain limits, the shareholders of the Company approved a proposal authorizing the Board to repurchase up to 25 of the Company s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of the shareholders approval, being 40,659,257 Ordinary Shares, at any time during the next five years. On November 3, 2022, the Board re-established the limit for Ordinary Share repurchases at 100.0 million, which is within the repurchase limit approved by Company s shareholders on July 21, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 45 

T able of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report. This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information available to our management as of the date hereof. As a result of many factors, such as those set forth under Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report, our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 Overview 
 PSSA, a public company limited by shares soci t anonyme was incorporated on June 21, 2021 under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purpose of effecting a business combination. PSSA is headquartered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg with global operations in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. 
 On November 8, 2019, EverArc was formed for the purpose of undertaking an acquisition of one target company or business. EverArc completed its initial public offering on December 17, 2019 by placing 34,000,000 EverArc Ordinary Shares and accompanying EverArc Warrants and completed an additional offering on January 15, 2020 by issuing 6,800,000 EverArc Ordinary Shares with no accompanying EverArc Warrants, generating net proceeds of 401.0 million. The net proceeds were not placed in any trust or escrow account but were instead held in U.S. Treasuries or money market fund instruments to be used to fund an initial business combination. EverArc Ordinary Shares and EverArc Warrants were listed for trading on the London Stock Exchange under the symbols EVRA, and EVWA, respectively. 
 Merger Sub was also formed solely in contemplation of a business combination. Neither EverArc nor Merger Sub had commenced any operations, had only nominal assets and had no liabilities or contingent liabilities, nor any outstanding commitments other than those in connection with contemplated business combination. 
 On the Closing Date, PSSA consummated the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination with EverArc, SK Holdings, Perimeter Solutions and Merger Sub pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement dated June 15, 2021. 
 Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, 
 On November 8, 2021: 
 Merger Sub merged with and into EverArc, with EverArc surviving the Merger as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSA; 
 pursuant to the Merger, 155,832,600 EverArc Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger were exchanged for Ordinary Shares ; and 
 34,020,000 outstanding EverArc Warrants , in each case, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-fourth of one EverArc Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 12.00 per whole EverArc Ordinary Share, were converted into the right to purchase Warrants ; and 
 On November 8, 2021, EverArc Ordinary Shares and EverArc Warrants were formally delisted from the London Stock Exchange and pursuant to the Subscription Agreements the EverArc Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 115,000,000 EverArc Ordinary Shares at 10.00 per share that were converted into Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Merger. 
 On November 9, 2021: 
 SK Holdings (i) along with officers and certain key employees of SK Intermediate contributed a portion of their ordinary shares in SK Intermediate to PSSA in exchange for 10 million 6.50 Redeemable Preferred Shares of PSSA Redeemable Preferred Shares"), nominal value of 10.00 per share, valued at 100.0 million and (ii) sold its remaining ordinary shares in SK Intermediate for approximately 1,900.0 million in cash subject to certain customary adjustments for working capital, transaction expenses, cash and indebtedness; 
 46 

T able of Contents 

 the Ordinary Shares were listed and began trading on the NYSE under the symbol "PRM"; 
 the Management Subscribers were granted an aggregate of 1,104,810 Ordinary Shares at 10.00 per share as consideration and the Director Subscribers purchased an aggregate of 200,000 Ordinary Shares at 10.00 per share; and 
 675.0 million Senior Notes issued by EverArc Escrow S. r.l. Escrow Issuer ), a newly-formed limited liability company governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and a wholly owned subsidiary of EverArc under an indenture dated as of October 22, 2021 was assumed by SK Invictus Intermediate II S. r.l., a soci t responsabilit limit e (limited liability company) governed by the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg SK Intermediate II. 
 The cash consideration for the Business Combination was funded through cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of the EverArc Ordinary Shares to the EverArc Subscribers, proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 In connection with the Business Combination, the Merger was accounted for as a common control transaction, where substantially all of the net assets of PSSA will be those previously held by EverArc. Upon the acquisition of SK Intermediate, PSSA was determined to be the Successor and SK Intermediate was deemed to be the Predecessor. The business combination with SK Intermediate was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting and the Successor financial statements reflect a new basis of accounting based on the fair value of the net assets acquired. As a result of the application of the acquisition method of accounting, our consolidated financial statements and certain presentations are separated into two distinct periods to indicate the different ownership and accounting basis between the periods presented, the period before the consummation of the Business Combination, which includes the period from January 1, 2021 to November 8, 2021 (the 2021 Predecessor Period and the year ended December 31, 2020 (the 2020 Predecessor Period and the period on and after the consummation of the Business Combination, from the Closing Date to December 31, 2021 (the 2021 Successor Period ). 
 SK Intermediate was formed by SK Capital Partners IV-A, L.P. and SK Capital Partners IV-A, L.P. (collectively, the Sponsor on February 12, 2018 and commenced operations on the same date. 
 We are a global solutions provider, producing high-quality firefighting products and lubricant additives. Approximately 74 of our annual revenues is derived in the United States, approximately 15 in Europe, approximately 5 in Canada and approximately 2 in Mexico, respectively, and remaining approximately 4 across various other countries. 
 Our business is organized and managed in two reporting segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products (formerly Oil Additives). 
 The Fire Safety business is a formulator and manufacturer of fire management products that help our customers combat various types of fires, including wildland, structural, flammable liquids and other types of fires. Our Fire Safety business also offers specialized equipment and services, typically in conjunction with our fire management products to support firefighting operations. Our specialized equipment includes air base retardant storage, mixing, and delivery equipment; mobile retardant bases; retardant ground application units; mobile foam equipment; and equipment that we custom design and manufacture to meet specific customer needs. Our service network can meet the emergency resupply needs of over 150 air tanker bases in North America, as well as many other customer locations globally. The segment is built on the premise of superior technology, exceptional responsiveness to our customers needs, and a never-fail service network. Significant end markets include primarily government-related entities and are dependent on approvals, qualifications, and permits granted by the respective governments and commercial customers around the world. 
 In June 2022, the Oil Additives segment, which produces and sells P 2 S 5 , was renamed the Specialty Products segment to better reflect the current and expanding applications for P 2 S 5 in several end markets and applications, including lubricant additives, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the lubricant additive end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. In addition, ZDDP inhibits oxidation of engine oil by scavenging free radicals that initiate oil breakdown and sludge formation, resulting in better and longer engine function. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. We offer several grades of P 2 S 5 with varying degrees of phosphorus content, particle size, distribution, and reactivity to global customers. 
 47 

T able of Contents 

 During the third quarter of 2022, we completed a re-organization into seven business units within our two reporting segments. The business unit structure is meant to promote the decentralized execution and accountability, and maintain the geography- and product-specific focus and granularity, necessary to drive continued improvement in our key operational value drivers. Our key operational value drivers are profitable new business, pricing our products and services to the value they provide, and continued productivity improvements. Each business unit has a business unit manager, who is responsible for achieving targeted financial and operational results. 
 
 Restatement and Revision of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 In connection with preparing this Annual Report we determined that: 
 the technical requirements under ASC 718 for establishing a grant date on the date when the PBNQSO were awarded to employees and non-employees were not met since a mutual understanding of the terms and conditions did not exist as our compensation committee has the ability to adjust, at its discretion, how AOP against the performance target will be measured. Consequently, the service inception date of these PBNQSO precedes the grant date and we should have recognized compensation expense beginning on the service inception date and remeasured the fair value of the PBNQSO at the end of each reporting period until a grant date is established. Under the previously applied accounting treatment, we recorded compensation costs based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model (the Stock Options Error and 
 the amortization of the step-up in basis of inventory, which is a non-cash adjustment to inventory cost established at the time of Business Combination was understated during the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (the Inventory Amortization Error ). 
 Management evaluated the effect of the Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error on our previously issued consolidated financial statements under ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections , Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99, Materiality , and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements and concluded that: 
 the Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error were material to the previously issued September 2022 Quarter and June 2022 Quarter, and, as a result, such unaudited financial statements should be restated; 
 Stock Options Error and the Inventory Amortization Error were immaterial to the previously issued March 2022 Quarter, and, as a result, such unaudited financial statements should be revised. 
 Inventory Amortization Error was immaterial to the previously issued December 2021 Period, and, as a result, such financial statements should be revised. 
 This Annual Report includes (1) unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the September 2022 Quarter and the June 2022 Quarter with modifications as necessary to reflect the restatement, (2) unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the March 2022 Quarter with modifications as necessary to reflect revisions for correcting immaterial errors and (3) consolidated financial statements for the December 2021 Period with modifications as necessary to reflect revisions for correcting an immaterial error to the following items: Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 We do not plan to amend previously issued September 2022 Quarter and June 2022 Quarter quarterly reports in connection with the restatement. Accordingly, investors should no longer rely upon our previously released financial statements and any earnings releases or other financial communications relating to this period. The condensed consolidated financial statements that have been previously filed or otherwise reported for this period are superseded by the information in this Annual Report. Unless otherwise stated, all financial and accounting information contained in this Annual Report has been revised to reflect the corrected presentation. 
 In connection with the restatement, management has assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Based on this assessment, management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, resulting in the conclusion by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer that our internal control 
 48 

T able of Contents 

 over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. Management is taking steps to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, as described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Known Trends and Uncertainties 
 Growth in Fire Safety 
 We believe that our Fire Safety segment benefits from several secular growth drivers, including increasing fire severity, as measured by higher acres burned, longer fire seasons and a growing wildland urban interface resulting in a need for higher quantity of retardant use per acre and thereby increasing airtanker capacity. We believe that these trends are prevalent in North America, as well as globally. 
 We are also attempting to grow our fire prevention and protection business, which is primarily focused on high hazard industries like electrical utilities, railroads and transportation agencies. Fire prevention products can be used to prevent fire ignitions and protect property from potential fire danger by providing proactive retardant treatment in high-risk areas. Treating these areas ahead of the fire season can potentially stop ignitions from equipment failures or sparks. Our new Phos-Chek Fortify product, applied before or early in the fire season, can provide long-term protection until a significant rainfall event. In addition, Phos-Chek Fortify can proactively be applied to protect high value assets and critical infrastructure from the danger of wildfire. 
 We expect these trends to continue in 2023 and beyond and drive growth in demand for fire retardant products. We have invested and also intend to continue investing in the expansion our fire safety business through acquisitions in order to further grow our global customer base. Acquisitions and divestitures during the most recent two fiscal years are described in Note 3, Business Acquisitions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Weather Conditions and Climate Trends 
 Our business is highly dependent on the needs of government agencies to suppress fires. As such, our financial condition and results of operations are significantly impacted by weather as well as environmental and other factors affecting climate change, which impact the number and severity of fires in any given year. Historically, sales of our products have been higher in the summer season of each fiscal year due to weather patterns which are generally correlated to a higher prevalence of wildfires. This is in part offset by the disbursement of our operations in both the northern and southern hemispheres, where the summer seasons alternate. 
 Global Economic Environment 
 Russia s Invasion of Ukraine 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. While we have limited exposure in Russia and Ukraine, we continue to monitor any broader impact to the global economy, including with respect to inflation, supply chains and fuel prices. The full impact of the conflict on our business and financial results remains uncertain and will depend on the severity and duration of the conflict and its impact on regional and global economic conditions. 
 Inflationary Cost Environment 
 During fiscal 2021 and continuing into the current fiscal year, global commodity and labor markets experienced significant inflationary pressures attributable to ongoing economic recovery and supply chain issues. We are subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials, labor and transportation. Accordingly, we continue to take actions with our customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, we cannot provide assurance that they will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. Interest payments for borrowings under our revolving credit facility are based on variable rates. As a result, any continued increase in interest rates may reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 49 

T able of Contents 

 Ongoing COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The pandemic caused by an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, which causes COVID-19 that began in December 2019 introduced significant volatility to the global health and economic environment, including millions of confirmed COVID-19 cases, business slowdowns or shutdowns, government challenges and market volatility throughout 2020 into 2022. 
 While the ongoing impact from the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, disruptions to supply chains, transportation efficiency, and availability of raw materials and labor continue to persist. The exact pace and timing of the economic recovery remains uncertain and is expected to continue to be uneven depending on various factors. As the consequences of the pandemic and adverse impact to the global economy continue to evolve, the future adverse impact on our business and financial statements remains subject to uncertainty as of the date of this filing. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 We have prepared our discussion of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 by comparing the results for the year ended December 31, 2022 with the combined amounts for 2021 Successor Period and the 2021 Predecessor Period S/P Combined as the Successor and Predecessor entities are expected to be largely consistent, excluding the impact on certain financial statement line items that were impacted by the Business Combination such as depreciation and amortization expense on PSSA s property, plant, and equipment and intangible asset balances made under the new basis of accounting. We believe this approach provides the most meaningful basis of comparison and is more useful in discussing our overall operating performance when compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 The combined results of operations included in our discussion below are not considered to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP non-U.S. GAAP and have not been prepared as pro forma results under applicable regulations, may not reflect the actual results we would have achieved had the Business Combination occurred at the beginning of fiscal 2021, and should not be viewed as a substitute for the results of operations of the 2021 Successor Period and the 2021 Predecessor presented in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 S/P Combined 
 Total Company 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for each of the periods indicated. The change column reflects the comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 with the S/P Combined 2021 (in thousands): 
 50 

T able of Contents 

 Successor Predecessor Change Year Ended December 31, 2022 November 9, 2021 
 Through 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 (non-GAAP) S/P Combined Net sales 360,505 21,023 341,315 362,338 (1,833) (1 Cost of goods sold 217,853 23,710 172,136 195,846 22,007 11 Gross profit 142,652 (2,687) 169,179 166,492 (23,840) (14 Operating expenses Selling, general and administrative expense 74,319 16,982 38,981 55,963 18,356 33 Amortization expense 55,105 8,004 45,424 53,428 1,677 3 Founders advisory fees - related party (117,302) 652,990 652,990 (770,292) (118 Other operating expense 465 92 4,153 4,245 (3,780) (89 Total operating expenses 12,587 678,068 88,558 766,626 (754,039) (98 Operating income (loss) 130,065 (680,755) 80,621 (600,134) 730,199 (122 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 42,585 6,352 39,087 45,439 (2,854) (6 (Gain) loss on contingent earn-out (12,706) 198 2,965 3,163 (15,869) (502 Unrealized foreign currency loss 3,462 1,006 4,026 5,032 (1,570) (31 Other (income) expense, net (503) (2) (222) (224) (279) 125 Total other expense, net 32,838 7,554 45,856 53,410 (20,572) (39 Income (loss) before income taxes 97,227 (688,309) 34,765 (653,544) 750,771 (115 Income tax (expense) benefit (5,469) 6,160 (14,136) (7,976) 2,507 (31 Net income (loss) 91,758 (682,149) 20,629 (661,520) 753,278 (114 
 Net Sales. Net sales decreased by 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. Net sales in the Fire Safety segment decreased by 34.6 million, representing lower fire retardant sales of 42.5 million offset by a 7.9 million increase in fire suppressant sales. Fire retardant sales decreased by 44.6 million in the Americas due to a mild fire season in North America offset by increases of 1.6 million in Asia Pacific and 0.5 million in Europe. Fire retardant sales in a given geography are generally driven by the severity of the fire season in that geography. Fire suppressant sales increased by 3.1 million in the Americas driven by fluorine free foam concentrate and foam systems, 2.4 million in Asia Pacific because of higher fluorine free concentrates sales in Australia along with increased shipments to Asia and 2.4 million in Europe due to improved market share and geographic reach. Net sales in the Specialty Products segment increased by 32.8 million, of which 24.2 million was in the Americas and 8.6 million was in Europe. Specialty Product sales are primarily driven by improvement in our relevant market position in each region; as well as the adoption of our P 2 S 5 products in several new end markets and applications. 
 Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold increased by 22.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase in Fire Safety segment of 20.0 million was primarily due to a 21.6 million increase in amortization of inventory step-up related to the Business Combination and 1.8 million in increased labor a nd share-based compensation expense offset by 3.4 million in lower material and manufacturing costs. The 2.0 million increase in the Specialty Products segment was due to a 2.7 million increase in insurance costs, a 2.3 million increase in depreciation expense, a 0.9 million increase in lease expense offset by a 2.9 million decrease in amortization of step-up inventory related to the Business Combination and 1.0 million in lower raw material and manufacturing costs . 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 18.4 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a 4.2 million increase in personnel related and share-based compensation expenses, a 5.5 million increase in accounting, legal, consulting and other administrative expenses, a 5.2 million increase in insurance costs and a 3.5 million increase in logistics expenses. 
 Amortization Expense. Amortization expense increased by 1.7 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The increase was primarily due to a 2.2 million increase in amortization expense related to definite lived intangible assets offset by a 0.5 million effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 51 

T able of Contents 

 Founder advisory fees - related party. The founder advisory fees - related party decreased by 770.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease was due to recognizing the entire liability in 2021 and recording a reduction in the fair value in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in average price from 13.63 per Ordinary Share to 8.86 per Ordinary Share, of the liability-classified Fixed and Variable Annual Advisory Amounts of 117.3 million (the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount decreased by 35.6 million and Variable Annual Advisory Amount decreased by 81.7 million) for the year ended December 31, 2022. The expense recorded for the Fixed and Variable Annual Advisory Amounts in 2021 was 653.0 million (Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of 213.3 million and Variable Annual Advisory Amount of 439.7 million) . The Fixed Annual Advisory Amount is valued using the period end volume weighted average closing share price of our Ordinary Shares for ten consecutive trading days and the Variable Annual Advisory Amount at the end of each reporting period is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Interest Expense. Interest expense de creased by 2.9 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease was due to 11.8 million write-off of the deferred finance fees on repayment of Predecessor debt upon consummation of the Business Combination recognized in 2021, offset by 6.5 million of dividends on the 6.50 Redeemable Preferred Shares, included in interest expense, and higher interest rates on outstanding debt compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Gain on Contingent Earn-out. The contingent earn-out relating to the purchase of LaderaTech, Inc. decreased by 15.9 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 due to a reduction in the fair value of the contingent consideration by 12.7 million in 2022 as a result of a change in the forecast of the product mix from an earn-out eligible fire retardant to the Company-developed fire retardant that is ineligible for earn-out compared to a 3.2 million increase in 2021 in the fair value of the contingent consideration. 
 Unrealized Foreign Currency Loss. Unrealized foreign currency loss de creased by 1.6 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to strengthening of the US dollar, primarily against the Euro, during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Income Tax Expense. Income tax expense de creased by 2.5 million f or the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. The decrease is due primarily to changes in earnings in jurisdictions that were not covered by a valuation allowance and the impact of non-deductible compensation, non-taxable gain on contingent earn-out and accrued withholding taxes on unremitted earnings. 
 Business Segments 
 We use segment net sales and segment adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization Adjusted EBITDA ), financial measures that are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ), to evaluate operating performance by segment, for business planning purposes and to allocate resources. The following tables provide information for our net sales and Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor (non-GAAP) S/P Combined Year Ended December 31, 2022 November 9, 2021 Through December 31, 2021 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Fire Safety Specialty Products Fire Safety Specialty Products Fire Safety Specialty Products Fire Safety Specialty Products Net sales 226,583 133,922 7,913 13,110 253,267 88,048 261,180 101,158 Adjusted EBITDA 77,365 48,026 (3,696) 1,838 121,589 21,703 117,893 23,541 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Fire Safety segment f or the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 40.5 million to 77.4 million compared to the same period in 2021 . The decrease was primarily due to lower sales as a result of a mild fire season in North America and higher operating expenses offset by lower cost of goods sold. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for our Specialty Products segment f or the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 24.5 million to 48.0 million compared to the same period in 2021 . The increase was primarily due to higher sales offset by higher cost of goods sold and operating expenses. 
 52 

T able of Contents 

 Year Ended December 31, 2021 S/P Combined Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 For a detailed discussion of our consolidated results of operations for S/P Combined compared to 2020 Predecessor Period, refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations of Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 Restated Financial Information 
 September 2022 Quarter 
 The following table and discussion reflect the effect of the restatement on the results of operations for the September 2022 Quarter (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2022 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2022 As Reported Adjustment As Restated As Reported Adjustment As Restated Net sales 160,509 160,509 319,232 319,232 Cost of goods sold 74,707 (946) 73,761 191,757 (4,603) 187,154 Gross profit 85,802 946 86,748 127,475 4,603 132,078 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense 22,381 (6,731) 15,650 64,803 (10,320) 54,483 Amortization expense 13,738 13,738 41,395 41,395 Founders advisory fees - related party (73,713) (73,713) (154,026) (154,026) Other operating expense (51) (51) 405 405 Total operating expenses (37,645) (6,731) (44,376) (47,423) (10,320) (57,743) Operating income 123,447 7,677 131,124 174,898 14,923 189,821 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 9,944 9,944 32,582 32,582 Gain on contingent earn-out (3,644) (3,644) (13,042) (13,042) Unrealized foreign currency loss 4,705 4,705 8,741 8,741 Other income, net (785) (785) (820) (820) Total other expense, net 10,220 10,220 27,461 27,461 Income before income taxes 113,227 7,677 120,904 147,437 14,923 162,360 Income tax (expense) benefit (34,516) 19,839 (14,677) (23,692) 13,449 (10,243) Net income 78,711 27,516 106,227 123,745 28,372 152,117 
 Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold decreased by 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022 primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Cost of goods sold decreased by 4.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2022 primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model of 1.4 million and a decrease in the amortization of inventory step-up related to the Business Combination of 3.2 million. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased by 6.7 million and 10.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022, respectively, primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 Income Tax (Expense) Benefit. Income tax expense decreased by 19.8 million and 13.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022, respectively, primarily due to the change in recognizing compensation expense related to the PBNQSO . 
 53 

T able of Contents 

 June 2022 Quarter 
 The following table and discussion reflect the effect of the restatement on the results of operations for the June 2022 Quarter (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended June 30, 2022 Six Months Ended June 30, 2022 As Reported Adjustment As Restated As Reported Adjustment As Restated Net sales 100,965 100,965 158,723 158,723 Cost of goods sold 72,423 (373) 72,050 117,050 (3,657) 113,393 Gross profit 28,542 373 28,915 41,673 3,657 45,330 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense 22,614 (2,935) 19,679 42,422 (3,589) 38,833 Amortization expense 13,802 13,802 27,657 27,657 Founders advisory fees - related party (20,465) (20,465) (80,313) (80,313) Other operating expense 260 260 456 456 Total operating expenses (income) 16,211 (2,935) 13,276 (9,778) (3,589) (13,367) Operating income 12,331 3,308 15,639 51,451 7,246 58,697 Other expense (income): Interest expense, net 12,142 12,142 22,638 22,638 Gain on contingent earn-out (9,398) (9,398) (9,398) (9,398) Unrealized foreign currency loss 3,156 3,156 4,036 4,036 Other income, net (200) (200) (35) (35) Total other expense, net 5,700 5,700 17,241 17,241 Income before income taxes 6,631 3,308 9,939 34,210 7,246 41,456 Income tax benefit (expense) 592 (1,604) (1,012) 10,824 (6,390) 4,434 Net income 7,223 1,704 8,927 45,034 856 45,890 
 Cost of Goods Sold. Cost of goods sold decreased by 0.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2022 primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Cost of goods sold decreased by 3.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2022 primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model of 0.5 million and a decrease in the amortization of inventory step-up related to the Business Combination of 3.2 million . 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased by 2.9 million and 3.6 million, for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, respectively, primarily due to recognizing compensation expense based on the remeasurement of the fair value of the PBNQSO at period end using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model compared to the previously recognized compensation expense based on the grant date fair value calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense). Income tax benefit decreased by 1.6 million and 6.4 million for the three and six months ended June 30, 2022, respectively, primarily due to the change in recognizing compensation expense related to the PBNQSO . 
 March 2022 Quarter 
 The following table reflects the effect of revisions on the results of operations for the March 2022 Quarter (in thousands): 
 54 

T able of Contents 

 Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Reported Adjustment As Restated Cost of goods sold 44,627 (3,284) 41,343 Gross profit 13,131 3,284 16,415 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense 19,808 (654) 19,154 Total operating expenses (25,989) (654) (26,643) Operating income 39,120 3,938 43,058 Income before income taxes 27,579 3,938 31,517 Income tax benefit (expense) 10,232 (4,786) 5,446 Net income (loss) 37,811 (848) 36,963 
 December 2021 Period 
 The following table reflects the effect of revisions on the results of operations for the December 2021 Period (in thousands): 
 November 9, 2021 Through December 31, 2021 As Reported Adjustment As Restated Cost of goods sold 20,533 3,177 23,710 Gross profit 490 (3,177) (2,687) Operating loss (677,578) (3,177) (680,755) Loss before income taxes (685,132) (3,177) (688,309) Income tax benefit 4,675 1,485 6,160 Net loss (680,457) (1,692) (682,149) 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically funded our operations primarily through cash flows from operations, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, and the issuance of debt and equity securities. However, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the length and severity of the fire season, growth of the wildland urban interface and the availability of air tanker capacity, higher costs from inflation, all of which could negatively impact revenues, earnings and cash flows, and potentially our liquidity if we do not moderate our expenditures accordingly. 
 W e have the following financing arrangements in place to, among other things, fund our operations and supplement our liquidity position. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On November 9, 2021, SK Intermediate II entered into a five-year revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), which provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 100.0 million. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on November 9, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a 20.0 million swingline sub-facility and a 25.0 million letter of credit sub-facility. The Revolving Credit Facility allows Invictus II to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (i) 143.0 million and (ii) 100.00 of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the most recent four-quarter period (minus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of certain ratio debt permitted to be incurred thereunder). All borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the absence of a default and the accuracy of representations and warranties, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) an applicable margin, plus (ii) at Invictus II s option, either (x) LIBOR determined by reference to the cost of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, adjusted for certain additional costs (but which will not be less than a 0.00 LIBOR 
 55 

T able of Contents 

 floor) or (y) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime commercial lending rate published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.50 , (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus 1.00 and (d) a minimum floor of 1.00 . The applicable margin is 3.25 in the case of LIBOR-based loans and 2.25 in the case of base rate-based loans, with two step downs of 0.25 each based upon the achievement of certain leverage ratios. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and was in compliance with all covenants, including the financial covenants. 
 Senior Notes 
 On November 9, 2021, SK Intermediate II assumed 675.0 million principal amount of 5.00 senior secured notes due October 30, 2029 issued by Escrow Issuer under an indenture dated as of October 22, 2021 Indenture ). The Senior Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.00 . Interest on the Senior Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on April 30 and October 30 of each year, commencing on April 30, 2022. 
 The Senior Notes are general, secured, senior obligations of SK Intermediate II; rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of SK Intermediate II (including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Facility); and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, are effectively senior to all existing and future indebtedness of Invictus II that is not secured by the collateral. 
 For additional information about our long-term debt, refer to Note 7, Long-Term Debt and Redeemable Preferred Shares, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report . 
 Share Repurchase Plan 
 On December 7, 2021, subject to the approval of our shareholders, the Board authorized the Share Repurchase Plan. Under the Share Repurchase Plan, we and our subsidiaries are authorized to repurchase up to 100.0 million of our issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares at any time during the next 24 months or, if different, such other timeframe as approved by our shareholders. Until such time as the Share Repurchase Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company, the Board authorized any subsidiary of the Company to take such actions necessary to purchase Ordinary Shares of the Company. Repurchases under the Share Repurchase Plan may be made, from time to time, in such quantities, in such manner and on such terms and conditions and at prices the Company deems appropriate. 
 
 On July 21, 2022, subject to certain limits, the shareholders of the Company approved a proposal authorizing the Board to repurchase up to 25 of the Company s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of the shareholders approval, being 40,659,257 Ordinary Shares, at any time during the next five years. On November 3, 2022, the Board re-established the limit for Ordinary Share repurchases at 100.0 million, which is within the repurchase limit approved by Company s shareholder on July 21, 2022. 
 The Company repurchased 6,436,736 Ordinary Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which 597,513 Ordinary Shares were repur chased on behalf of a wholly-owned subsidiary. The repurchased Ordinary Shares were recorded at cost and are being held in treasury. 
 For additional information about our Share Repurchase Plan, refer to Item 5, "Market for the Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities," and Note 10, Equity, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 Founder Advisory Agreement 
 On December 12, 2019, EverArc and the EverArc Founder Entity entered into the Founder Advisory Agreement to provide incentives to the EverArc Founders to achieve EverArc s, and following the Merger, the Company s, objectives. In exchange for the services provided to the Company, including strategic and capital allocation advice, the EverArc Founder Entity will be entitled to receive both a Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and a Variable Annual Advisory Amount until the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2031, respectively . Under the Founder Advisory Agreement, at the election of the EverArc Founder Entity, at least 50 of the Advisory Amounts will be paid in Ordinary Shares and the remainder in cash. 
 The Fixed Annual Advisory Amount will be equal to 2,357,061 Ordinary Shares (1.5 of 157,137,410 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 9, 2021) for each year through December 31, 2027 and valued using the period end 
 56 

T able of Contents 

 volume weighted average closing share price for ten consecutive trading day of Ordinary Shares. The Variable Annual Advisory Amount for each year through December 31, 2031 is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Because up to 50 of the aggregate shares could be settled through a cash payment, 50 are classified as a liability and the remaining 50 is classified within equity. For Advisory Amounts classified within equity, the Company does not subsequently remeasure the fair value. For the Advisory Amounts classified as a liability, the Company remeasures the fair value at each reporting date. As a result, the compensation expense recorded by the Company in the future will depend upon changes in the fair value of the liability-classified Advisory Amounts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Advisory Amounts payable to the EverArc Founder Entity over the term of the Founder Advisory Agreement was 341.4 million. The fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount was calculated to be 104.4 million based on the period end volume weighted average closing share price for ten consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares of 8.86 and t he fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount was determined to be 237.0 million using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 For 2022, the EverArc Founder Entity is entitled to receive Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of 2,357,061 Ordinary Shares or a value of 20.9 million, based on average price of 8.86 per Ordinary Share (the 2022 Fixed Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity did not qualify to receive Variable Annual Advisory Amount for 2022 as average price of 8.86 per Ordinary Share for 2022 was lower than the average price of 13.63 per Ordinary Share established for 2021. The EverArc Founder Entity elected to receive approximately 77.7 of the 2022 Advisory Amounts in Ordinary Shares (1,831,653 Ordinary Shares and approximately 22.3 of the Advisory Amounts in cash 4.7 million). On February 15, 2023, the Company issued 1,831,653 Ordinary Shares and paid 4.7 million in cash in satisfaction of 2022 Advisory Amounts. 
 For additional information about the Founder Advisory Agreement, refer to Note 13, Related Parties, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report . 
 We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents of approximately 126.8 million as of December 31, 2022, net cash flows generated from operations and availability under the Revolving Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet our current capital expenditures, working capital, founders advisory fee payments and debt service requirements for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Annual Report. Our fiscal year 2023 capital expenditure budget is 10 million, which we expect will cover both our maintenance and growth capital expenditures. We may also utilize borrowings available to us under various other financing sources, including the issuance of equity and/or debt securities through public offerings or private placements, to fund our acquisitions, pay the Advisory Amounts and meet long-term liquidity needs. Our ability to complete future offerings of equity or debt securities and the timing of these offerings will depend upon various factors including prevailing market conditions and our financial condition. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table presents the sources and uses of our cash for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 November 9, 2021 
 Through 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Cash (used in) provided by: Operating activities (40,172) 4,359 67,991 70,826 Investing activities (10,251) (1,210,623) (15,746) (9,467) Financing activities (48,812) (697,221) (64,210) (45,610) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents 431 (738) 435 (3,093) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (98,804) (1,904,223) (11,530) 12,656 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities was (40.2) million, 4.4 million, 68.0 million and 70.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, 
 57 

T able of Contents 

 respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the change was primarily due to a founders advisory fee payment of 53.5 million and an increase in inventory of 61.9 million due to a mild fire season in North America during 2022 offset by higher net income. During the 2021 Successor Period the operating cash flows were negatively impacted by lower net income and an increase in working capital, offset by share-based compensation. Operating cash flows for the 2021 Predecessor Period were negatively impacted by an increase in working capital which was offset by higher net income and non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. The increase in working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable from higher net sales. Operating cash flows for the 2020 Predecessor Period were favorably impacted by the increased net income primarily driven by higher retardant sales, partially offset by declines in working capital. 
 Investing Activities 
 Cash used in investing activities was 10.3 million, 1,210.6 million, 15.7 million and 9.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased property and equipment of 8.6 million and paid an additional 1.6 million to SK Holdings upon finalization of the difference in estimated and actual working capital as of the Closing Date under the Business Combination Agreement. During the 2021 Successor Period, we acquired SK Intermediate for cash consideration of 1,209.2 million, net of approximately 11.0 million in cash acquired, and purchased property and equipment of 1.5 million. During the 2021 Predecessor Period, we paid a total of 7.5 million in cash related to the acquisitions of Budenheim Iberica, S.L.U., PC Australasia Pty Ltd., and Magnum Fire Safety Systems. We also purchased property and equipment of 8.3 million. During the 2020 Predecessor Period, we paid 2.0 million, net of cash acquired, related to the acquisition of LaderaTech, Inc., and also purchased property and equipment of 7.5 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Cash used in financing activities was 48.8 million, 697.2 million, 64.2 million and 45.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased outstanding Ordinary Shares for 49.3 million offset by 0.5 million in proceeds from exercise of Warrants. During the 2021 Successor Period, we borrowed 40.0 million against the Revolving Credit Facility and paid 2.3 million of revolver fees. The Revolving Credit Facility was repaid in full on December 9, 2021. Upon the Business Combination, the Director Subscribers acquired Ordinary Shares valued at 2.0 million. We repaid 697.0 million of debt previously held by SK Intermediate. During the 2021 Predecessor Period, we distributed 60.0 million to our shareholders and we received 19.5 million in proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility, which was offset by repayments of 19.5 million on the Revolving Credit Facility and repayments of 4.2 million on long-term debt. During the 2020 Predecessor Period, we received 72.1 million in proceeds from the Revolving Credit Facility, which was fully offset by repayments of 97.1 million and 20.6 million against the outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility and long-term debt, respectively. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which often requires the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates and judgments. We based our estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and assumptions form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the recording of expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could, therefore, differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We have identified the following estimates as our most critical accounting estimates, which are those that are most important to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the Company s financial condition and results of operations, and that require management s most subjective and complex judgments. Information regarding our other significant accounting estimates and policies are described in more detail in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report . We believe that the following accounting estimates and policies are most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 58 

T able of Contents 

 Business Combinations 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition accounting method, which requires us to determine and recognize assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair value, including any contingent consideration and the recognition of acquisition-related costs in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. 
 Accounting for business combinations requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions at the acquisition date, including estimates of the fair value of acquired inventory, property and equipment, identifiable intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, preacquisition contingencies, where applicable, and equity issued. Significant assumptions relevant to the determination of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows, discount rates, royalty rates, and other assumptions. The approach to valuing an initial contingent consideration associated with the purchase price also uses similar unobservable factors such as projected revenues and expenses over the term of the contingent earn-out period, discounted for the period over which the initial contingent consideration is measured, and relevant volatility rates. Based upon these assumptions, the initial contingent consideration is then valued using a Monte Carlo simulation. These significant assumptions are based on company specific information and projections, which are not observable in the market and, therefore, are considered Level 2 and Level 3 measurements. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future changes in economic and market conditions. 
 We generally use third-party qualified consultants to assist management in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This includes, when necessary, assistance with the determination of economic useful lives and valuation of property, plant and equipment and identifiable intangibles. The purchase price allocation process also entails us to refine these estimates over a measurement period not to exceed one year to reflect new information obtained surrounding facts and circumstances existing at acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. 
 Impairment of Goodwill and Long-Lived Assets 
 Goodwill is deemed to have an indefinite life and is assessed for impairment annually at the reporting unit level or more frequently when events or circumstances occur that indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit or an intangible asset is less than its carrying value. The Company conducts an annual impairment test on October 1st each year. 
 We perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired. Factors utilized in the qualitative assessment include macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance and events specific to us. If the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired, the entity performs a quantitative assessment, which consists of a comparison of the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying amount. 
 In accordance with the accounting guidance, we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceeded directly to performing a quantitative goodwill impairment test. On October 1, 2022, we performed a quantitative assessment for our Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units to determine whether impairment exists from the most recent valuation date due to current adverse macro-economic conditions, including but not limited to supply chain delays, geopolitical conflict and more recently from unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar, steady increase in federal funds rate by the Federal Reserve and decline in market price of our Ordinary Shares. In determining the fair value of the reporting unit, we used a combination of the income and market approaches to estimate the reporting unit s business enterprise value. 
 Under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on estimated future discounted cash flows which require assumptions about short and long-term revenue growth rates, operating margins for each reporting unit, discount rates, foreign currency exchange rates and estimates of capital expenditures. The assumptions we use are based on what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. Under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of our EBITDA. 
 The values separately derived from each of the income and market approach valuation techniques were used to develop an overall estimate of a reporting unit s fair value. We use a consistent approach across both the reporting units 
 59 

T able of Contents 

 when considering the weight of the income and market approaches for calculating the fair value of each of our reporting units. This approach relies equally (50 on the calculated fair value derived from the income approach and market approach. We believe this approach is consistent with that of a market participant in valuing prospective purchase business combinations. The selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a higher or lower fair value. Judgment is applied in determining the weightings that are most representative of fair value. 
 The assumptions for our future cash flows begin with our historical operating performance adjusted for the impact of known economic, industry and market trends as well as the impact that we expect from planned business initiatives including new product initiatives, client service and retention standards, and cost management programs. At the end of the forecast period, the long-term growth rate we used to determine the terminal value of our reporting units was 3.0 based on management s assessment of the minimum expected terminal growth rate of the reporting unit, as well as broader economic considerations such as inflation and the maturity of the markets we serve. We projected revenue growth for our reporting units in completing our impairment testing based on expected planned business initiatives and prevailing trends exhibited by these reporting units. The anticipated revenue growth in the reporting units, however, is partially offset by assumed increases in expenses. 
 We utilize a weighted average cost of capital WACC ), in our impairment analysis that makes assumptions about the capital structure that we believe a market participant would make and include a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows for the reporting unit. We believe this approach yields a discount rate that is consistent with an implied rate of return that a market participant would require for an investment in a company having similar risks and business characteristics to the reporting unit being assessed. To calculate the WACC, the cost of equity and cost of debt are multiplied by the assumed capital structure of the reporting unit as compared to industry trends and relevant benchmark company structures. We believe the benchmark companies used for our Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units serve as an appropriate input for calculating a fair value for the reporting unit as those benchmark companies have similar risks and participate in similar markets. The cost of equity was computed using the Capital Asset Pricing Model which considers the risk-free interest rate, beta, equity risk premium and specific company risk premium related to a particular reporting unit. The cost of debt was computed using a benchmark rate and the Company s tax rate. For the annual goodwill impairment evaluation, the discount rates used to develop the estimated fair value of the Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units were 15.5 and 10.5 , respectively. 
 The estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived from the valuation techniques described above incorporating the related projections and assumptions. Impairment occurs when the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is below the carrying value of its equity. The estimated fair value for our Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units exceeded their related carrying values as of October 1, 2022. As a result, no goodwill impairment was recorded. 
 The estimated fair value of the reporting unit is highly sensitive to changes in these projections and assumptions; therefore, in some instances changes in these assumptions could impact whether the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value. For example, an increase in the discount rate and decline in the projected cumulative cash flow of a reporting unit could cause the fair value of certain reporting units to be below its carrying value. We perform sensitivity analyses around these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair values. Ultimately, future potential changes in these assumptions may impact the estimated fair value of a reporting unit and cause the fair value of the reporting unit to be below its carrying value. 
 Long-lived assets include acquired property, plant, and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization. We evaluate the recoverability of long-lived assets for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Such events and changes may include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in asset use, significant negative industry or economic trends, and changes in our business strategy. 
 The process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. In order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects of our business or the part of our business to which the long-lived assets relate to estimate future cash flows to be generated by the asset group, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. Based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine the recoverability of such assets by comparing an asset s respective carrying value to estimates of the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from its asset group. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of long-lived assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to fair value. Assumptions and estimates about future values and 
 60 

T able of Contents 

 remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. They can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results. As of December 31, 2022, based on the consideration of impairment indicators, we determined that there were no indications that the carrying values of the Company s asset groups are not recoverable, as a result, we concluded that there was no impairment of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization. 
 Income Taxes 
 We compute income taxes using the asset-and-liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities, as well as loss and tax credit carryforwards. Changes in tax rates and laws are recognized in income in the period such changes are enacted. 
 On a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis, we establish a valuation allowance if, based upon available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We consider all positive and negative evidence, including historical operating results, the existence of cumulative losses, estimates of future operating income, and the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. 
 Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the position will be sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. This evaluation is based on all available evidence and assumes that the tax authorities have full knowledge of all relevant information concerning the tax position. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is more likely than not (greater than 50 likely) to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. We record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 We have granted equity-based awards consisting of PBNQSO to key employees, officers and directors. The PBNQSO are subject to performance conditions such that the number of awards that ultimately vest depends on the calculation of AOP during the performance period compared to targets established at the award date. Because the terms of the PBNQSO provide discretion to make certain adjustments to the performance calculation, the service inception date of these awards precedes the grant date. Accordingly, the Company recognizes compensation expense beginning on the service inception date and remeasures the fair value of the awards until a grant date is established. The estimate of the awards fair values will be fixed in the period in which the grant date occurs, and cumulative compensation expense will be adjusted based on the fair values calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model at the grant date. The fair value for PBNQSO for which a grant date has not been established is estimated on the last date of the reporting period using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying Ordinary Shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected equity volatility, and the expected term of the option. The Company records forfeitures as they are incurred. The fair value of PBNQSO is expensed proportionately for each tranche over the applicable service period in which the performance conditions are deemed probable of achievement. 
 Service-based restricted stock units are valued using the market price of our Ordinary Shares on the grant date. The grant date fair value of the restricted stock units is expensed on a straight-line basis over the applicable vesting period. 
 Under the Founder Advisory Agreement, in exchange for the services provided to the Company, including strategic and capital allocation advice, the EverArc Founders Entity is entitled to receive both, a Fixed Annual Advisory Amount and a Variable Annual Advisory Amount until the years ending December 31, 2027 and 2031, respectively. At the election of the EverArc Founders Entity, at least 50 of the Advisory Amounts will be paid in Ordinary Shares and the remainder in cash. The Fixed Annual Advisory Amount will be equal to 2,357,061 Ordinary Shares (1.5 of 157,137,410 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 9, 2021) for each year through December 31, 2027 and valued using the period end volume weighted average closing share price for ten consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares. The Variable Annual 
 61 

T able of Contents 

 Advisory Amount for each year through December 31, 2031 is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, w hich requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying Ordinary Shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected equity volatility, and the expected term of the Founder Advisory Agreement. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Advisory Amounts payable to the EverArc Founder Entity over the term of the Founder Advisory Agreement was 341.4 million. The fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount was calculated to be 104.4 million based on the period end volume weighted average closing share price for ten consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares of 8.86 and t he fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount was determined to be 237.0 million using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 New Accounting Standards 
 For information about new accounting standards, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, short-term interest rates and price fluctuations of certain material commodities in the ordinary course of our business. We have not engaged in hedging activities since inception and currently, do not expect to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Foreign currency exchange risks are attributable to sales to foreign customers and purchases from foreign suppliers not denominated in a location s functional currency, foreign plant operations, intercompany indebtedness, intercompany investments and include exposures to the Euro, Canadian dollar, Norwegian krone and Australian dollar. We have elected to use the U.S. dollar for our Luxembourg entities. Transactions that are paid in a foreign currency are remeasured into U.S. dollars and recorded in the consolidated financial statements at prevailing currency exchange rates. A reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar against currencies of other countries could result in the use of additional cash to settle operating, administrative and tax liabilities. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 For variable rate debt, interest rate changes generally do not affect the fair market value of such debt, but do impact future earnings and cash flows, assuming other factors are held constant. We are subject to market risk exposure related to changes in interest rates on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. Interest on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility is based on adjusted LIBOR plus or base rate plus an applicable margin. At December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On November 9, 2021, in connection with the Business Combination, SK Intermediate II assumed the Senior Notes. Our Senior Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.00 . 
 In addition, on November 9, 2021, in connection with the Business Combination, Redeemable Preferred Shares valued at 100.0 million were issued. The holders of Redeemable Preferred Shares are entitled to a preferred annual cumulative right to a dividend equal to 6.50 of its nominal value. The Redeemable Preferred Shares are mandatorily redeemable on occurrence of certain events as defined in the Business Combination Agreement, but no later than November 8, 2029. If we fail to timely redeem the Redeemable Preferred Shares, the dividend on Redeemable Preferred Shares will permanently increase to the interest rate currently being paid (whether default or not) under the Revolving Credit Facility plus 10.00 . 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our realized margins depend on the differential of sales prices over our total supply costs. Generally, we attempt to maintain an inventory position that is substantially balanced between our purchases and sales, including our future delivery obligations. However, market, weather or other conditions beyond our control may disrupt our expected supply of product, and we may be required to obtain supply at increased prices that cannot be passed through to our customers. For example, 
 62 

T able of Contents 

 some of our material supply contracts follow market prices, which may fluctuate through the year, while our product sales prices may be fixed on a quarterly or annual basis, and therefore, fluctuations in our material supply may not be passed through to our customers and can produce an adverse effect on our margins. 
 Effects of Inflation 
 We are subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials, labor and transportation. Accordingly, we continue to take actions with our customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with customers include contractual price escalation clauses and negotiated customer recoveries. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that it will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report s of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 64 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2022, for the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (Successor), for the period from January 1, 2021 through November 8, 2021 (Predecessor) and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Predecessor) : 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements: Note 1 Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 
 74 
 Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 76 
 Note 3 Business Acquisitions 
 85 
 Note 4 Balance Sheet Components 
 89 
 Note 5 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 90 
 Note 6 Leases 
 91 
 Note 7 Long-Term Debt and Redeemable Preferred Shares 
 93 
 Note 8 Income Taxes 
 97 
 Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies 
 100 
 Note 1 0 Equity 
 100 
 Note 1 1 Share-Based Compensation and Employee Benefits 
 102 
 Note 1 2 Fair Value Measurements 
 104 
 Note 1 3 Related Parties 
 107 
 Note 1 4 Revenue Recognition 
 109 
 Note 1 5 Earnings Per Share 
 109 
 Note 1 6 Segment Information 
 110 
 Note 1 7 Parent Company Information 
 113 
 Note 18 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 117 
 Note 1 9 Subsequent E vent 
 128 
 
 63 

T able of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Perimeter Solutions, SA (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Successor), the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Successor), for the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (Successor), for the period from January 1, 2021 through November 8, 2021 (Predecessor), and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Predecessor) and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Successor), and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 (Successor), for the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (Successor), for the period from January 1, 2021 through November 8, 2021 (Predecessor) and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Predecessor) , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Change in Accounting Method Related to Leases 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of the Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, Leases . 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 64 

T able of Contents 

 Assessment of the Probability of Achieving the Vesting Performance Criteria of Certain Share-Based Awards 
 As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes certain share-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the number of share-based payment awards that are ultimately expected to vest during the period. Share-based awards with performance-based vesting conditions require the achievement of certain financial criteria as a condition to the vesting. The performance-based awards with financial criteria have an Annual Operational Performance per Diluted Share or AOP . The AOP is determined as of the last day of a given fiscal year of the Company, the ratio of (1) the excess of (a) the product of (i) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) targets and (ii) the Fixed Market Multiple over (b) Net Debt to (2) the Company s number of Diluted Shares within fiscal years 2022 through 2026. At each reporting period, the Company reassesses the probability of achieving the performance criteria required to meet those vesting targets. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated share-based compensation expense for these performance-based awards was 14.6 million. As of December 31, 2022 there was approximately 26.0 million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to the non-vested portion of these performance-based awards. 
 We identified the assessment of the probability of vesting performance criteria of certain share-based awards as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination is the significant judgement used to evaluate the significant assumptions used in the determination of the EBITDA projections, including the forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins. Auditing these elements involved complex auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of the audit effort required and the level of uncertainty associated with such forecasts. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Assessing the reasonableness of the forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins used in the determination of the EBITDA projections by comparing to historical information and considering contradictory evidence. 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of management s determination of the probability of achieving the performance targets established by agreeing to the terms and definitions stated in the award agreements. 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessment 
 As described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company conducts a goodwill impairment test on October 1 st each year. For the October 1, 2022 impairment test, the Company performed a quantitative test for its Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units using a combination of the income and market valuation techniques. These techniques incorporate various assumptions, the most significant being short and long-term revenue growth rates, operating margins, and the discount rate (weighted average cost of capital) used to estimate and discount future cash flows. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill impairment is measured as the amount by which the reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying value of goodwill. The Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 1.03 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 We identified the goodwill impairment assessment for the Fire Safety and Specialty Products reporting units as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination is the significant judgment used to evaluate the significant assumptions used to determine the fair value of the reporting units, including the forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins, the discount rate included in the income approach, and the enterprise value multiples included in the market approach. Auditing the estimates and assumptions involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill and knowledge needed. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the forecasted revenue growth rates and operating margins used in management s income approach analysis by comparing to prior period forecasts, historical operating performance, and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit for consistency and reasonableness. 
 Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill of valuation techniques to assist in: (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the methodologies used to determine the fair value of the reporting units, including the weighting of the income and market approaches, (ii) evaluating the reasonableness of discount rate used in the 
 65 

T able of Contents 

 income approach, (iii) evaluating the reasonableness of the market multiples used in the market approach, (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the market capitalization reconciliation, including the implied control premium, (v) evaluating trend analysis of key projections, ratio analysis, and benchmarking of certain assumptions with available market data, (vi) testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculations, , and (vii) evaluating the professional qualifications of management s specialists and their relationship to the Company. 
 Testing the reconciliation of the estimated fair value of the Company s reporting units to the indicated market capitalization of the Company as a whole. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 
 March 1, 2023 
 66 

T able of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Perimeter Solutions, SA (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management s statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management s assessment. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 (Successor), the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December, 2022 (Successor), for the period from November 9, 2021 through December 31, 2021 (Successor), for the period from January 1, 2021 through November 8, 2021 (Predecessor), and for the year ended December 31, 2020 (Predecessor) and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated March 1, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Material Weaknesses regarding management s failure to design and implement controls at a sufficient level of precision over (i) consideration of key terms and conditions affecting the grant date in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, when accounting for performance-based options; and (ii) review of complex accounting areas and related disclosures, including business combinations, specifically on its effects on the presentation of the statement of cash flows, equity issuance costs and transaction costs and the judgments made in the determination of purchase consideration, and goodwill impairment assessment, specifically related to the determination of carrying values and the valuation assumptions, has been identified and described in management s assessment. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023 on those financial statements. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 67 

T able of Contents 

 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ BDO USA, LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 
 68 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Customer lists, net Technology and patents, net Tradenames, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees payable - related party Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Deferred income taxes Founders advisory fees payable - related party Redeemable preferred shares Redeemable preferred shares - related party Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) Shareholders equity: Ordinary shares, nominal value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Treasury shares, at cost; shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 November 9, 2021 
 Through 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit ) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense Amortization expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) Other operating expense Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other expense (income): Interest expense, net (Gain) loss on contingent earn-out ) Unrealized foreign currency loss (gain) ) Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Total other expense, net Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Treasury Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Predecessor Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Shareholders capital distributions ) ) Share-based compensation Net income Other comprehensive income Balance, November 8, 2021 ) ) Ordinary Shares Treasury Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Successor Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, November 9, 2021 ) Sale of ordinary shares issued to Director Subscribers Share-based compensation Ordinary shares issued related to share-based compensation Warrants exercised Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares issued related to founders advisory fees - related party ) Liability portion of founders advisory fees - related party reclassified to additional paid in capital Warrants exercised Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Cumulative effect of accounting change on adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 November 9, 2021 
 Through 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Founders advisory fees - related party (change in accounting fair value) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Interest and payment-in-kind on preferred shares Share-based compensation Non-cash lease expense Share-based compensation - Founders advisory fees - related party (equity settled) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of acquisition related inventory step-up (Gain) loss on contingent earn-out ) Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign currency ) Loss on disposal of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Other assets Accounts payable ) Deferred revenue ) ) Income taxes payable, net ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Founders advisory fees - related party (cash settled) ) Operating lease liabilities ) Other liabilities Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of SK Invictus, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) ) Purchase price adjustment under Business Combination Agreement ) Purchase of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 Successor Predecessor Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 November 9, 2021 
 Through 
 December 31, 2021 
 January 1, 2021 Through November 8, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Ordinary shares repurchased ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Sale of Ordinary Shares issued to Director Subscribers Shareholders capital distributions ) Proceeds from revolving credit facility Repayments of revolving credit facility ) ) ) Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of debt issue costs ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Liability portion of founders advisory fees - related party reclassified to additional paid in capital Redeemable preferred shares issued as consideration for business combination Management Subscribers rollover contribution 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

T able of Contents 

 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1. 
 EverArc Ordinary Shares (the EverArc Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger were exchanged for ordinary shares of PSSA (the Ordinary Shares and 
 outstanding EverArc Warrants (the EverArc Warrants were converted into the right to purchase Ordinary Shares with each whole EverArc Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-fourth of one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per whole Ordinary Share (the Warrants and 
 On November 8, 2021, pursuant to separate subscription agreements (collectively, the Subscription Agreements entered into among EverArc, SK Holdings, PSSA and other investors, including investors affiliated with SK Holdings purchased an aggregate of EverArc Ordinary Shares at per share (collectively, the PIPE Subscribers that were converted into Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Merger. 
 On November 9, 2021: 
 SK Holdings (i) along with officers and certain key employees of SK Intermediate contributed a portion of their ordinary shares in SK Intermediate to PSSA in exchange for million Redeemable Preferred Shares of PSSA Redeemable Preferred Shares"), nominal value of per share, valued at million and (ii) sold its remaining ordinary shares in SK Intermediate for approximately million in cash subject to certain customary adjustments for working capital, transaction expenses, cash and indebtedness. 
 Ordinary Shares , nominal value, per share, listed and began trading on New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "PRM"; and 
 74 

T able of Contents 

 Ordinary Shares at per share as consideration and two of the Company s directors (the Director Subscribers purchased an aggregate of Ordinary Shares (the Director Shares at per share. 
 million principal amount of senior secured notes due October 30, 2029 ("Senior Notes") issued by EverArc Escrow S. r.l. Escrow Issuer was assumed by SK Invictus Intermediate II S. r.l., a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSA SK Intermediate II. 
 The cash consideration for the Business Combination was funded through cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of Ordinary Shares, proceeds from the issuance of S enior Notes and borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility. 
 Business Operations 
 Perimeter Solutions is a global solutions provider for the fire safety and specialty products industries. Approximately of the Company's annual revenues is derived in the United States, approximately in Europe, approximately in Canada and approximately in Mexico, with the remaining approximately spread across various other countries. The Company s business is organized and managed in reporting segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products (formerly Oil Additives). 
 The Fire Safety business is a formulator and manufacturer of fire management products that help the Company s customers combat various types of fires, including wildland, structural, flammable liquids and other types of fires. The Company s Fire Safety business also offers specialized equipment and services, typically in conjunction with its fire management products to support firefighting operations. The Company s specialized equipment includes air base retardant storage, mixing, and delivery equipment; mobile retardant bases; retardant ground application units; mobile foam equipment; and equipment that it custom designs and manufactures to meet specific customer needs. Significant end markets include primarily government-related entities and are dependent on approvals, qualifications, and permits granted by the respective governments and commercial customers around the world. 
 In June 2022, the Oil Additives segment, which produces and sells Phosphorus Pentasulfide ("P 2 S 5 ") , was renamed the Specialty Products segment to better reflect the current and expanding applications for P 2 S 5 in several end markets and applications, including lubricant additives, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the lubricant additive end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called Zinc Dialkyldithiophosphates ZDDP , which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. 
 Global Economic Environment 
 Russia s Invasion of Ukraine 
 In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. While Perimeter has limited exposure in Russia and Ukraine, the Company continues to monitor any broader impact to the global economy, including with respect to inflation, supply chains and fuel prices. The full impact of the conflict on the Company s business and financial results remains uncertain and will depend on the severity and duration of the conflict and its impact on regional and global economic conditions. 
 Inflationary Cost Environment 
 During fiscal 2021 and continuing into the current fiscal year, global commodity and labor markets experienced significant inflationary pressures attributable to ongoing economic recovery and supply chain issues. Perimeter is subject to inflationary pressures with respect to raw materials, labor and transportation. Accordingly, the Company continues to take actions with its customers and suppliers to mitigate the impact of these inflationary pressures in the future. Actions to mitigate inflationary pressures with suppliers include aggregation of purchase requirements to achieve optimal volume benefits, negotiation of cost-reductions and identification of more cost competitive suppliers. While these actions are designed to offset the impact of inflationary pressures, the Company cannot provide assurance that they will be successful in fully offsetting increased costs resulting from inflationary pressure. Interest payments for borrowings under the Company s revolving credit facility are based on variable rates. As a result, an increase in interest rates may reduce the Company s cash flow available for other corporate purposes. 
 75 

T able of Contents 

2. 

76 

T able of Contents 

The Company had an allowance for doubtful accounts of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the reserve for inventory obsolescence was insignificant. 
 years 
 Furniture and fixtures Years 
 Machinery and equipment Years 
 Vehicles Years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or estimated useful life 
 77 

T able of Contents 

 There was impairment of goodwill during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period or 2020 Predecessor Period. 
 Intangible Assets 
 
 78 

T able of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022, based on the consideration of impairment indicators, the Company determined that there were no indications that the carrying values of the Company s asset groups are not recoverable, as a result, it concluded that there was impairment of long-lived assets. There were impairments of long-lived assets during the 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period or 2020 Predecessor Period. 
 performance obligations, namely product sales, providing operations and maintenance personnel services and leasing of specified equipment. The performance obligation for product sales is satisfied at a point in time, while for services and leases it is a stand-ready obligation and the revenue is recognized straight-line over the service period. Control of a product is deemed to be transferred to the customer upon shipment or delivery. 
 Fire retardant, suppressant, and related equipment includes domestic and international sales of fire retardant and fire suppressant products. Product revenues are recognized at the point in time when control of the product is transferred to the customer which is upon shipment or delivery of the product to the customer, depending on the underlying contract terms. 
 Specialty products includes domestic and international sales of oil additive products by the Company entities in the U.S. and Germany. Product revenues are recognized at the point in time when control of the product is transferred to the customer which is upon shipment or delivery of the product to the customer, depending on the underlying contract terms. 
 The Company uses the policy election to account for the shipping and handling activities as activities to fulfill the Company s promise to transfer goods to the customer, rather than as a performance obligation. Accordingly, the costs of the shipping and handling activities are accrued for at the time of shipment. 
 79 

T able of Contents 

 . Costs to obtain contracts were not material in the periods presented. 
 Deferred Revenue 
 Deferred revenue represents billings under noncancelable contracts before the related product or service is transferred to the customer. The portion of deferred revenue that is anticipated to be recognized as revenue during the succeeding twelve-month period is recorded as deferred revenue and the remaining portion is recorded as deferred revenue, non-current. 
 The contracts entered by the Company have duration of or more. Any billings made to the customer during the financial year for which the related product or service is yet to be delivered on the cutoff date, i.e., December 31, is recognized as deferred revenue. There was deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 For full-service fire-retardant contracts, the Company identifies the fire-retardant product and the services as separate units of account. Substantially all performance obligations are satisfied by the end of the annual financial reporting period and the allocation of transaction price to each performance obligation does not have an impact on the recognition and measurement of revenues for the annual reporting period. There were no contract assets, contract obligations, or material rights as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million and million, respectively, for the Company's Senior Notes were carried as a contra liability and are amortized over the term of the related debt using the effective interest method. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million, respectively, for the Company s revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility were carried as a long-term asset and were amortized on a straight-line basis into interest expense over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility. Amortization of deferred financing fees was million and million for Senior Notes and million and million for the Revolving Credit Facility during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Successor Period, respectively, and is presented as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 80 

T able of Contents 

 million on term loans and unamortized deferred financing costs of million on revolving line of credit were written off to interest expense upon extinguishment of the related debt. Amortization of deferred financing fees for the 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period for the term loans and revolving line of credit was million and million, respectively, and is presented as a component of interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 million in ROU assets and million in lease liabilities as of January 1, 2022, for certain commitments primarily related to manufacturing facilities, real estate, vehicles, and field equipment. Prior reporting periods are presented in accordance with historical accounting treatment under ASC Topic 840, Leases ASC 840 ). The adoption of the standard did not have a material impact on the Company s results of operations or cash flows. Refer to Note 6, "Leases," for additional disclosures. 
 81 

T able of Contents 

 Realized and unrealized gains (losses) resulting from transactions conducted in foreign currencies for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period were ) million, ) million, ) million and million, respectively. 
 as the Company has never paid dividends and has no current plan to pay any dividends on its Ordinary Shares. 
 82 

T able of Contents 

 of the Advisory Amounts will be paid in Ordinary Shares and remainder in cash. The Advisory Amounts to be paid in Ordinary Shares is recorded within shareholders equity at grant date fair value and the Advisory Amounts to be paid in cash is recorded as liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For the Advisory Amounts classified as liability, the Company will remeasure the fair value at each reporting date. The Fixed Annual Advisory Amount will be equal to Ordinary Shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding as of November 9, 2021) for each year through December 31, 2027 and valued using the period end volume weighted average closing share price for ten consecutive trading days of Ordinary Shares. The Variable Annual Advisory Amount for each year through December 31, 2031 is based on the appreciation of the market price of Ordinary Shares if such market price exceeds certain trading price minimums at the end of each reporting period and is valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 
 Incentive Units - Predecessor 

million of cash and cash equivalents. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are maintained with various financial institutions and the deposits with these institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. However, the Company regularly monitors the financial stability of its financial institutions and believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant default risk. 
 For accounts receivable, the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers to the extent of the amounts recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. One of the Company s customers in the Fire Safety segment and two in the Specialty Products segment accounted for of total sales during the year ended December 31, 2022. Three of the Company s customers in the Fire Safety segment accounted for and of total sales during the 2021 Successor Period and 2021 Predecessor Period, respectively. 
 83 

T able of Contents 

 , , and , respectively) of the total accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2022. Two customers within Fire Safety segment and one within Specialty Products segment represent , , and , respectively) of the total accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 84 

T able of Contents 

 3. 
 EverArc Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Merger were exchanged for an equal number of Ordinary Shares; 
 pursuant to the Subscription Agreements the PIPE Subscribers purchased an aggregate of EverArc Ordinary Shares at per share that were converted into Ordinary Shares pursuant to the Merger; 
 outstanding EverArc Warrants were converted into the right to purchase one Ordinary Share with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-fourth of one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per whole Ordinary Share; and 
 On November 9, 2021: 
 SK Holdings (i) along with officers and certain key employees of SK Intermediate contributed a portion of their ordinary shares in SK Intermediate to PSSA in exchange for million Redeemable Preferred Shares of PSSA, nominal value of per share, valued at million and (ii) sold its remaining ordinary shares in SK Intermediate for approximately million in cash subject to certain customary adjustments for working capital, transaction expenses, cash and indebtedness; 
 Ordinary Shares, nominal value, per share, listed and began trading on the NYSE under the symbol "PRM"; and 
 the Management Subscribers were granted an aggregate of Ordinary Shares at per share as consideration and the Director Subscribers purchased an aggregate of Ordinary Shares at per share. 
 million Senior Notes issued by the Escrow Issuer was assumed by SK Intermediate II. 
 The cash consideration for the Business Combination was funded through cash on hand, proceeds from the sale of the Ordinary Shares, proceeds from the issuance of Senior Notes and borrowing under the revolving credit facility. 
 Proceeds from PIPE Subscribers Senior Notes, net of issue costs Total 
 The Merger between PSSA and EverArc was accounted for as a common control transaction, whereby all of the net assets of PSSA were those previously held by EverArc at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. The acquisition of SK Intermediate was accounted for under the acquisition method. The acquisition method of accounting is based on FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ), and uses the fair value concepts defined in FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC 805 requires, among other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their fair values as of the acquisition date including an amount for goodwill calculated as the difference between the acquisition consideration and the fair value of the identifiable net assets. The purchase price was allocated to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 85 

T able of Contents 

 Management Subscribers rollover contribution Redeemable Preferred Shares Fair value of total consideration transferred Estimated Fair Value of Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed: Property, plant and equipment Inventory Tradenames Customer lists Existing technology and patents Working capital Other assets (liabilities), net ) LaderaTech contingent earn-out (1) 
 ) Long-term debt ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Total fair value of net assets acquired Goodwill (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Refer to the LaderaTech Acquisition. 
 (2) Of the total goodwill amount herein, million has been allocated to Fire Safety segment and million has been allocated to Specialty Products segment. 
 In accordance with the acquisition method of accounting, the purchase price for the SK Intermediate acquisition has been allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The fair value estimates were based on, but not limited to quoted market prices, where available; expected future cash flows based on estimated growth in sales for the Company s products; estimated costs to develop, procure, produce and deliver its products; current replacement cost for similar capacity for certain fixed assets; market rate assumptions for contractual obligations and appropriate discount rates and growth rates. The excess of the total consideration over the estimated fair value of the amounts initially assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been recorded as goodwill. The goodwill is primarily related to extensive industry expertise and continuing innovation at SK Intermediate, resulting in sales growth from future products and service offerings as well as new customers, together with certain intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. Goodwill recorded in connection with the acquisition is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, EverArc entered into an escrow agreement with SK Holdings and Wilmington Trust, N.A., a national banking association, as escrow agent, which provided that approximately million of the cash consideration payable pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement be held in escrow pending a determination of the post-Closing purchase price adjustments under the Business Combination Agreement. 
 During 2022, the post-Closing purchase price adjustments under the Business Combination Agreement were finalized. Approximately million held in escrow was released and an additional million related to the difference in estimated and actual working capital as of the Closing Date was recognized with million paid to SK Holdings and million of uncollectable accounts and notes receivable were written-off. 
 Transaction costs associated with the Business Combination were million. Of this amount, million was incurred by EverArc through the Closing Date and is included in accumulated deficit as of November 9, 2021 in the accompanying consolidated statement of shareholders equity and the remaining million was reflected in the 2021 Predecessor Period in other operating expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The Company also incurred a total of million of debt issuance costs in connection with 
 86 

T able of Contents 

 million in cash to be paid at closing. The Magnum acquisition expands the Company s access to new markets and is expected to result in additional revenue in firefighting foam equipment and systems within the Fire Safety segment. The Company has performed a purchase price allocation, where the Company allocated million to goodwill in the predecessor entity. Individual assets and liabilities included within the balance sheet were not material. 
 PC Australasia Asset Acquisition 
 On April 1, 2021, the Company used the cash provided by operations to purchase all of the wildfire retardant and foam assets of PC Australasia Pty Ltd ("PC Australasia"). The asset purchase agreement provided for approximately million in cash to be paid at closing. The PC Australasia acquisition provides the Company direct access to existing markets within the Fire Safety segment. The Company has performed a purchase price allocation, where the Company allocated million to goodwill in the predecessor entity. Other amounts allocated to the individual assets and liabilities included within the balance sheet were not material. 
 Budenheim Asset Acquisition 
 On March 2, 2021, the Company used the cash provided by operations to purchase all of the wildfire retardant and foam assets of Budenheim Iberica, S.L.U ("Budenheim"). The asset purchase agreement provided for approximately million in cash to be paid at closing. The Budenheim acquisition expanded the Company s access to new markets and is expected to result in additional revenue within the Fire Safety segment. The Company has performed a purchase price allocation, where the Company allocated million to goodwill in the predecessor entity. Other amounts allocated to the individual assets and liabilities included within the balance sheet were not material. 
 For segment reporting purposes, the results of operations and assets from the above acquisitions have been included in the Company s Fire Safety segment since the respective acquisition dates. For the 2021 Successor Period and 2022 Predecessor Period, sales, earnings related to the operations consisting of the assets and liabilities and direct costs related to Magnum, PC Australasia and Budenheim were not material. Pro forma financial information has not been presented for these acquisitions as the net effects were neither significant nor material to the Company s results of operations or financial position. 
 LaderaTech Acquisition 
 On May 7, 2020, the Company used proceeds from general business operations to purchase all of the outstanding shares of LaderaTech, Inc. LaderaTech ). The LaderaTech acquisition expands the Company s access to the long-term retardant market and is expected to generate synergies within the Fire Safety service industry. Under the equity purchase agreement, the fair value of the consideration transferred was million, which included an initial cash payment of million and million in estimated fair value of contingent future payments. 
 The future payments are contingent upon an earn-out based on achieving certain thresholds of revenues through December 31, 2026 with an estimated fair value of million at the acquisition date. Payment was also contingent upon the acquired technology being listed on the U.S. Forest Service s Qualified Product List QPL ), valued at million at the acquisition date. The acquired technology was listed on the QPL during 2021 and the Company made a million payment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of contingent consideration was million and 
 87 

T able of Contents 

 million, respectively. 
 Contingent earn-out Total purchase consideration Estimated Fair Value of Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed: Cash Net working capital ) In-process research and development Deferred tax liability ) Total fair value of net assets acquired Goodwill Total 
 The actual results of operations of the acquisition have been included in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) from the date of acquisition. 
 Net loss ) 
 The unaudited pro forma financial information in the table below summarizes the combined results of operations for the Company and the LaderaTech acquisition as if the acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020. Pro forma information for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period and 2021 Predecessor Period is not presented below as LaderaTech s results were included for the entire period. 
 Pro forma net income (loss) 
 The amount allocated to goodwill for the acquisitions is not deductible for income tax purposes. The goodwill is attributable primarily to strategic and synergistic opportunities, the assembled workforces acquired and other factors. The fair value of the contingent consideration was estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation approach. See Note 12, Fair Value Measurements, for additional information related to the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration. 
 For segment reporting purposes, the results of operations and assets from the LaderaTech acquisition have been included in the Company s Fire Safety segment since the acquisition date. Direct costs of the acquisition were not material and were expensed as incurred, and they are included in other operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 88 

T able of Contents 

 4. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total inventory Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets: Advance to vendors Prepaid insurance Prepaid value-added taxes Other Total prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, Plant and Equipment: Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Vehicles Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property, plant and equipment, net Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities: Accrued bonus Accrued salaries Accrued employee benefits Accrued interest Accrued purchases Accrued taxes Operating lease liabilities Other Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other Non-Current Liabilities: LaderaTech contingent earn-out Other Total other non-current liabilities 
 Depreciation expense related to property, plant and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period was million, million, million, and million, respectively, substantially all of which was presented in cost of goods sold in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 89 

T able of Contents 

 5. 
 Business acquired Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, November 8, 2021 Successor Balance, November 9, 2021 Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Purchase price adjustment under Business Combination Agreement Foreign currency translation ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 ) ) Customer lists ) ) Tradenames ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 December 31, 2021 
 Estimated Useful Life (in years) Gross Value Foreign Currency Translation Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Definite Lived Intangible Assets: Existing technology and patents ) ) Customer lists ) ) Tradenames ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 ) ) 
 Amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period was million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 90 

T able of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 6. 
 years and the weighted-average discount rate applied was . 
 91 

T able of Contents 

 Liabilities Operating lease liabilities: Current (included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities) Non-current Total lease liabilities 
 Reported in: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expense Total lease cost 
 (1) Operating lease cost does not include short-term leases or variable costs, all of which are immaterial. 
 Rent expense for operating leases for the 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period was million, million and million, respectively, of which million, million and million, respectively, was presented in cost of goods sold and , million and million, respectively, was presented in selling, general, and administrative in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease obligations Non-cash investing and financing activity for operating leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 As of December 31, 2021, the estimated future minimum payment obligations for non-cancelable operating leases 
 92 

T able of Contents 

 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total 
 
 7. 
 Less: unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Successor 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, SK Intermediate II, as borrower, entered into a Revolving Credit Facility, which provides for a senior secured revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to million. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility matures on November 9, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility includes a million swingline sub-facility and a million letter of credit sub-facility. The Revolving Credit Facility allows SK Intermediate II to increase commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility up to an aggregate amount not to exceed the greater of (i) million and (ii) of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") for the most recent four-quarter period (minus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of certain ratio debt permitted to be incurred thereunder). All borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, including the absence of a default and the accuracy of representations and warranties, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate equal to (i) an applicable margin, plus (ii) at SK Intermediate II s option, either (x) LIBOR determined by reference to the cost of funds for U.S. dollar deposits for the interest period relevant to such borrowing, adjusted for certain additional costs (but which will not be less than a LIBOR floor) or (y) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (a) the prime commercial lending rate published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate plus , (c) the one-month LIBOR rate plus and (d) a 
 93 

T able of Contents 

 . The applicable margin is in the case of LIBOR-based loans and in the case of base rate-based loans, with step downs of each based upon the achievement of certain leverage ratios. 
 In addition, on a quarterly basis, SK Intermediate II will be required to pay each lender under the Revolving Credit Facility a commitment fee of in respect of the unused portion of the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility, which fee will be subject to step downs of based upon the achievement of certain leverage ratios. SK Intermediate II will be required to pay customary agency fees as well as letter of credit participation fees computed at a rate per annum equal to the applicable margin for LIBOR borrowings on the dollar equivalent of the face amount of each undrawn letter of credit, plus such letter of credit issuer s customary administration and issuance fees and charges and a fronting fee in an amount equal to per annum of the face amount of each letter of credit. 
 Solely to the extent that on the last day of the applicable fiscal quarter, the utilization of the Revolving Credit Facility (excluding cash collateralized letters of credit and up to million of undrawn letters of credit) exceeds of the aggregate commitments, the Revolving Credit Facility requires compliance on a quarterly basis with a maximum secured net leverage ratio of :1.00. In addition, for purposes of determining compliance with such financial maintenance covenant for any fiscal quarter, SK Intermediate II will be able to exercise an equity cure by SK Intermediate II issuing certain permitted securities for cash or otherwise receiving cash contributions to the capital of SK Intermediate II that will, upon the receipt by SK Intermediate II of such cash, be included in the calculation of consolidated EBITDA solely for the purpose of such financial maintenance covenant. SK Intermediate II will not be able to exercise the equity cure right in more than fiscal quarters during any period of consecutive fiscal quarters or more than fiscal quarters during the term of the Revolving Credit Facility. Under the Revolving Credit Facility, SK Intermediate II may also be required to meet specified leverage ratios in order to take certain actions, such as incurring certain debt or making certain acquisitions. In addition, the Revolving Credit Facility includes a customary holding company covenant that restricts the activities of SK Intermediate II and other negative covenants, subject to customary exceptions, restricting or limiting SK Intermediate II s ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) make non-ordinary course dispositions of assets; (ii) participate in certain mergers and acquisitions; (iii) pay dividends or make distributions and share repurchases and optional redemptions (and optional prepayments) of certain subordinated, junior lien or unsecured debt; (iv) incur, assume or guarantee indebtedness; (v) make certain loans and investments; (vi) grant, assume or incur liens; (vii) transact with affiliates; (viii) change its business and the business of its restricted subsidiaries; or (ix) enter into negative pledges or restrictions on its ability or the ability of restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends, make distributions, repay or guarantee indebtedness, or make intercompany investments or transfers. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company and each of SK Intermediate II s existing and future wholly-owned material restricted subsidiaries, subject to customary exceptions, and is secured by a first priority lien, subject to certain permitted liens, on substantially all of SK Intermediate II s and each of the guarantors existing and future property and assets, subject to customary exceptions. 
 Deferred financing costs incurred in connection with securing the Revolving Credit Facility were million, which is carried as a long-term asset and is amortized on a straight-line over the term of the Revolving Credit Facility and included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 The Company borrowed million under the Revolving Credit Facility to finance a portion of the costs and expenses in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination. On December 9, 2021, the Company repaid the full drawdown of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and was in compliance with all covenants, including the financial covenants. 
 Bridge Facility 
 In connection with entering into the Business Combination Agreement , EverArc entered into a commitment letter, dated June 15, 2021, with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA (collectively, the Commitment Parties pursuant to which the Commitment Parties had, with respect to bridge financing, committed to provide up to million in bridge loans (the Bridge Loan Commitment to ensure financing for the Business Combination. Effective November 9, 2021, the Bridge Loan Commitment was fully terminated as a result of the million in committed amounts available under the Senior Notes, as described below. The Company did not make any borrowings under the Bridge Loan Commitment and incurred a commitment fee of million which was recorded as 
 94 

T able of Contents 

 million, which was subsequently updated to million, principal amount of Senior Notes due October 30, 2029 pursuant to that certain indenture dated as of October 22, 2021 Indenture between SK Intermediate II and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee and Collateral Agent (the Trustee ). Upon the consummation of the Business Combination, SK Intermediate II assumed the Escrow Issuer s obligations under the Senior Notes. 
 The Senior Notes bear interest at an annual rate of . Interest on the Senior Notes is payable in cash semi-annually in arrears on April 30 and October 30 of each year, commencing on April 30, 2022. 
 The Senior Notes are general, secured, senior obligations of SK Intermediate II; rank equally in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of SK Intermediate II (including, without limitation, the Revolving Credit Facility); and together with the Revolving Credit Facility, are effectively senior to all existing and future indebtedness of SK Intermediate II that is not secured by the collateral. The Senior Notes are effectively subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness of SK Intermediate II that is secured by assets other than the collateral, to the extent of the collateral securing such indebtedness, are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness, claims of holders of any preferred shares that may be issued by, and other liabilities of, subsidiaries of SK Intermediate II that do not guarantee the Senior Notes. The Senior Notes are senior in right of payment to any future subordinated indebtedness of SK Intermediate II and are initially guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the guarantors discussed below and will also be guaranteed in the future by each subsidiary, if any, that guarantees indebtedness under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On or after October 30, 2024, SK Intermediate II may on any one or more occasions redeem all or a portion of the Senior Notes at the redemption prices, expressed as percentages of principal amount set forth the Indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Senior Notes redeemed. In addition, prior to October 30, 2024, SK Intermediate II may, at its option, redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes with funds in an aggregate amount not exceeding the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 The Senior Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis, jointly and severally, by all of SK Intermediate II s existing or future restricted subsidiaries (other than certain excluded subsidiaries) that guarantee the Revolving Credit Facility. The Senior Notes contain certain covenants limiting SK Intermediate II s ability and the ability of the restricted subsidiaries (as defined in the indenture governing the Senior Notes) to, under certain circumstances, prepay subordinated indebtedness, pay distributions, redeem stock or make certain restricted investments; incur indebtedness; create liens on the SK Intermediate II s assets to secure debt; restrict dividends, distributions or other payments; enter into transactions with affiliates; designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries; sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of assets, including equity interests of restricted subsidiaries; effect a consolidation or merger; and change the Company s line of business. 
 Deferred financing costs incurred in connection with securing the Senior Notes were million, which were capitalized and will be amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the Senior Notes and included in interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). The unamortized portion of the deferred financing costs is included as a reduction to the carrying value of the Senior Notes which have been recorded as long-term debt, net on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 Redeemable Preferred Shares 
 In connection with the Business Combination, SK Holdings along with officers and certain key employees of SK Intermediate contributed a portion of their investment in ordinary shares of SK Intermediate to the Company in exchange for million Redeemable Preferred Shares, nominal value per share, valued at million. The Redeemable Preferred Shares are entitled to a preferred annual cumulative right to a dividend equal to of its nominal value. The preferred dividend will generally be paid in cash and in kind each year within three business days following the Company's annual general meeting. At December 31, 2022, million of preferred dividends were in arrears. 
 95 

T able of Contents 

 following the latest maturity date of the above-mentioned Senior Notes, (ii) after the date of issuance of the Redeemable Preferred Shares or (iii) upon the occurrence of a change of control, as defined in the Company s Articles. The redemption price per share would be equal to the nominal value of the Redeemable Preferred Shares plus any accrued and unpaid preferential dividend, if any. If the Company fails to redeem the Redeemable Preferred Shares at the times noted above, the preferred dividend rate will permanently increase to the interest rate currently being paid (whether in default or not) under the Senior Credit Agreement plus . 
 Due to the fact that the Redeemable Preferred Shares are mandatorily redeemable, the Redeemable Preferred Shares are classified as a liability on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and million of dividends on these Redeemable Preferred Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 are classified as interest expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Holders of the Redeemable Preferred Shares generally have no voting rights. However, without the prior consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Redeemable Preferred Shares, the Company is prohibited from (i) issuing any shares ranking pari passu or senior to the Redeemable Preferred Shares, (ii) enter into a credit agreement or amend the terms of the Senior Notes in a manner that would adversely affect the redemption of Redeemable Preferred Shares by extending the maturity date under such credit facility or increase the restrictions on the Company s ability to pay the cash portion of the preferred dividend, (iii) amending the Company's charter or entering into, amending or altering any other agreement in any manner that would adversely affect Redeemable Preferred Shares or (iv) pay a cash dividend on Ordinary Shares until such time the Company has paid the cash portion of the preferred dividend in arrears. 
 The Redeemable Preferred Shares have an aggregate liquidation preference of million, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and is senior to the Company's Ordinary Shares with respect to dividends and with respect to dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company. At December 31, 2022, the redemption price was million. 
 Predecessor 
 In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, on the Closing Date, million of outstanding debt was repaid and the related unamortized debt issue costs of million was charged to interest expense in the 2021 Predecessor Period in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 96 

T able of Contents 

 8. 
 ) ) ) U.S. Federal ) ) ) U.S. state and local ) ) ) Other foreign jurisdictions ) ) ) Total current ) ) ) Deferred: Luxembourg ) U.S. Federal U.S. state and local ) Other foreign jurisdictions ) Total deferred Total income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) 
 ) ) ) U.S. ) Other foreign jurisdictions ) Total income (loss) before taxes ) 
 97 

T able of Contents 

 (Increase)/reduction in income tax rate: U.S. state and local income taxes, net ) Effect of rates different from statutory ) ) ) Nondeductible officer compensation Tax on unremitted earnings Section 250 deduction ) ) ) ) Transaction costs ) Nontaxable gain/loss on earn-out liability ) Founders advisory fees ) ) Tax rate changes ) Changes in prior year estimates ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Other, net ) ) Effective tax rate 
 98 

T able of Contents 

Inventory Interest Accrued liabilities Goodwill and other intangibles Lease liability Other Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Goodwill and other intangibles ) ) Inventory ) Unremitted earnings ) ) Right-of-use asset ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards in Luxembourg of million, which will expire, if unused, starting in 2034 and million, which can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company has U.S. state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million on a net, post-apportionment basis, that will expire, if unused, starting in 2041. The Company has other foreign net operating loss carryforwards of million, of which, the majority can be carried forward indefinitely. 
 On August 15, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act into law. Management has reviewed the tax provisions of this legislation and has determined that there are no provisions that would have a material impact on the Company. 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more-likely- than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods), projected future taxable income, and tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. While the Company expects to realize the remaining net deferred tax assets, changes in future taxable income or in tax laws may alter this expectation and result in future increases to the valuation allowance. 
 The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily relates to net operating loss and interest deduction limitation carryforwards that, in the judgment of the Company, are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. The change in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for the year ending December 31, 2022 was a net increase of million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company has provided deferred taxes of million associated with withholding taxes on accumulated undistributed earnings generated by foreign subsidiaries. Earnings of countries within the European Union would be subject to zero withholding tax on future distributions of unremitted earnings. The Company continues to assert permanent reinvestment of the remaining undistributed earnings for which deferred taxes have not been provided for as of 
 99 

T able of Contents 

 million of uncertain tax positions that, if recognized, would not affect the effective tax rate. The Company did t have any uncertain tax benefits as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions and amounts had been recognized in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Increase in prior years tax positions Balance at end of year 
 The Company files income tax returns in Luxembourg, U.S. federal and state jurisdictions, and other foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, tax years 2019 through 2021 are subject to examination by the tax authorities in the U.S. 
 
 9. 
 million, million, million and million during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, respectively. 
 The Company also has an agreement to purchase various types of capital equipment up to million through October 2027. In 2022, the Company paid million to the supplier and the remaining million will be paid through October 2027. 
 
 10. 
 million, consisting of billion Ordinary Shares , with a nominal value of per share and million Redeemable Preferred Shares with a nominal value of per share. Each ordinary share entitles the holder thereof to vote. 
 100 

T able of Contents 

 and Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 On December 7, 2021, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company, the Board authorized a share repurchase plan (the Share Repurchase Plan ). Under the Share Repurchase Plan, the Company is authorized to repurchase up to million of its issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares at any time during the next months or, if different, such other timeframe as approved by the shareholders of the Company. Until such time as the Share Repurchase Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company, the Board authorized any subsidiary of the Company to take such actions necessary to purchase Ordinary Shares of the Company. Repurchases under the Share Repurchase Plan may be made, from time to time, in such quantities, in such manner and on such terms and conditions and at prices the Company deems appropriate. The Share Repurchase Plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Ordinary Shares and may be modified or suspended at any time and could be terminated prior to completion. The repurchase program will be funded with cash on hand or borrowings under the Company's revolving credit facility. 
 On July 21, 2022, subject to certain limits, the shareholders of the Company approved a proposal authorizing the Board to repurchase up to of the Company s Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of the shareholders approval, being Ordinary Shares, at any time during the next . On November 3, 2022, the Board re-established the limit for Ordinary Share repurchases at million, which is within the repurchase limit approved by Company s shareholders on July 21, 2022. 
 The Company repurchased Ordinary Shares for the year ended December 31, 2022, of which Ordinary Shares were repur chased on behalf of a wholly-owned subsidiary. The repurchased Ordinary Shares were recorded at cost and are being held in treasury. 
 In accordance with the Luxembourg company law, from the annual net profits of the Company, at least 5 shall each year be allocated to a reserve (the Legal Reserve ). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10 of the amount of the share capital of the Company. The general meeting of shareholders, upon the recommendation of the Company's Board, shall resolve how the remainder of the annual net profits, after allocation to the Legal Reserve, will be disposed of by allocating the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve, by carrying it forward to the following financial year or by distributing it, together with carried forward profits, to the shareholders. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has not made any allocation to the Legal Reserve. 
 Predecessor 
 SK Intermediate made a million capital distribution to SK Holdings in the 2021 Predecessor Period. 
 Warrants 
 In connection with the Merger, EverArc Warrants issued and outstanding on the Closing Date were converted into the right to purchase Ordinary Shares, entitling the holder thereof to purchase one-fourth of one Ordinary Share at an exercise price of per whole Ordinary Share. The warrant subscription period ends on the earlier of the third anniversary of the Closing Date or such earlier date as determined by the warrant instrument. 
 101 

T able of Contents 

 per Warrant if at any time the average price per Ordinary Share equals or exceeds for a period of ten consecutive trading days subject to any prior adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Warrant Instrument. Management considers this feature to be an early exercise contingency. 
 The Warrants are classified within equity as they are indexed to the Company s own equity and meet the criteria for equity classification, including the fact that there are no provisions that would require cash settlement of the Warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received million for Warrant exercises and issued Ordinary Shares. During the 2021 Successor Period, Warrants were exercised and Ordinary Shares issued. As of December 31, 2022 there were Warrants issued and outstanding. 
 
 11. 
 Ordinary Shares are authorized and reserved for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan which provides for the grant of stock options (either incentive or non-qualified), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted stock, restricted stock units RSUs ), performance shares, performance share units and other share-based awards with respect to the Ordinary Shares. Shares associated with underlying awards that are expired, forfeited, or otherwise terminated without the delivery of shares, or are settled in cash, and any shares tendered to or withheld by the Company for the payment of an exercise price or for tax withholding will again be available for issuance under the 2021 Equity Plan. The purpose of the 2021 Equity Plan is to promote the interests of PSSA and its shareholders by providing the Company with a means to attract and retain employees, officers, consultants, advisor s and directors who will contribute to its long-term growth and success and providing such individuals with incentives that will align with those of the Company's shareholders. 
 T he Company has granted PBNQSO to its executive officers, non-employee directors and other members of senior management under the 2021 Equity Plan. The exercise prices of these PBNQSO ranged from to per Ordinary Share and consist of two types of vesting criteria. Of the aggregate number of PBNQSO granted, PBNQSO were eligible to vest based on the achievement of certain performance goals for fiscal year 2021 (the Bridge Option ), and the remaining PBNQSO are eligible to vest based on the achievement of certain performance goals for fiscal years 2022-2026 (the 5.-Year Option ). The PBNQSO expire from the grant date. 
 The Bridge Options vest and became exercisable upon (i) the Company achieving an EBITDA target of million for fiscal year 2021; and (ii) the recipient remaining in continuous service through the first anniversary of the grant date. As of December 31, 2022, all the Bridge Options vested and became available to exercise. 
 The -Year Options will be eligible to vest over a period in equal annual tranches based on the achievement AOP targets as set forth in the award agreements. The AOP targets are based on a compounded annual growth rate, and the actual AOP achieved for any given years is calculated in accordance with a formula as set forth in the award agreements. For each yearly tranche, the Company will need to achieve compounded annual growth for minimum vesting (resulting in of that tranche vesting) and compounded annual growth for maximum vesting (resulting in of that tranche vesting). If the actual AOP achieved for any given year exceeds the maximum target, such excess may be treated as having been achieved in the following two fiscal years and/or the prior two fiscal years (without duplication) if less than the full amount of options would otherwise have vested for such years. 
 The Company's chief executive officer, ("CEO") and business director, North America Retardant and Services, are required to hold a minimum level of personal investment of million and million, respectively, in Ordinary Shares pursuant to stock retention guidelines attached to their respective PBNQSO agreement. The aggregate value may include the fair market value of shares associated with underlying options over the exercise price, but half of the value must be attributable to Ordinary Shares held by each officer. Each officer will have after grant date to comply with these requirements. 
 102 

T able of Contents 

 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Options vested and exercisable 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Expected volatility 
 Expected life (years) Weighted average exercise price of options granted Weighted average fair value of options granted 
 Non-cash share-based compensation expense recognized by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Successor Period was million and million, respectively. The total tax benefit recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Successor Period related to non-cash share-based compensation expense was million and million, respectively. Compensation expense is recognized based upon probability assessments of PBNQSO that are expected to vest in future period s. Such probability assessments are subject to revision and, therefore, unrecognized compensation expense is subject to future changes in estimate. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested PBNQSO expected to vest, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 On December 7, 2021, the Company granted Ordinary Shares to a consultant for his services to the Company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement. The fair value per share on the grant date was . The shares vested upon grant. The grant date fair value of million was recorded by the Company as an expense related to Business Combination and is reported in selling general and administrative expense in the 2021 Successor Period of the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 Founder Advisory Amounts 
 As discussed in Note 13, Related Parties, following the Business Combination, the Company assumed, and agreed to pay, perform, satisfy and discharge in full, all of EverArc s liabilities and obligations under the key terms and conditions of the Founder Advisory Agreement previously executed between EverArc and EverArc Founder Entity. 
 The fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount as of November 9, 2021 was calculated to be million based on the closing share price of Ordinary Shares on November 9, 2021 of . The fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation because of the market condition (i.e., achievement of a specified share price) associated with this award and was determined to be million. For Advisory Amounts classified within equity, the Company does not subsequently remeasure the fair value. For the Advisory Amounts classified as a liability, the Company remeasures the fair value at each reporting date. 
 103 

T able of Contents 

 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected life (years) 10-day volume weighted average share price 
 All of the Founder Advisory Amounts vested on the date of the Business Combination because, the Company believes that, as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, it has incurred an obligation equal to the present value of the Advisory Amounts. Share-based compensation expense related to the Advisory Amounts recognized by the Company during the 2021 Successor Period was million. This consists of million that was recognized on the Business Combination date and million recognized on December 31, 2021 based on the change in fair value for liability-classified Advisory Amounts since the Closing Date. Compensation expense recorded by the Company in the future will depend upon changes in the fair value of the liability-classified Advisory Amounts. See Note 13, Related Parties, for additional information related to the Founders Advisory Amounts . 
 Predecessor 
 Prior to the Business Combination, SK Invictus Holdings, LP, a Cayman limited partnership and the former ultimate parent of the Company (the Parent ), established an Incentive Unit Grant agreement under which the Parent granted incentive units to individuals employed by the Company. The incentive units vest as follows: (i) vest on the date on which the Company s investors achieve a rate of return of at least x, (ii) an additional vest on the date on which the Company s investors achieve a rate of return of at least x, and (iii) the remaining vest on the date on which the Company s investors achieve a rate of return of at least x. The Business Combination resulted in the Company s investors achieving a rate of return greater than x, which resulted in of the incentive units vesting on the date of the Business Combination. On the Closing Date there were incentive units outstanding. Since the incentive units are equity classified instruments, the Company measured the units at their grant date fair value. The Company measured the fair value of the incentive units using a Black-Scholes model. 
 The grant date fair value of the incentive units that was recognized on the date of the Business Combination was million. This amount was recognized on the black-line financial statements between the Predecessor and Successor periods because this amount is not directly attributable to either the Predecessor or Successor period but was instead contingent on the Business Combination. 
 Savings and Investment Plans 
 The Company sponsors a savings and investment plan under which a portion of employee contributions are matched. For the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 Successor Period, 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period the Company made matching contributions of million, million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 12. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 104 

T able of Contents 

 LaderaTech contingent earn-out included in other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities December 31, 2021 
 Liabilities: Founders advisory fees payable - related party LaderaTech contingent earn-out included in other liabilities, non-current Total liabilities 
 The LaderaTech contingent earn-out is based on of gross profits upon achieving a revenue threshold exceeding million through December 31, 2026 and was valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model. Significant changes in the projected revenue, projected gross margin, or discount rate would have a material impact on the fair value of the contingent consideration. See Note 11, Share-Based Compensation and Employee Benefits for discussion of the fair value estimation for the founders advisory fees payable. 
 105 

T able of Contents 

 Settlements ) Loss on contingent earn-out Balance, November 8, 2021 Successor Balance, November 9, 2021 Founders advisory fees - related party, change in fair value Loss on contingent earn-out Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Settlements ) Reclassification from liability to equity ) Founders advisory fees - related party, change in fair value ) Gain on contingent earn-out ) Balance, December 31, 2022 
 
 Intangible Assets Acquired (Successor) 
 The estimated fair value assigned to identifiable intangible assets acquired are determined primarily by using an income approach using a discounted cash flow methodology, which is based on assumptions and estimates made by the management. The estimated fair value of the customer relationship intangible assets was estimated using the multi-period excess earnings method. Management applied significant judgement related to this fair value method, which included the selection of an expected EBITDA margin assumption for the forecast period, contributory asset charges, customer attrition rate and market-participant discount rate assumptions. The estimated fair value of the existing technology and trademarks intangible assets were estimated using the relief-from-royalty method. Management applied significant judgement related to this fair value method, which included the selection of a royalty rate over the expected economic life of the technology or trademark and market-participant discount rate assumptions. These significant assumptions are based on company specific information and projections, which are not observable in the market (except for the discount rate assumption) and, therefore, are considered Level 2 and Level 3 measurements. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future changes in economic and market conditions. 
 Customer lists Existing technology and patents Total estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired 
 (1) Amortization of identifiable intangible assets is performed on a straight-line basis over the applicable useful life. 
 106 

T able of Contents 

 13. 
 Ordinary Shares of the Ordinary Shares , the Founder Advisory Agreement Calculation Number). 
 Variable Annual Advisory Amount . Effective upon the consummation of the Business Combination through December 31, 2031, and once the average price per Ordinary Share is at least , the Variable Annual Advisory Amount will be equal in value to: 
 in the first year in which the Variable Annual Advisory Amount is payable, (x) of the increase in the market value of one ordinary share of the Company over (such increase in market value, the Payment Price multiplied by (y) Ordinary Shares , the Founder Advisory Agreement Calculation Number; and 
 in the following years in which the Variable Annual Advisory Amount may be payable (if at all), (x) of the increase in Payment Price over the previous year Payment Price multiplied by (y) Ordinary Shares , the Founder Advisory Agreement Calculation Number. 
 The Founder Advisory Agreement can be terminated at any time (i) by the EverArc Founder Entity if the Company ceases to be traded on the NYSE; or (ii) by the EverArc Founder Entity or the Company if there is (A) a Sale of the Company (as defined in the Founder Advisory Agreement) or (B) a liquidation of the Company. 
 The Company calculates the fair value of the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount using the average price of Ordinary Shares and used a Monte Carlo simulation model to calculate the fair value of the Variable Annual Advisory Amount. The Advisory Amounts may be settled by paying up to in cash, recorded as a liability, with the remaining percentage settled in Ordinary Shares. While the entire instrument is subject to the fair value calculation described above, the amount classified and recorded as equity remains consistent while the amount classified and recorded as a liability is updated each period. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a reduction in share-based compensation expense related to a decrease in fair value for liability-classified Advisory Amounts of million primarily due to the decrease in share price. 
 For 2022, the average price was per Ordinary Share. The EverArc Founder Entity is entitled to receive the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of Ordinary Shares or a value of million, based on average price of per Ordinary Share (the 2022 Fixed Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity did not qualify to receive Variable Annual Advisory Amount for 2022 as the average price of per Ordinary Share for 2022 was lower than the average price of per Ordinary Share established for 2021. Per the Founder Advisory Agreement, the EverArc Founder Entity elected to receive approximately of the 2022 Fixed Amount in Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares) and approximately of the 2022 Fixed Amount in cash million). On February 15, 2023, the Company issued Ordinary Shares and paid million in cash in satisfaction of 2022 Fixed Amount. 
 For 2021, the average price was per Ordinary Share, resulting in a Fixed Annual Advisory Amount of Ordinary Shares or a value of million, based on average price of per Ordinary Share (the 2021 Fixed Amount ). The EverArc Founder Entity also received a total Variable Annual Advisory Amount for 2021 of ordinary shares, or a value of million (the 2021 Variable Amount and together with the 2021 Fixed Amount, the 2021 Advisory Amounts ). Per the Founder Advisory Agreement, the EverArc Founder Entity elected to receive approximately of the 2021 Advisory Amounts in ordinary shares ordinary shares) and 
 107 

T able of Contents 

 of the 2021 Advisory Amounts in cash million). On February 15, 2022, the Company issued Ordinary Shares and paid million in cash in satisfaction of 2021 Advisory Amounts. 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions, the EverArc Founder Entity s liability for losses in connection with the services provided is excluded and the Company will have agreed to indemnify the EverArc Founder Entity and its affiliates in relation to certain liabilities incurred in connection with acts or omissions by or on behalf of the Company or the EverArc Founder Entity. If the Founder Advisory Agreement is terminated under (i) or (ii)(A), the Company will pay the EverArc Founder Entity an amount in cash equal to: (a) the Fixed Annual Advisory Amount for the year in which termination occurs and for each remaining year of the term of the agreement, in each case at the Payment Price; and (b) the Variable Annual Advisory Amount that would have been payable for the year of termination and for each remaining year of the term of the agreement. In each case the Payment Price in the year of termination will be calculated on the basis of the Payment Year ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date of termination, save that in the event of a Sale of the Company, the Payment Price will be calculated on the basis of the amount paid by the relevant third party (or cash equivalent if such amount is not paid in cash). For each remaining year of the term of the agreement the Payment Price in each case will increase by each year. No account will be taken of any Payment Price in any year preceding the termination when calculating amounts due on termination. Payment will be immediately due and payable on the date of termination of the Founder Advisory Agreement. 
 Notwithstanding that the Fixed and Variable Advisory Amounts will be paid out over and , respectively, the Company has accrued the full amount of the payments because, the Company believes that, as a result of the consummation of the Business Combination, it has incurred an obligation equal to the present value of the entire amount of both the Fixed and Variable Annual Advisory Amounts. 
 In the 2021 Successor Period, the Management Subscribers were granted an aggregate of Ordinary Shares at per shar e as consideration and the Director Subscribers purchased an aggregate of Ordinary Shares at per share in connection with the closing of the Business Combination. Certain officers of the Company entered into non-compete agreements that placed restrictive employment covenants on them for a period of following the Closing Date. 
 The Company paid million and million to lease real property from the sellers of First Response Fire Rescue, LLC, River City Fabrication, LLC, and H S Transport, LLC (collectively, Ironman during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Successor Period, respectively. 
 
 Predecessor 
 In the 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, million and million, respectively, was purchased pursuant to a purchase and sales agreement with the former owners of the original Invictus business (the "Sellers") for specific raw materials in the ordinary course of business. Additionally, in the 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period the Company sold raw materials at cost of million and million, respectively to the Sellers. Sales of raw materials are recorded net as the agent since the Company does not have the following: a) primary responsibility for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good, b) inventory risk before the specified good is transferred to the customer, or c) discretion in establishing the prices for the specified good. This related party transaction is not at arm s length. 
 SK Capital Partners IV-A, L.P. and SK Capital Partners IV-A, L.P. (collectively, the Sponsor provided board oversight, operational and strategic support, and assistance with business development in return for a quarterly management fee. Total management consulting fees and expenses were million and million for the 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, respectively, and are presented in other operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 
 million and million in rent and related expenses during the 2021 Predecessor Period and 2020 Predecessor Period, respectively. 
 108 

T able of Contents 

 14. 
 
 Revenues from services Other revenues Total net sales 
 
 15. 
 ) Weighted-average shares outstanding: Weighted average shares used in computing earnings per share, basic Founders advisory fees Weighted average shares used in computing earnings per share, diluted Basic earnings per share ) Diluted earnings per share ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, million PBNQSO and million Ordinary Shares issuable under the Founder Advisory Agreement were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the contingencies related to such instruments had not been met. In addition, million Ordinary Shares equivalent Warrants were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2021, million PBNQSO were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as the contingencies related to such instruments had not been met. In addition, million Ordinary Shares equivalent Warrants were excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 109 

T able of Contents 

 16. 
 operating segments: Fire Safety and Specialty Products, formerly Oil Additives. 
 The Fire Safety segment provides fire retardants and firefighting foams, as well as specialized equipment and services typically offered in conjunction with the Company s retardant and foam products. 
 In June 2022, the Oil Additives segment, which produces and sells P 2 S 5 , was renamed the Specialty Products segment to better reflect the current and expanding applications for P 2 S 5 in several end markets and applications, including lubricant additives, various agricultural applications, various mining applications, and emerging electric battery technologies. Within the lubricant additive end market, currently the Company s largest end market application, P 2 S 5 is primarily used in the production of a family of compounds called ZDDP, which is considered an essential component in the formulation of engine oils with its main function to provide anti-wear protection to engine components. P 2 S 5 is also used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications. 
 Interest income, interest expense, other income (expense) and certain corporate operating expenses are neither allocated to the segments nor included in the measures of segment performance by the chief operating decision-maker CODM ). The corporate category is not considered to be a segment. The CODM is the Company's CEO. 
 The Company s CODM uses the segment net sales and segment Adjusted EBITDA to assess the ongoing performance of the Company s business segments and to allocate resources. The Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted on a consistent basis for certain non-recurring or unusual items in a balanced manner and on a segment basis. These non-recurring or unusual items may include acquisition and integration related costs, management fees and other non-recurring items. 
 110 

T able of Contents 

 Specialty products Total Adjusted EBITDA: Fire safety ) Specialty products Total segment Adjusted EBITDA ) Less: Depreciation and amortization Interest and financing expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) Non-recurring expenses Share-based compensation expense Non-cash purchase accounting impact (Gain) loss on contingent earn-out ) Management fees Contingent future payments Unrealized foreign currency loss (gain) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization: Fire safety Specialty products Total December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Fire safety Specialty products Total 
 111 

T able of Contents 

 International sales (1) 
 Total net sales 100 100 100 100 
 of sales in the 2021 Successor Period due to the shortened reporting period, the Company had no other operations in any individual international country that represented more than 10 of sales in the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 
 Canada Germany Other foreign jurisdictions Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 112 

T able of Contents 

 17. 
 Intercompany receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Other assets: Investment in subsidiaries Intercompany note receivable Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Intercompany payable Founders advisory fees payable - related party Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Founders advisory fees payable - related party Redeemable preferred shares Redeemable preferred shares - related party Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 

113 

T able of Contents 

 Founders advisory fees - related party ) Total operating (income) expense ) Operating income (loss) ) Other expenses Income (loss) before undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) Undistributed earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Net income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 
 114 

T able of Contents 

 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities Founders advisory fees - related party (change in accounting fair value) ) Equity in earnings of subsidiaries Interest and payment-in-kind on preferred shares Share-based compensation Share-based compensation - Founders advisory fees - related party (equity settled) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Intercompany receivable ) Prepaid expenses and current other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees - related party (cash settled) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Intercompany note receivable ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Ordinary shares repurchased ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Sale of Ordinary Shares issued to Director Subscribers Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities: Liability portion of founders advisory fees - related party reclassified to additional paid in capital Redeemable preferred shares issued as consideration for business combination Management Subscribers rollover contribution 
 See accompanying notes to condensed financial statements. 
 
 115 

T able of Contents 

116 

T able of Contents 

18. 
 
 117 

T able of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net Inventories Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Customer lists, net Technology and patents, net Tradenames, net Other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Founders advisory fees payable - related party Deferred revenue Total current liabilities ) Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Founders advisory fees payable - related party Redeemable preferred shares Redeemable preferred shares - related party Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities ) Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity: Ordinary shares, nominal value per share, shares authorized; shares issued; shares outstanding 
 Treasury shares, at cost; shares 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 118 

T able of Contents 

 Cost of goods sold ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense ) ) Amortization expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) ) ) ) Other operating expense ) ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) ) ) ) Operating income Other expense (income): Interest expense, net Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) ) ) Unrealized foreign currency loss Other income, net ) ) ) ) Total other expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 119 

T able of Contents 

 ) ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2022 ) ) ) Adjustments Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Net income Total Adjustments ) As Restated Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, September 30, 2022 ) ) ) 
 120 

T able of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Founders advisory fees - related party (change in accounting fair value) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Interest and payment-in-kind on preferred shares Share-based compensation ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of acquisition related inventory step-up ) Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) Unrealized loss on foreign currency Loss on disposal of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable Deferred revenue Income taxes payable, net ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees - related party (cash settled) ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase price adjustment under Business Combination Agreement ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Liability portion of founders advisory fees - related party reclassified to additional paid in capital 

121 

T able of Contents 

 Accounts receivable, net Inventories Income tax receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets ) Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Customer lists, net Technology and patents, net Tradenames, net Other assets, net Total assets ) LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees payable - related party Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes ) Founders advisory fees payable - related party Redeemable preferred shares Redeemable preferred shares - related party Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities ) Commitments and contingencies Shareholders equity: Ordinary shares, nominal value per share, shares authorized; shares issued; shares outstanding 
 Treasury shares, at cost; shares 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total shareholders equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders equity ) 
 122 

T able of Contents 

 Cost of goods sold ) ) Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expense ) ) Amortization expense Founders advisory fees - related party ) ) ) ) Other operating expense Total operating expenses ) ) ) ) Operating income Other expense (income): Interest expense, net Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) ) ) Unrealized foreign currency loss Other income, net ) ) ) ) Total other expense, net Income before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 123 

T able of Contents 

 ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) ) Adjustments Balance, March 31, 2022 ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) Net income Total Adjustments ) ) ) As Restated Balance, March 31, 2022 ) ) Share-based compensation Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance, June 30, 2022 ) ) ) 
 124 

T able of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Founders advisory fees - related party (change in accounting fair value) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Interest and payment-in-kind on preferred shares Share-based compensation ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of acquisition related inventory step-up ) Gain on contingent earn-out ) ) Unrealized loss on foreign currency Loss on disposal of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Income tax receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Accounts payable Deferred revenue Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Founders advisory fees - related party (cash settled) ) ) Other liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Purchase price adjustment under Business Combination Agreement ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Ordinary shares repurchased ) ) Proceeds from exercise of warrants Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Liability portion of founders advisory fees - related party reclassified to additional paid in capital 
 125 

T able of Contents 

) Total current assets ) Total assets ) Deferred income taxes ) Total liabilities ) Additional paid-in capital ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total shareholders equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders equity ) 
 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 As Reported Adjustment As Revised Cost of goods sold ) Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expense ) Total operating expenses ) ) ) Operating income Income before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) Earnings per share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 Three Months Ended March 31, 2022 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders Equity Balance, December 31, 2021, as reported ) Adjustments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021, as revised ) Share-based compensation, as reported Adjustments ) ) Share-based compensation, as revised Net income, as reported Adjustments ) ) Net income, as revised Balance, March 31, 2022, as reported ) Adjustments ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2022, as revised ) 
 
 126 

T able of Contents 

 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Share-based compensation ) Deferred income taxes ) Amortization of acquisition related inventory step-up ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Income tax receivable ) ) 
 The impact of the revision on the Company s audited financial statements for the December 2021 Period are presented below (in thousands): 
 DECEMBER 2021 PERIOD 
 December 31, 2021 Consolidated Balance Sheet As Reported Adjustment As Revised Inventories ) Total current assets ) Total assets ) Deferred income taxes ) Total liabilities ) Accumulated deficit ) ) ) Total shareholders equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders equity ) 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) November 9, 2021 Through December 31, 2021 As Reported Adjustment As Revised Cost of goods sold Gross profit ) ) Operating loss ) ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss ) ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic and diluted 
 
 November 9, 2021 Through December 31, 2021 Consolidated Statement of Shareholders Equity Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders Equity Net loss, as reported ) ) Adjustments ) ) Net loss, as revised ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021, as reported ) Adjustments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021, as revised ) 
 
 127 

T able of Contents ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Amortization of acquisition related inventory step-up 
 
 19. 
 
 times his annual base salary; (ii) his target bonus for fiscal year 2023 adjusted for his time spent with the Company; plus (iii) the Company s portion of the applicable premiums for COBRA continuation coverage for months. 

128 

T able of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, PSSA has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including PSSA s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, and although the Company has made progress in remediating the material weaknesses previously reported in our 2021 Annual Report, PSSA s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures remain ineffective due to material weaknesses that exist as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a 15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the current period material weaknesses described below. 
 BDO USA, LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has provided an attestation report on PSSA s internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weakness described below, such report includes an adverse audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 Material Weaknesses in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Existing in the Current Period 
 In connection with the evaluation of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as described above, management has identified the following deficiency in our control environment in the current period that constituted a material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022: 
 We failed to design and implement review controls at a sufficient level of precision over the consideration of key terms and conditions affecting grant date in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , when accounting for performance-based stock. 
 This material weakness resulted in material errors to our previously issued condensed consolidated financial statements on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022, and a restatement of those previously issued condensed consolidated financial statements as described in Note 18 to our consolidated financial statements is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In addition, the following material weaknesses previously reported in our 2021 Annual Report continue to exist as of December 31, 2022: 
 Failure to design and implement review controls at a sufficient level of precision around complex accounting areas and related disclosures, including business combinations and goodwill impairment assessment, specifically related to the determination of carrying value and review of valuation assumptions. 
 Failure to design and implement controls over the business combination and its effects on the presentation of the statement of cash flows, equity issuance costs, and transaction costs and the judgments made in the determination of purchase consideration. 
 129 

T able of Contents 

 Remediation Efforts to Address the Material Weakness Existing in the Current Period 
 To remediate the material weaknesses that exist in our control environment as of December 31, 2022, the Company is taking the following actions: 
 Management will enhance the precision at which certain review controls are executed related to the determination and application of accounting policies, specifically those associated with the application of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, as well as continue to enhance the precision of other review controls executed over complex accounting areas and disclosure, with particular emphasis on those requiring significant judgment. 
 Management will continue to enhance oversight and accountability related to the performance of controls over complex accounting areas and disclosure, including business combinations and goodwill impairment assessment. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses 
 As described further in our 2021 Annual Report, PSSA s principal executive officer and principal financial officer had concluded that as of December 31, 2021, the design and implementation of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the existence of material weaknesses. Of the material weaknesses previously reported in our 2021 Annual Report, the following have been remediated as of December 31, 2022: 
 Lack of appropriately designed and implemented controls related to (i) maintain segregation of duties between the creation, posting and approval of journal entries and (ii) ensure the assumptions made in connection with estimates used to value intangible assets acquired in business combinations are sufficiently reviewed. 
 Failure to properly design and implement controls related to the forecasting of the repatriation of earnings with respect to APB 23. 
 Overall, management has concluded that these material weaknesses previously reported in our 2021 Annual report have been remediated due to the following actions taken by the Company: 
 Implementation of new controls and procedures. 
 Hiring of additional qualified resources. 
 Engagement of outside resources to assist with the design and implementation of a system of risk-based internal controls that aligns to and is measured against the 2013 Framework. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting other than as described above. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 130 

T able of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days subsequent to December 31, 2022. 
 131 

T able of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements: The consolidated financial statements and related notes, together with the report of BDO USA, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, appear in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , of this Annual Report. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they either are not required, not applicable, or the information required to be presented is included in the Company s consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 See Index to Exhibits on page 133 . 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 
 132 

T able of Contents 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Incorporated by Reference Form Exhibit Filing Date 2.1 
 Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021, among EverArc Holdings Limited, SK Invictus Intermediate S. r.l., Perimeter Solutions, SA, EverArc (BVI) Merger Sub Limited and SK Invictus Holdings, S. r.l. 
 S-4 2.1 September 1, 2021 3.1 
 Articles of Association of Perimeter Solutions, SA. 
 S-1/A 3.2 November 10, 2021 4. 1 
 Description of Securities . 
 4.2 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA Warrant Instrument. 
 S-1/A 4.4 November 10, 2021 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of October 22, 2021 between EverArc Escrow S. r.l. and U.S. Bank National Association. 
 S-4/A 4.5 October 25, 2021 10.1 
 Advisory Services Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2019 by and between EverArc Holdings Limited and EverArc Founders LLC. 
 S-4/A 10.3 October 8, 2021 10.2 
 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA, EverArc Holdings Limited and EverArc Founders LLC. 
 S-1/A 10.16 November 10, 2021 10.3 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2021 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Edward Goldberg. 
 S-4/A 10.6 October 8, 2021 10.4 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2021 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Barry Lederman. 
 S-4/A 10.5 October 8, 2021 10.5 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2021 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Shannon Horn. 
 S-4/A 10.7 October 8, 2021 10.6 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021 between EverArc Holdings Limited, Perimeter Solutions, SA and Edward Goldberg. 
 S-4/A 10.12 October 8, 2021 10.7 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021 between EverArc Holdings Limited, Perimeter Solutions, SA and Barry Lederman. 
 S-4/A 10.9 October 8, 2021 10.8 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021 between EverArc Holdings Limited, Perimeter Solutions, SA and Shannon Horn. 
 S-4/A 10.8 October 8, 2021 10.9 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 S-1/A 10.13 November 10, 2021 10.10 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2021, by and among SK Invictus Intermediate S. r.l., as guarantor; SK Invictus Intermediate II S. r.l., as borrower; the other guarantors party thereto; the lenders, L/C issuers and swing line lender parties thereto; Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent; and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, as joint lead arrangers and bookrunning managers. 
 S-1/A 10.15 November 10, 2021 10.11 
 Form of Option Award Agreement (2021). 
 10-K 10.11 March 31, 2022 10.12 
 Form of Option Award Agreement (2022). 
 10-K 10.12 March 31, 2022 10. 13 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2022 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Barry Lederman . 
 10-Q 10.1 May 10, 2022 10.1 4 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 6 , 202 2 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Charles Kro pp . 
 10-Q 10.2 May 10, 2022 10.1 5 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 6, 20 22 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Jeff rey E m ery . 
 10.1 6 
 Separation and release Agreement, dated as of January 13 , 2023 by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA and Earnest Kremling. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 23.1 
 Consent of BDO USA, LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 133 

T able of Contents 

 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 134 

T able of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: /s/ Edward Goldberg Edward Goldberg Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Edward Goldberg Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 Edward Goldberg /s/ Charles Kropp Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 March 1, 2023 Charles Kropp /s/ W. Nicholas Howley Co-Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 W. Nicholas Howley /s/ William N. Thorndike, Jr. Co-Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 William N. Thorndike, Jr. /s/ Haitham Khouri Vice-Chairman and Director March 1, 2023 Haitham Khouri /s/ Vivek Raj Director March 1, 2023 Vivek Raj /s/ Tracy Britt Cool Director March 1, 2023 Tracy Britt Cool /s/ Bernt Iversen II Director March 1, 2023 Bernt Iversen II /s/ Sean Hennessy Director March 1, 2023 Sean Hennessy /s/ Robert S. Henderson Director March 1, 2023 Robert S. Henderson 
 135 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 
 Ordinary Shares 
 Share Capital 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA PSSA a public company limited by shares soci t anonyme was incorporated on June 21, 2021 by EverArc Holdings Limited EverArc ), with an initial share capital of 40,000, represented by 40,000 PSSA ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1.00 per share PSSA Ordinary Shares ). 
 PSSA s share capital is set at 4,100,000,000, divided into 4,000,000,000 PSSA Ordinary Shares and 10,000,000 PSSA preferred shares with a nominal value of 10.00 per share PSSA Preferred Shares ). A shareholder in a Luxembourg soci t anonyme holding fully paid up shares is not liable, solely because of his, her or its shareholder status, for additional payments to PSSA or its creditors. As of April 14, 2022, there were 163,234,542 PSSA Ordinary Shares outstanding and 10,000,000 PSSA Preferred Shares outstanding. 
 Share Issuances 
 Pursuant to Luxembourg law, the issuance of PSSA Ordinary Shares requires approval by the shareholders at the time of an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders to be held before a notary in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (subject to necessary quorum and majority requirements). The shareholders may approve an authorized capital and authorize the board of directors, for a period up to 5 years, to increase the share capital in one or several tranches with or without share premium, against payment in cash or in kind, by conversion of claims on PSSA or in any other manner for any reason whatsoever including (i) issue subscription and or conversion rights in relation to new shares or instruments within the limits of the authorized capital under the terms and conditions of warrants (which may be separate or linked to shares, bonds, notes or similar instruments issued by PSSA), convertible bonds, notes or similar instruments (ii) determine the place and date of the issue or successive issues, the issue price, the terms and conditions of the subscription of and paying up on the new shares and instruments and (iii) remove or limit the statutory preferential subscription right of the shareholders in case of issue against payment in cash or shares, warrants (which may be separate or attached to shares, bonds, notes or similar instruments), convertible bonds, notes or similar instruments up to the maximum amount of such authorized capital for a maximum period of five years after the date that the minutes of the relevant general meeting approving such authorization are published in the Luxembourg official gazette (Recueil Electronique des Soci t s , RESA ). The shareholders may amend, renew (each time for a period up to 5 years) or extend such authorized capital and such authorization to the board of directors to increase the share capital and issue ordinary shares. 
 In addition, the general meeting of shareholders may authorize the board of directors to make an allotment of existing or newly issued shares without consideration to (a) employees of PSSA or certain categories amongst those (b) employees of companies or economic interest grouping in which PSSA holds directly or indirectly at least ten per cent (10 of the share capital or voting rights (c) employees of companies or economic interest grouping which holds directly or indirectly at least ten per cent (10 of the share capital or voting rights of PSSA (d) employees of companies or economic interest grouping in which at least fifty per cent (50 of the share capital or voting rights is held directly or indirectly by a company which holds directly or indirectly at least fifty per cent (50 of the share capital of PSSA and (e) members of the corporate bodies of PSSA or of the companies or economic interest grouping listed in point (b) to (d) above or certain categories amongst those, for a maximum period of five years after the date that the minutes of the relevant general meeting approving such authorization are published in the Luxembourg RESA. 
 PSSA recognizes only one holder per ordinary share. In case an ordinary share is owned by several persons, they shall appoint a single representative who shall represent them in respect of PSSA. PSSA has the right to suspend the exercise of all rights attached to that share, except for relevant information rights, until such representative has been appointed. 

Upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by that certain Business Combination Agreement dated June 15, 2021 between PSSA, EverArc, SK Invictus Intermediate S. r.l., SK Invictus Holdings S. r.l., and verArc (BVI) Merger Sub Limited (the Business Combination ), the board of directors will resolve on the issuance of PSSA Ordinary Shares out of the authorized capital (capital autoris in accordance with applicable law. The board of directors also resolves on the applicable procedures and timelines to which such issuance will be subjected. If the proposal of the board of directors to issue new PSSA Ordinary Shares exceeds the limits of PSSA s authorized share capital, the board of directors must then convene the shareholders to an extraordinary general meeting to be held in front of a Luxembourg notary for the purpose of increasing the issued share capital. Such meeting will be subject to the quorum and majority requirements required for amending the articles of association. If the capital call proposed by the board of directors consists of an increase in the shareholders commitments, the board of directors must convene the shareholders to an extraordinary general meeting to be held in front of a Luxembourg notary for such purpose. Such meeting will be subject to the unanimous consent of the shareholders. 
 Preemptive Rights 
 Under Luxembourg law, existing shareholders benefit from a preemptive subscription right on the issuance of ordinary shares for cash consideration. However, PSSA s shareholders have, in accordance with Luxembourg law, authorized the board of directors to suppress, waive, or limit any preemptive subscription rights of shareholders provided by law to the extent that the board of directors deems such suppression, waiver, or limitation advisable for any issuance or issuances of ordinary shares within the scope of PSSA s authorized share capital. The general meeting of shareholders duly convened to consider an amendment to the articles of association also may, by two-thirds majority vote, limit, waive, or cancel such preemptive rights or renew, amend or extend them, in each case for a period not to exceed five years. Such ordinary shares may be issued above, at, or below market value, and, following a certain procedure, even below the nominal value or below the accounting par value per ordinary share. The ordinary shares also may be issued by way of incorporation of available reserves, including share premium. 
 Share Repurchases 
 PSSA cannot subscribe for its own ordinary shares. PSSA may, however, repurchase issued ordinary shares or have another person repurchase issued ordinary shares for its account, subject to the following conditions 
 prior authorization by a simple majority vote at an ordinary general meeting of shareholders, which authorization sets forth 
 the terms and conditions of the proposed repurchase and in particular the maximum number of ordinary shares to be repurchased 
 the duration of the period for which the authorization is given, which may not exceed five years 
 in the case of repurchase for consideration, the minimum and maximum consideration per share, provided that the prior authorization shall not apply in the case of ordinary shares acquired by either PSSA, or by a person acting in his or her own name on its behalf, for the distribution thereof to its staff or to the staff of a company with which it is in a control relationship 
 only fully paid-up ordinary shares may be repurchased and 
 the voting and dividend rights attached to the repurchased shares will be suspended as long as the repurchased ordinary shares are held by PSSA and the acquisition offer must be made on the same terms and conditions to all the shareholders who are in the same position, except for acquisitions which were unanimously decided by a general meeting at which all the shareholders were present or represented. In addition, listed companies may repurchase their own shares on the stock exchange without an acquisition offer having to be made to PSSA s shareholders. 
 The board of directors approved a proposal to submit to the shareholders of the Company a share repurchase program (the Share Repurchase Program whereby the board of directors is empowered to purchase outstanding PSSA Ordinary Shares within certain limits. The Share Repurchase Program shall be subject to Luxembourg law and provide for equal treatment for shareholders. The term of authorization to the board of directors will be five (5) years. The maximum number of PSSA Ordinary Shares authorized to be repurchased will be up to twenty-five percent (25 of PSSA Ordinary Shares outstanding as of the date of shareholder approval. PSSA Ordinary Shares 

are eligible for purchase at a minimum price of one dollar 1.00) per share and a maximum price of one hundred dollars 100.00) per share. The purchase volumes will be subject to daily volume restrictions per SEC regulations. 
 In addition, pursuant to Luxembourg law, PSSA may directly or indirectly repurchase ordinary shares by resolution of its board of directors without the prior approval of the general meeting of shareholders if such repurchase is deemed by the board of directors to be necessary to prevent serious and imminent harm to PSSA, or if the acquisition of ordinary shares has been made with the intent of distribution to its employees and or the employees of any entity having a controlling relationship with it (i.e., its subsidiaries or controlling shareholder) or in any of the circumstances listed in article 430-16 of the 1915 Law. 
 Preferred Shares 
 As long as the PSSA Preferred Shares are in issue and outstanding, no shares ranking pari passu or senior to the PSSA Preferred Shares shall be issued by PSSA, other than additional PSSA Preferred Shares or other equity securities interest issued with the consent of a majority of holders of the PSSA Preferred Shares. 
 Each PSSA Preferred Share is entitled to a Preferential Dividend amounting to the applicable Regular Dividend Rate of its nominal value (i.e. 10.00 per share). The Preferential Dividend shall be paid each year within 3 business days following each Preferential Dividend Payment Date. On each Preferential Dividend Payment Date, 40 of the Preferential Dividend for such year (or 50 of the Preferential Dividend for such year if PSSA paid a dividend on the PSSA Ordinary Shares during period since the payment of the last Preferential Dividend Payment Date) shall be paid in cash and the remainder of the Preferential Dividend shall be paid in kind, unless PSSA elects to pay any additional portion of the Preferential Dividend in cash provided, that, (x) PSSA shall not be required to pay any portion of such annual Preferential Dividends in cash on a Preferential Dividend Payment Date to the extent that PSSA or its subsidiaries are prohibited from paying such portion of the annual Preferential Dividend in cash under either (i) the Senior Credit Agreement or (ii) the Bridge Loan Secured Notes, and (y) in the event that PSSA or its subsidiaries are so prohibited from paying all or a portion of such Preferential Dividends in cash as described in the foregoing clause (x), PSSA shall pay the maximum amount not prohibited by the Senior Credit Agreement or the Bridge Loan Secured Notes in cash. If PSSA fails to pay any portion of the cash portion of the Preferential Dividend for any reason in a given year by the Preferential Dividend Payment Date (including due to clause (x) of the immediately preceding sentence), then (i) the Preferential Dividend rate for such year (i.e. the year in which PSSA fails to pay any portion of the cash portion of the Preferential Dividend Payment), but not necessarily the subsequent year, will increase to the Increased Dividend Rate and (ii) the Preferential Dividend Rate for the following year will be reset at the Regular Dividend Rate and will be subject to increase to the Increased Dividend Rate for such year (but not necessarily the subsequent year) if PSSA fails to pay any portion of the cash portion of the Preferential Dividend Payment by the Preferential Dividend Payment Date for such year. 
 PSSA may redeem the PSSA Preferred Shares at any time prior to the earliest of (i) six months following the latest maturity date of the Senior Credit Agreement and Bridge Loan Secured Notes, (ii) nine years after the date of issuance of the PSSA Preferred Shares or (iii) upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined in PSSA s articles of association) (the Defined Maturity Date at PSSA s sole option. The redemption price per share would be equal to the nominal value of the PSSA Preferred Shares plus any accrued and unpaid Preferential Dividend, if any. If PSSA fails to redeem the PSSA Preferred Shares at the Defined Maturity Date, the Preferential Dividend rate will permanently increase to the interest rate currently being paid (whether default or not) under the Senior Credit Agreement plus 10 . 
 As long as PSSA Preferred Shares are issued and outstanding, PSSA and its subsidiaries shall not (a) enter into a credit agreement (except to the extent related to the issuance of senior secured notes as contemplated by the Bridge Loan Secured Notes) or (b) amend the Senior Credit Agreement, in each case, in a manner that would adversely affect the redemption rights of the PSSA Preferred Shares by extending the maturity date under such credit facility beyond the defined maturity date or increase the restrictions on PSSA s ability to pay the cash portion of Preferential Dividends without the consent of holders owning a majority of the PSSA Preferred Shares. If, in any year, PSSA fails to make any portion of the cash portion of any Preferential Dividend by the Preferential Dividend Payment Date, then, during the following year, PSSA may not, without the consent of the holders of a majority of the outstanding PSSA Preferred Shares, pay a cash dividend on the PSSA Ordinary Shares until such time as PSSA has 

paid the cash portion of the Preferential Dividend Payment for such following year (which cash portion of the Preferential Dividend Payment may be paid by PSSA in advance of the Preferential Dividend Payment Date for, and at any time during, such following year) for the avoidance of doubt, the restrictions set forth in this sentence shall not apply to any non-pro rata purchase, repurchase or redemption of any equity securities of PSSA or any of its subsidiaries. As long as PSSA Preferred Shares are issued and outstanding, during the occurrence and continuance of a default by PSSA to pay any Preferential Dividend (for the avoidance of doubt, the payment of any cash portion of the Preferential Dividend in kind in accordance with the terms of PSSA s articles of association shall not constitute a default by PSSA), the approval of holders owning a majority of the outstanding PSSA Preferred Shares shall be required (i) for the declaration of dividends to the benefit of all other categories of PSSA shares issued and outstanding and (ii) for the purchase, repurchase or redemption of any equity securities of PSSA or any of its subsidiaries (other than pursuant to equity incentive agreements with employees). 
 PSSA Preferred Shares are not entitled to vote, save for the matters provided for by Luxembourg law, including any amendment, alteration or change to the rights attached to the PSSA Preferred Shares in a manner adverse to the PSSA Preferred Shares for which the consent of holders owning a majority of the PSSA Preferred Shares will be required. 
 PSSA Preferred Shares, being non-voting shares, shall not be included for the calculation of the quorum and majority at each general meeting of PSSA, save for the matters provided for by Luxembourg law and in the relevant provisions of the articles of association of PSSA. 
 In case of liquidation of PSSA, after payment of all the debts of and charges against PSSA and of the expenses of liquidation, the holders of PSSA Preferred Shares, if any, shall be entitled to a preferential right to repayment of the nominal value of the PSSA Preferred Shares plus any accrued but unpaid Preferential Dividends before repayment of the nominal value of the PSSA Ordinary Shares. 
 The rights attached to the PSSA Preferred Shares under PSSA s articles of association shall not be amended in a manner adverse to the PSSA Preferred Shares without the consent of holders owning a majority of the PSSA Preferred Shares. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each PSSA Ordinary Share entitles the holder thereof to one vote. Neither Luxembourg law nor PSSA s articles of association contain any restrictions as to the voting of PSSA Ordinary Shares by non-Luxembourg residents. The 1915 Law distinguishes general meetings of shareholders and extraordinary general meetings of shareholders with respect to quorum and majority requirements. 
 Meetings 
 Ordinary General Meeting 
 At an ordinary general meeting, there is no quorum requirement and resolutions are adopted by a simple majority of validly cast votes. Abstentions are not considered votes. 
 Extraordinary General Meeting 
 Extraordinary resolutions are required for any of the following matters, among others (i) an increase or decrease of the authorized or issued capital, (ii) a limitation or exclusion of preemptive rights, (iii) approval of a statutory merger or de-merger (scission), (iv) PSSA s dissolution and liquidation opening, (v) any and all amendments to PSSA s articles of association and (vi) change of nationality. Pursuant to PSSA s articles of association, for any resolutions to be considered at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, the quorum shall be at least one half of PSSA s issued share capital unless otherwise mandatorily required by law. If the said quorum is not present, a second meeting may be convened, for which the 1915 Law does not prescribe a quorum. Any extraordinary resolution shall be adopted at a quorate general meeting, except otherwise provided by law, by at least a two-thirds majority of the votes validly cast on such resolution by shareholders. Abstentions are not considered votes. 

Annual Shareholders Meetings 
 An annual general meeting of shareholders shall be held in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg within six months of the end of the preceding financial year, except for the first annual general meeting of shareholders which may be held within 18 months from incorporation. 
 Warrants 
 In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, PSSA entered into the PSSA Warrant Instrument with Computershare Inc., as warrant agent (the Warrant Agent to, among other things, assume EverArc s obligations under the existing EverArc Warrant Instrument. Pursuant to the PSSA Warrant Instrument, PSSA assumed, and agreed to pay, perform, satisfy and discharge in full, all of EverArc s liabilities and obligations under the EverArc Warrant Instrument arising from and after the Merger Effective Time. 
 Each PSSA Warrant is exercisable in multiples of four to purchase one whole PSSA Ordinary Share. The exercise price is 12.00 per PSSA Ordinary Share, subject to adjustment as described in the PSSA Warrant Instrument. A PSSA Warrant may be exercised at any time prior to 5 00 p.m., New York time on the earlier to occur of (x) the date that is three (3) years after the date on which the Business Combination is completed or (y) such earlier date as determined by the PSSA Warrant Instrument provided that if such day is not a trading day, the trading day immediately following such day, unless earlier redeemed in accordance with the terms of the PSSA Warrant Instrument as described below. 
 Redemptions of Warrants 
 Pursuant to the PSSA Warrant Instrument, the PSSA Warrants may be redeemed (i) in whole and not in part, (ii) at a price of 0.01 per warrant, (iii) upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder, and (iv) if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the PSSA Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share for any 10 consecutive trading days. 
 Dividends 
 From the annual net profits of PSSA, at least 5 shall each year be allocated to the reserve required by applicable laws (the Legal Reserve ). That allocation to the Legal Reserve will cease to be required as soon and as long as the Legal Reserve amounts to 10 of the amount of the share capital of PSSA. The general meeting of shareholders shall resolve how the remainder of the annual net profits, after allocation to the Legal Reserve, will be disposed of by allocating the whole or part of the remainder to a reserve or to a provision, by carrying it forward to the next following financial year or by distributing it, together with carried forward profits, distributable reserves or share premium to the shareholders, each PSSA Ordinary Share entitling to the same proportion in such distributions. 
 The board of directors may resolve that PSSA pays out an interim dividend to the shareholders, subject to the conditions of article 461-3 of the 1915 Law and PSSA s articles of association, which includes, inter alia, a supervisory statutory auditor report (as applicable). The board of directors shall set the amount and the date of payment of the interim dividend. 
 Any share premium, assimilated premium or other distributable reserve may be freely distributed to the shareholders subject to the provisions of the 1915 Law and PSSA s articles of association. In case of a dividend payment, each shareholder is entitled to receive a dividend right pro rata according to his, her or its respective shareholding. The dividend entitlement lapses upon the expiration of a five-year prescription period from the date of the dividend distribution. The unclaimed dividends return to PSSA s accounts. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 PSSA s articles of association provide that unless PSSA consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ). The Securities Act forum provision is not intended by PSSA to limit the forum available to its shareholders for actions or proceedings asserting claims arising under the Exchange Act. The validity and enforceability of such exclusive 

forum clause cannot be confirmed under Luxembourg law. If a court were to find the exclusive forum clause to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, PSSA may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm its business, operating results and financial condition. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 exhibit1015.htm
 EX-10.15

Document 

Exhibit 10.15 
 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT, signed as of April 29, 2022 and effective as of May 6, 2022 (this Agreement is made by and between Perimeter Solutions, SA, a public company limited by shares duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 12E, rue Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Soci t s, Luxembourg (Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register) under number B 256.548 (the Parent ), Perimeter Solutions LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), and Jeffrey Emery (the Executive ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services and employment of the Executive, and the Executive desires to provide his or her services to and be employed by the Company, in each case subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Certain Definitions . 
 (a) Affiliates shall mean any entity, individual, firm, or corporation, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling, controlled by, or under common control with the Company. 
 (b) Annual Base Salary shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 
 (c) Board shall mean the Board of Directors of the Parent. 
 (d) Business shall mean the business of serving as a global solutions provider for the fire safety and oil additives industries and any other business or operations conducted and operated by the Company and or any of its Affiliates during the Term. 
 (e) Cause shall mean either of the following (i) the repeated failure by the Executive, after written notice from the Board, substantially to perform his or her material duties and responsibilities as an officer or employee or director of the Company or any of its Affiliates, as applicable (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to reasonably documented physical or mental illness), or (ii) any willful misconduct by the Executive that has the effect of materially injuring the Business, including, without limitation, the disclosure of material secret or confidential information of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 (f) COBRA shall mean the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as may be amended from time to time. 
 (g) Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a Section of the Code includes all rulings, regulations, notices, announcements, decisions, orders and other pronouncements that are issued by the United States Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, or any court of competent jurisdiction that are lawful and pertinent to the interpretation, application or effectiveness of such Section. 
 (h) Company shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 

(i) Compensation Committee shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board whose members shall be appointed by the Board from time to time. 
 (j) Competitor shall mean any corporation, partnership, firm, proprietorship or other business organization that engages in any Competitive Activity. 
 (k) Competitive Activities shall mean any activity or service that competes with the Business provided that it shall not include the passive ownership of securities of entities which are listed on a national securities exchange or traded in the national over-the-counter market in an amount which shall not exceed two percent (2 of the outstanding shares of any such entity. 
 (l) Date of Termination shall mean (i) if the Executive s employment is terminated by reason of his or her death, the date of his or her death, and (ii) if the Executive s employment is terminated pursuant to Sections 5(a)(ii) - (vi), the date specified in the Notice of Termination. 
 (m) Disability shall mean the Executive s absence from employment with the Company due to (i) his or her inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which, with a very high degree of medical certainty, can be expected to result in death or to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months or (ii) such medically determinable physical or mental impairment, which, with a high degree of medical certainty, can be expected to result in death or to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve months, and for which the Executive is receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three months under an accident and health plan covering the Company s employees. 
 (n) Effective Date shall mean the date of this Agreement. 
 (o) Equity Compensation Agreements shall mean any written agreements between the Parent and the Executive pursuant to which the Executive holds or is granted any equity incentive awards, including, without limitation, agreements evidencing options granted under any equity incentive plan adopted or maintained by the Parent for Company employees generally, and any management deferred compensation or similar plans of the Parent. 
 (p) Exchange Act shall mean the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 (q) Executive shall have the meaning set forth in the preamble hereto. 
 (r) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following (i) a material diminution in the Executive s title, duties or responsibilities without Cause and without his or her prior written consent, (ii) a reduction of the Executive s base salary or target annual bonus opportunity or a reduction in other benefits or perquisites that is material in the aggregate (except where such reduction is in connection with a diminution in role for Cause), without his or her prior written consent, (iv) any relocation of more than forty (40) miles of Executive s primary work place as of the Effective Date without his or her prior written consent, or (iv) any material breach of (x) this Agreement by the Company, or (y) the Equity Compensation Agreements by the Parent. 
 (s) Notice of Termination shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5(b). 
 (t) Payment Period shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b). 
 (u) Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a group as defined in Section 13(d) thereof. 

(v) Restricted Territory shall mean anywhere in the world where the Company (directly or indirectly through any of its Affiliates) conducts its Business during the Term. 
 (w) Specified Employee shall have the meaning set forth in Code Section 409A. 
 (x) Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 
 
 2. Employment . The Company shall employ the Executive, for the period set forth in this Section 2, in the position(s) set forth in Section 3 and upon the other terms and conditions herein provided. The term of employment under this Agreement (the Term shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated pursuant to Section 5. 
 3. Position and Duties . During the Term, the Executive shall serve as President Global Fire Safety of the Company and any reasonably corresponding officer position of the Parent to the extent appointed by the Board, in each case with such customary responsibilities, duties and authority as may from time to time be assigned to the Executive by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board or the board of directors of the Company. During the Term, the Executive shall devote substantially all his or her working time and efforts to the business and affairs of the Company and its Affiliates provided, that it shall not be considered a violation of the foregoing for the Executive to (i) with the prior consent of the Board (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld), serve on corporate, industry, civic or charitable boards or committees, and (ii) manage his or her personal investments, so long as none of such activities significantly interferes with the Executive s duties hereunder. 
 4. Compensation and Related Matters . 
 (a) Annual Base Salary . During the Term (commencing as of the first pay period following the Effective Date), the Executive shall receive a base salary at a rate of 315,000 per annum, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, which shall be reviewed by the Compensation Committee annually and may be increased, but not decreased, upon such review (the Annual Base Salary ). 
 (b) Bonus . For each fiscal year during the Term, the Executive shall be eligible to participate in any annual cash bonus plan of the Company or Parent, as applicable, in effect from time to time. The Executive s target bonus for fiscal year 2022 and thereafter will be 50 of the Executive s Annual Base Salary and may be pro rated based on time in position. 
 (c) Long Term Incentive Compensation . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan or any other equity incentive plan adopted by the Parent. 
 (d) Benefits . During the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in the other employee benefit plans, programs and arrangements of the Company or Parent, as applicable, now (or, to the extent determined by the Board or Compensation Committee, hereafter) in effect which are applicable to the senior officers of the Company or Parent generally, as applicable, subject to and on a basis consistent with the terms, conditions and overall administration thereof (including the right of the Company or Parent to amend, modify or terminate such plans). 
 (e) Expenses . Pursuant to any customary policies of the Company in force at the time of payment, the Executive shall be reimbursed for all expenses properly incurred by the Executive on the Company s behalf in the performance of the Executive s duties hereunder. 
 (f) Vacation . The Executive shall be entitled to an amount of annual vacation days, and to compensation in respect of earned but unused vacation days, in an amount not less than twenty (20) 

days (not including paid holidays) or such higher amount in accordance with the Company s vacation policy as in effect from time to time applicable to senior officers of the Company or Parent generally. 
 5. Termination . 
 (a) The Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Company or the Executive, as applicable, without any breach of this Agreement only under the following circumstances and in accordance with subsection (b) 
 (i) Death . The Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate upon his or her death. 
 (ii) Disability . If the Company determines in good faith that the Executive has incurred a Disability, the Company may give the Executive written notice of its intention to terminate the Executive s employment. In such event, the Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate effective on the 30th day after receipt of such notice by the Executive, provided that within such 30-day period the Executive shall not have returned to full-time performance of his or her duties. The Executive shall continue to receive his or her Annual Base Salary until the 90th day following the date of the Notice of Termination. 
 (iii) Termination for Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder for Cause. 
 (iv) Resignation for Good Reason . The Executive may terminate his or her employment hereunder for Good Reason. 
 (v) Termination without Cause . The Company may terminate the Executive s employment hereunder without Cause. 
 (vi) Resignation without Good Reason . The Executive may resign his or her employment hereunder without Good Reason. 
 (b) Notice of Termination . Any termination of the Executive s employment by the Company or by the Executive under this Section 5 (other than termination pursuant to subsection (a)(i)) shall be communicated by a written notice from the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or the Executive to the other indicating the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon (and, in the case of Resignation for Good Reason, setting forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive s employment under Section 5(a)(iv)), and specifying a Date of Termination which, in the case of Resignation for Good Reason or Resignation without Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv) or 5(a)(vi), respectively, shall be at least 90 days following the date of such notice (a Notice of Termination ). In the event of the Executive s Resignation for Good Reason pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv), the Company shall have the right, if the basis for such Good Reason is curable, to cure the same within 30 days following the receipt of the Notice of Termination, and Good Reason shall not be deemed to exist if the Company cures the event giving rise to Good Reason within such 30 day period. The Executive shall continue to receive his or her Annual Base Salary, annual bonus and all other compensation and perquisites referenced in Section 4 through the Date of Termination. 
 6. Severance Payments . 
 (a) Termination for any Reason . In the event the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated for any reason, the Company shall pay the Executive (or his or her beneficiary in the event of his or her death) any unpaid Annual Base Salary that has accrued as of the Date of 

Termination, any unreimbursed expenses due to the Executive in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy and an amount equal to compensation for accrued but unused sick days and vacation days. The Company shall permit the Executive to elect to continue health plan coverage in accordance with the requirements of applicable law (e.g., COBRA coverage), at the applicable monthly cost charged for such coverage (the Monthly COBRA Coverage Continuation Rate ). The Company may require the Executive to complete and file any election forms that are generally required of other employees to obtain COBRA coverage and the Executive s COBRA coverage may be terminable in accordance with applicable law. The Executive shall also be entitled to accrued, vested benefits under the Company s benefit plans and programs as provided therein. The Executive shall be entitled to the additional payments and benefits described below only as set forth herein. 
 (b) Termination without Cause, Resignation for Good Reason or Termination by Reason of Death or Disability . Subject to Sections 6(c) and (d) and the restrictions contained herein, in the event of the Executive s Termination without Cause (pursuant to Section 5(a)(v)), Resignation for Good Reason (pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv)) or termination by reason of death or Disability (pursuant to Section 5(a)(i) or (ii), respectively), the Company shall pay to the Executive the amounts described in subsection (a). In addition, subject to Sections 6(c) and (d) and the restrictions contained herein, and in the case of Termination without Cause (pursuant to Section 5(a)(v)), Resignation for Good Reason (pursuant to Section 5(a)(iv)) or Disability (pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii)), subject to the Executive s execution and non- revocation of a release in in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release no later than thirty (30) days following the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay to the Executive (or his or her beneficiary in the event of his or her death) an amount equal to the Severance Amount described below. For purposes of this Agreement the Severance Amount is equal to the sum of 
 (i) 1.25 times the Executive s Annual Base Salary, 
 (ii) 1.0 times the Executive s target bonus for the fiscal year in which the Date of Termination falls, determined in accordance with Section 4(b) and 
 (iii) 15.0 times the difference of (A) the Monthly COBRA Continuation Coverage Rate determined as of the Date of Termination for the Executive s applicable health and welfare plan coverages as in effect on such date, less (B) the monthly cost to Executive that is being charged for such coverage as of the Date of Termination. 
 The Severance Amount as so determined shall be payable to the Executive (or his or her beneficiary) in substantially equal installments over the 18-month period following the Date of Termination (the Payment Period commencing no later than thirty (30) days following the execution and non-revocation of the Release, in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. The first installment payment shall include all amounts that would have otherwise been paid to the Executive during the period beginning on the Date of Termination and ending on the first installment payment date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the end of the thirty (30) day notice and revocation period for the Release would result in the first installment payment occurring in the taxable year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs, the first installment payment shall be made in the taxable year following the year in which the Date of Termination occurs. 
 (c) Benefits Provided Upon Termination of Employment . If the Executive s termination or resignation does not constitute a separation from service, as such term is defined under Code Section 409A, the Executive shall nevertheless be entitled to receive all of the payments and benefits that the Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement on account of his or her termination of 

employment. However, the payments and benefits that the Executive is entitled to under this Agreement shall not be provided to the Executive until such time as the Executive has incurred a separation from services within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 (d) Payments on Account of Termination to a Specified Employee . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Sections 6(a) or 6(b), in the event that the Executive is determined to be a Specified Employee at the time of his or her termination of employment under this Agreement (or, if later, his or her separation from service under Code Section 409A), to the extent that a payment, reimbursement or benefit under Section 6(b) is considered to provide for a deferral of compensation (as determined under Code Section 409A), then such payment, reimbursement or benefit shall not be paid or provided until six months after the Executive s separation from service, or his or her death, whichever occurs first. Any payments, reimbursements or benefits that are withheld under this provision for the first six months shall be payable in a lump sum on the 181st day after such termination of employment (or, if later, separation from service). The restrictions in this Section 6(d) shall be interpreted and applied solely to the minimum extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B). Accordingly, payments, benefits or reimbursements under Section 6(b) or any other part of this Agreement may nevertheless be provided to Executive with the six-month period following the date of Executive s termination of employment under this Agreement (or, if later, his or her separation from service under Code Section 409A), to the extent that it would nevertheless be permissible to do so under Code Section 409A because those payments, reimbursements or benefits are (i) described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) (i.e., payments within the limitations therein that are being made on account of an involuntary termination or termination for good reason, within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations), or (ii) described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) (i.e., payments which are treated as short-term deferrals within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations), or (iii) benefits described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(v) (e.g. health care benefits). 
 (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company or its affiliates to the Executive or for the Executive's benefit pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise Covered Payments constitute parachute payments Parachute Payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code and would, but for this Section 6(e) be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), then prior to making the Covered Payments, a calculation shall be made comparing (i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to the Executive of the Covered Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (ii) the Net Benefit to the Executive if the Covered Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (i) above is less than the amount under (ii) above will the Covered Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount ). Net Benefit shall mean the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal, state, local, foreign income, employment and excise taxes. Any such reduction shall be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and the following (x) the Covered Payments which do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced first and (y) all other Covered Payments shall then be reduced as follows (A) cash payments shall be reduced before non-cash payments and (B) payments to be made on a later payment date shall be reduced before payments to be made on an earlier payment date. Any determination required under this Section 6(e), including whether any payments or benefits are Parachute Payments, shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information and documents as the Company may reasonably 

request in order to make a determination under this Section 6(e). The Company's determination shall be final and binding on the Executive. 
 7. Competition Non-solicitation . 
 (a) During the Term and, following any termination of Executive s employment, for a period equal to (i) the Payment Period, in the case of a termination of employment for which payments are made pursuant to Section 6(b) hereof, or (ii) 24 months from the date of such termination in the event of a voluntary termination of employment by the Executive without Good Reason, or a termination by the Company for Cause, the Executive shall not, and shall cause each of his or her affiliates not to, anywhere in the Restricted Territory, directly or indirectly engage in any Competitive Activities. The Executive acknowledges that the Company and or its Affiliates conducted its Business throughout the Restricted Territory and the Executive provided services to the Company and or its Affiliates throughout the Restricted Territory. The Executive shall be deemed to be engaged in Competitive Activities if such Restricted Party or any of his or her affiliates (i) serves as a shareholder, owner, officer, director, member, manager, trustee or partner of, or consults with, advises or assists in any way, whether or not for consideration, any Competitor or (ii) endorses the services of any Competitor, solicits customers, provides or otherwise serves as an intermediary for any such Competitor or loans money or renders any other form of financial assistance to any such Competitor. 
 (b) During the Term and for a period of two (2) years following any termination of the Executive s employment, the Executive shall not, and shall cause each of his or her affiliates not to, directly or indirectly (i) solicit or transact any business with, or assist any third party in soliciting or transacting any business with, any Persons who are, or were in the past twelve (12) months, customers or suppliers of the Business (ii) cause any customers or suppliers referred to in clause (i) to cease doing business with or to terminate its business relationship with the Company or any of its Affiliates or (iii) solicit for employment or hire any employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates, unless such employee s employment has been terminated by the Parent or any of its affiliates, as the case may be, at least six (6) months before any such solicitation or hiring. 
 (c) In the event a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the provisions in this Section 7 are excessively broad as to duration, geographical scope or activity, it is expressly agreed that this Section 7 shall be construed so that the remaining provisions shall not be affected, but shall remain in full force and effect, and any such overbroad provisions shall be deemed, without further action on the part of any Person, to be modified, amended and or limited, but only to the extent necessary to render the same valid. 
 8. Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information . 
 (a) Except as required in the faithful performance of the Executive s duties hereunder or pursuant to subsection (c), the Executive shall, in perpetuity, maintain in confidence and shall not directly, indirectly or otherwise, use, disseminate, disclose or publish, or use for his or her benefit or the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or other entity any confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets of or relating to the Company and its Affiliates, including, without limitation, information with respect to their operations, processes, products, inventions, business practices, finances, principals, vendors, suppliers, customers, potential customers, marketing methods, costs, prices, contractual relationships, regulatory status, compensation paid to employees or other terms of employment, except for such information which is or becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach by the Executive of this Section 8, or deliver to any person, firm, corporation or other entity any document, record, notebook, computer program or similar repository of or containing any such confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets. The parties hereby 

stipulate and agree that as between them the foregoing matters are important, material and confidential proprietary information and trade secrets and affect the successful conduct of the businesses of the Company and its Affiliates (and any of their successors or assignees). 
 (b) Upon termination of the Executive s employment with the Company for any reason, the Executive shall promptly deliver to the Company all correspondence, drawings, manuals, letters, notes, notebooks, reports, programs, plans, proposals, financial documents, or any other documents concerning the customers, business plans, marketing strategies, products or processes of the Company and any of its Affiliates and or which contain proprietary information or trade secrets. 
 (c) The Executive may respond to a lawful and valid subpoena or other legal process but shall give the Company the earliest possible notice thereof, shall, as much in advance of the return date as possible, make available to the Company and its counsel the documents and other information sought and shall assist such counsel in resisting or otherwise responding to such process. 
 9. Injunctive Relief . It is recognized and acknowledged by the Executive that a breach of the covenants contained in Sections 7 and 8 may cause irreparable damage to the Company and its goodwill, the exact amount of which will be difficult or impossible to ascertain, and that the remedies at law for any such breach will be inadequate. Accordingly, the Executive agrees that in the event of a breach of any of the covenants contained in Sections 7 and 8, in addition to any other remedy which may be available at law or in equity, the Company shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive relief. 
 10. Whistleblower Protection . 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties or any policy of the Company or any of its Affiliates shall prohibit or restrict any party or their respective attorneys from (i) making any disclosure of relevant and necessary information or documents in any action, investigation, or proceeding relating to this Agreement, or as required by law or legal process, including with respect to possible violations of law (ii) participating, cooperating or testifying in any action, investigation or proceeding with, or providing information to, any governmental agency or legislative body, any self- regulatory organization, and or pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act or (iii) accepting any U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission awards. In addition, nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement among the parties or any policy of the Company or any of its Affiliates prohibits or restricts the any such party from initiating communications with, or responding to any inquiry from, any regulatory or supervisory authority regarding any good faith concerns about possible violations of law or regulation. 
 (b) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1833(b), the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret of the Company or its Affiliates that (i) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to the Executive s attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding. If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the trade secret to the Executive s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the Executive files any document containing the trade secret under seal, and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement between the parties or any policy of the Company or any of its Affiliates is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such section. 

11. Survival . The expiration or termination of the Term shall not impair the rights or obligations of any party hereto which shall have accrued hereunder prior to such expiration. 
 12. Binding on Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Parent, the Executive and their respective successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of any change of control, all terms of this Agreement shall remain binding upon the successor and the Executive, with the exception of any amendments agreed upon in writing by the Executive and the Chief Executive Officer. 
 13. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of Delaware. 
 14. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 15. Notices . Any notice, request, claim, demand, document or other communication hereunder to any party shall be effective upon receipt (or refusal of receipt) and shall be in writing and delivered personally or sent by telex, telecopy, or certified or registered mail, postage prepaid, as follows 
 (a) If to the Company or Parent, to 
 Perimeter Solutions LP 
 8000 Maryland Ave, Suite 350, Clayton, MO 63105 
 Attn General Counsel 
 Noriko.Yokozuka perimeter-solutions.com 
 (b) If to the Executive, to him or her at the address set forth below under his or her signature or at any other address as any party shall have specified by notice in writing to the other party in accordance with this Section 14. 
 16. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The signatures to this Agreement need not all be on a single copy of this Agreement, and may be electronic signatures (e.g., DocuSign) or copies on portable document format (.pdf) rather than originals, and in each case shall be fully effective as though all signatures were originals on the same copy. 
 17. Entire Agreement Prior Employment Agreement . The terms of this Agreement, together with the Equity Compensation Agreements, are intended by the parties to be the final expression of their agreement with respect to the employment of the Executive by the Company and may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior or contemporaneous agreement. The parties further intend that this Agreement, and the aforementioned contemporaneous documents, shall constitute the complete and exclusive statement of its terms and that no extrinsic evidence whatsoever may be introduced in any judicial, administrative, or other legal proceeding to vary the terms of this Agreement. 
 18. Amendments Waivers . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the Executive and the Chief Executive Officer. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, the Executive or the Company or Parent may waive compliance by the other party or parties with any provision of this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated to comply with or perform provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy or 

power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy or power provided herein or by law or in equity. 
 19. No Inconsistent Actions . The parties hereto shall not voluntarily undertake or fail to undertake any action or course of action inconsistent with the provisions or essential intent of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is the intent of the parties hereto to act in a fair and reasonable manner with respect to the interpretation and application of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 20. Arbitration . Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, any dispute arising out of, relating to, or having any connection with, this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination, and any tort or other extra-contractual or statutory claims arising out of or relating to its negotiation, execution or performance, shall be exclusively and finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the ICC Rules by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules provided, however, that nothing in this Section 20 shall prohibit (i) a party from instituting litigation to enforce any final award in any court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) the Company from seeking a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any continuation of any violation of the provisions of Section 7 or 8 of this Agreement and the Executive hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of the Company s posting any bond. The seat of the arbitration shall be in St. Louis, Missouri. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The parties undertake to carry out any award of the tribunal without delay, and waive their right to refer any question of law and any right of appeal on the law or merits to a court of law or other judicial authority, insofar as such waiver may be validly made. The parties agree that an arbitral tribunal appointed under this Agreement may exercise jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement and any amendments or exhibits or schedules hereto (except as otherwise expressly provided therein), and that any disputes involving more than one of such agreements, exhibits or schedules shall proceed as a consolidated arbitration in accordance with Article 10 of the ICC Rules. The arbitrator selected pursuant to this Section 20 shall award to the prevailing party, if any, the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration and, if the arbitrator determines a party to be the prevailing party under circumstances where the prevailing party won on some but not all of the claims and counterclaims, the arbitrator may award the prevailing party an appropriate percentage of the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration and the enforcement of its rights under this Agreement. 
 21. Indemnification and Insurance Legal Expenses . During the Term and so long as the Executive has not breached any of his or her obligations set forth in Sections 7 and 8, the Company and Parent shall indemnify the Executive to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Delaware and Luxembourg, respectively, as in effect at the time of the subject act or omission, and shall advance to the Executive reasonable attorneys fees and expenses as such fees and expenses are incurred (subject to an undertaking from the Executive to repay such advances if it shall be finally determined by a judicial decision which is not subject to further appeal that the Executive was not entitled to the reimbursement of such fees and expenses) and Executive shall be entitled to the protection of any insurance policies the Company and or Parent shall maintain generally for the benefit of their respective directors and officers Directors and Officers Insurance against all costs, charges and expenses incurred or sustained by Executive in connection with any action, suit or proceeding to which Executive may be made a party by reason of his or her being or having been a director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or his or her serving or having served any other enterprise as a director, officer or employee at the request of the Company (other than any dispute, claim or controversy arising under or relating to this Agreement). The Company and or Parent will maintain during the Term for the benefit of the Executive (in his or her capacity as an officer and or director of the Company and Parent, as applicable) Directors and Officers Insurance providing customary benefits to the Executive. 

(SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS) 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 
 
 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS S.A. By s Edward Goldberg Name Edward Goldberg Title Chief Executive Officer and Director PERIMETER SOLUTIONS LP By s Nori Yokozuka 
 Name Nori Yokozuka Title General Counsel EXECUTIVE By s Jeffrey Emery Name Jeffery Emery 

Exhibit A 
 Form of Release 
 
 GENERAL RELEASE 
 
 I, , in consideration of and subject to the performance by Perimeter Solutions LP, a Delaware limited partnership (together with its subsidiaries, the Company ), of its obligations under the Employment Agreement dated as of , 2022 (the Agreement ), do hereby release and forever discharge as of the date hereof the Company, Perimeter Solutions, SA, a public company limited by shares duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Parent ), and their respective affiliates and all present, former and future managers, directors, officers, employees, successors and assigns of the Company, Parent and their respective affiliates and direct or indirect owners (collectively, the Released Parties to the extent provided below (this General Release ). The Released Parties are intended to be third-party beneficiaries of this General Release, and this General Release may be enforced by each of them in accordance with the terms hereof in respect of the rights granted to such Released Parties hereunder. Terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
 Section 1. My employment or service with the Company and its affiliates terminated as of 
 , and I hereby resign from any position as an officer, member of the board of managers or directors (as applicable) or fiduciary of the Company, Parent or their affiliates (or reaffirm any such resignation that may have already occurred). I understand that any payments or benefits paid or granted to me under Section 6 of the Agreement (other than the accrued obligations described in Section 6(a) (the Accrued Obligations )) represent, in part, consideration for signing this General Release and are not salary, wages or benefits to which I was already entitled. I understand and agree that I will not receive certain of the payments and benefits specified in Section 6 of the Agreement (other than the Accrued Obligations) unless I execute this General Release and do not revoke this General Release within the time period permitted hereafter. Such payments and benefits will not be considered compensation for purposes of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained or hereafter established by the Company or its affiliates. 
 Section 2. Except as provided in Sections 4 and 5 below and except for the provisions of the Agreement which expressly survive the termination of my employment with the Company, I knowingly and voluntarily (for myself, my heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) release and forever discharge the Company and the other Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, controversies, actions, causes of action, cross-claims, counter-claims, demands, debts, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive or exemplary damages, other damages, claims for costs and attorneys fees, or liabilities of any nature whatsoever in law and in equity, both past and present (through the date that this General Release becomes effective and enforceable) and whether known or unknown, suspected, or claimed against the Company or any of the Released Parties which I, my spouse, or any of my heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, may have, which arise out of or are connected with my employment with or service for, or my separation or termination from, the Company, Parent or their affiliates (including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation, arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 any applicable Executive Order Programs the Fair Labor Standards Act or their state or local counterparts or under any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other local, state, or federal law, regulation or ordinance or under any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company, Parent or their affiliates or any claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, infliction of emotional distress, defamation or any claim for costs, fees, or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Claims ). 
 Section 3. I represent that I have made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of action, or other matter covered by Section 2 above. 

Section 4. I agree that this General Release does not waive or release any rights or claims that I may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 which arise after the date I execute this General Release. I acknowledge and agree that my separation from employment with the Company in compliance with the terms of the Agreement shall not serve as the basis for any claim or action (including, without limitation, any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967). 
 Section 5. I agree that I hereby waive all rights to sue or obtain equitable, remedial or punitive relief from any or all Released Parties of any kind whatsoever in respect of any Claim, including, without limitation, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, and any form of injunctive relief. Notwithstanding the above, I further acknowledge that I am not waiving and am not being required to waive any right that cannot be waived under law, including the right to file an administrative charge or participate in an administrative investigation or proceeding, including with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC provided, however, that I disclaim and waive any right to share or participate in any monetary award resulting from the prosecution of such EEOC charge or investigation or proceeding. Additionally, I am not waiving (i) any right to the Accrued Obligations or any severance benefits to which I am entitled under the Agreement or (ii) any claim relating to any right of indemnification under the Company s organizational documents or otherwise. 
 Section 6. In signing this General Release, I acknowledge and intend that it shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I expressly consent that this General Release shall be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims (notwithstanding any state or local statute that expressly limits the effectiveness of a general release of unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. I acknowledge and agree that this waiver is an essential and material term of this General Release and that without such waiver the Company would not have agreed to the terms of the Agreement. I further agree that in the event I should bring a Claim seeking damages against the Company, or in the event I should seek to recover against the Company in any Claim brought by a governmental agency on my behalf, this General Release shall serve as a complete defense to such Claims to the maximum extent permitted by law. I further agree that I am not aware of any pending claim of the type described in Section 2 above as of the execution of this General Release. 
 Section 7. I agree that neither this General Release, nor the furnishing of the consideration for this General Release, shall be deemed or construed at any time to be an admission by the Company, any Released Party or myself of any improper or unlawful conduct. 
 Section 8. I agree that if I violate this General Release by suing the Company or the other Released Parties, I will pay all costs and expenses of defending against the suit incurred by the Released Parties, including reasonable attorneys fees. 
 Section 9. I represent that I am not aware of any claim by me other than the claims that are released by this General Release. I acknowledge that I may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different than those which I now know or believe to exist with respect to the subject matter of the release set forth in paragraph 2 above and which, if known or suspected at the time of entering into this General Release, may have materially affected this General Release and my decision to enter into it. 
 Section 10. I represent and warrant that I have returned all property of the Company and its affiliates, including identification cards or badges, access codes or devices, keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically stored documents or files, physical files, and any other property of the Company or its affiliates in my possession. I further represent and warrant that I no longer have access to and do no claim ownership of any cloud storage or social media accounts of the Company or any of its affiliates. 
 Section 11. Notwithstanding anything in this General Release to the contrary, this General Release shall not relinquish, diminish, or in any way affect any rights or claims arising out of any breach by the Company or by any Released Party of the Agreement after the date hereof. 

Section 12. Whenever possible, each provision of this General Release shall be interpreted in, such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this General Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this General Release shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 BY SIGNING THIS GENERAL RELEASE, I REPRESENT AND AGREE THAT 
 (a) I HAVE READ IT CAREFULLY 
 (b) I UNDERSTAND ALL OF ITS TERMS AND KNOW THAT I AM GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RIGHTS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, AS AMENDED, TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, AS AMENDED THE EQUAL PAY ACT OF 1963, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 AND THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
 (c) I VOLUNTARILY CONSENT TO EVERYTHING IN IT 
 (d) I HAVE BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE EXECUTING IT AND I HAVE DONE SO OR, AFTER CAREFUL READING AND CONSIDERATION, I HAVE CHOSEN NOT TO DO SO OF MY OWN VOLITION 
 (e) I HAVE HAD AT LEAST 21 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF MY RECEIPT OF THIS RELEASE TO CONSIDER IT, AND THE CHANGES MADE SINCE MY RECEIPT OF THIS RELEASE ARE NOT MATERIAL OR WERE MADE AT MY REQUEST AND WILL NOT RESTART THE REQUIRED 21 45 -DAY PERIOD 
 (f) I UNDERSTAND THAT I HAVE SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER THE EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE TO REVOKE IT AND THAT THIS RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED 
 (g) I HAVE SIGNED THIS GENERAL RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND WITH THE ADVICE OF ANY COUNSEL RETAINED TO ADVISE ME WITH RESPECT TO IT AND 
 (h) I AGREE THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE MAY NOT BE AMENDED, WAIVED, CHANGED OR MODIFIED EXCEPT BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY AND BY ME. 
 
 SIGNED _______________________________ DATED ___________________ 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 exhibit1016.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 

Exhibit 10.16 
 Separation and Release Agreement 
 January 13, 2023 
 This Separation and Release Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of the date first set forth above by and among Perimeter Solutions, SA, a public company limited by shares duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 12E, rue Guillaume Kroll, L-1882 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Registre de Commerce et des Soci t s, Luxembourg (Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register) under number B 256.548 (the Parent ), Perimeter Solutions LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), and Ernest Kremling (the Executive ). 
 
 WHEREAS, Executive has been employed by the Company as its Chief Operating Officer pursuant to that certain Employment Agreement, dated October 1, 2021 (the Employment Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Company agreed to make certain severance payments upon certain types of terminations and (ii) the Executive agreed to certain non-compete, non-solicit and non- disclosure covenants 
 
 WHEREAS, the Parent and Executive entered into that certain Letter Agreement, dated June 15, 2021 (the Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which, among other things, the Executive agreed to certain non-compete, non-solicit and non-disclosure covenants 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties have mutually agreed that the Executive s employment with the Company and its Affiliates will terminate effective as of January 13, 2023 (the Separation Date ), and that the Company shall provide Executive with the severance payments that are described in Section 6(b) of the Employment Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, in light of Executive s service with the Company and its Affiliates through the Separation Date and certain additional covenants of the Executive set forth in this Agreement, the Parent desires to adjust certain vesting and exercisability provisions under the Option Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to enter into this Agreement to reflect their mutual undertakings, promises, and agreements following the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company and payments and benefits to the Executive as a result of such termination. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and of the respective covenants and agreements set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 1. Separation Date Effect of Separation . 
 a. Executive s employment with the Company and any of its Affiliates (as defined in the Employment Agreement) shall terminate effective as of the Separation Date and the Executive shall therefore be relieved of all of his duties, responsibilities, and authorities for the Company and is Affiliates effective as of the Separation Date. Prior to the Separation Date, Executive shall perform such duties as may be reasonably requested by the Company or Parent to help facilitate a smooth transition following such termination. 
 b. Effective as of the Separation Date, the Executive shall resign, and does hereby resign, from all other positions, if any, Executive held with the Company and its Affiliates. As of the Separation Date, the Executive shall also experience an involuntary separation from service from the Company and its affiliates within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder Section 409A ). 
 
 2. Termination of Employment Agreement Continuing Obligations Non-Disparagement . 

a. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Employment Agreement will terminate without further action of the parties effective as of the Separation Date and that, therefore, as of that date, the Company and its Affiliates will have no further liabilities, obligations, or duties to the Executive, and the Executive forfeits all remaining rights and benefits, under the Employment Agreement, except as provided in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Executive further acknowledges and agrees that all of the post-termination rights and obligations of the parties which continue by their terms under the Employment Agreement, including without limitation under Sections 6 (Severance Payments) (without duplication to the separation benefits set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement), 7 (Non-Competition Non-Solicitation), 8 (Nondisclosure of Proprietary Information), 9 (Injunctive Relief), 10 (Whistleblower Protections), 11 (Survival), 12 (Binding on Successors), 13 (Governing Law), 14 (Validity), 15 (Notices), 19 (No Inconsistent Actions), 20 (Arbitration) of the Employment Agreement, shall continue in full force and effect according to their terms notwithstanding the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the termination of the Employment Agreement, or the execution of this Agreement (the Continuing Employment Agreement Obligations ). 
 b. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that nothing in this Agreement shall in any way limit the covenants of the Executive set forth in the Letter Agreement, including without limitation under Sections 2 (Covenant Not to Compete), 3 (Non-Solicitation and No Hire), and 4 (Covenant of Confidentiality), which shall continue in full force and effect according to their terms notwithstanding the termination of the Executive s employment with the Company, the termination of the Employment Agreement, or the execution of this Agreement (the Continuing Letter Agreement Obligations ). 
 c. The Executive agrees and covenants that the Executive shall not at any time make, publish, or communicate to any person or entity or in any public forum any defamatory, maliciously false, or disparaging remarks, comments, or statements concerning the Parent or any of its Affiliates or their businesses, or any of their employees, officers, or directors and their existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties, now or in the future (together with the Continuing Employment Agreement Obligations and Continuing Letter Agreement Obligations, the Continuing Obligations ). This Section 2(c) does not in any way restrict or impede the Employee from exercising protected rights, including those described in Section 10 (Whistleblower Protections) of the Employment Agreement, to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement. This Section 2(c) also does not prevent the Employee from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation, or order. The Employee shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Company in accordance with the notice provisions of the Employment Agreement. 
 d. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive has fully complied with such Continuing Obligations at all times before Executive signs this Agreement and that Executive intends to, and shall, fully comply with such Continuing Obligations after he signs this Agreement. 
 3. Separation Benefits . 
 
 a. Accrued Obligations . In accordance with Section 6(a) of the Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay the Executive any unpaid Annual Base Salary (as defined in the Employment Agreement) that has accrued as of the Date of Termination, any unreimbursed expenses due to the Executive in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy and an amount equal to compensation for accrued but unused sick days and vacation days (the Accrued Obligations ). The Accrued Obligations shall be paid in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. 

b. COBRA . In accordance with Section 6(a) of the Employment Agreement, if the Executive elects to continue health plan coverage in accordance with the requirements of applicable law (e.g., COBRA coverage), at the applicable monthly cost charged for such coverage, the Company may require the Executive to complete and file any election forms that are generally required of other employees to obtain COBRA coverage and the Executive s COBRA coverage may be terminable in accordance with applicable law. 
 c. Severance Payments . As described in Section 6(b) of the Employment Agreement, the Company shall pay to the Executive, an amount equal to the sum of (the Severance Amount 
 i. 368,750 (representing 1.25 times the Executive s Annual Base Salary), 
 ii. 10,000 (representing 1.0 times the Executive s target bonus for the fiscal year in which the Separation Date falls), and 
 iii. 38,656 (representing 15.0 times the Monthly COBRA Continuation Coverage Rate (as defined in the Employment Agreement but excluding any deduction) determined as of the Separation Date for the Executive s applicable health and welfare plan coverages as in effect on such date, and make payments for the Monthly COBRA Continuation Coverage on time to the Vendor managing the program. All amounts paid for COBRA Medical benefits will be reported in accordance with applicable tax reporting on the W2. 
 The Severance Amount shall be payable in substantially equal installments over the 15- month period following the later of the Separation Date and Effective Date (as defined below), commencing no later than thirty (30) days following such date and in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in accordance with Section 6(d) of the Employment Agreement, in the event that any portion of the amount payable under this Section 3(c) shall be treated as deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, that portion (and only that portion) which would otherwise have been paid prior to the six (6) month anniversary of the Separation Date shall not be paid until the 181st day following the Separation Date. 
 4. Return of Property . By the Separation Date, the Employee must return all property of the Parent or any of its Affiliates, including identification cards or badges, access codes or devices, keys, laptops, computers, telephones, mobile phones, hand-held electronic devices, credit cards, electronically stored documents or files, physical files, and any other property of the Parent or its Affiliates in the Executive s possession. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive no longer has access to and does not claim ownership of any of the cloud storage or social media accounts of the Parent or its Affiliates. 
 5. Release of Claims . In consideration of the performance by the Parent and the Company of their obligations under the Employment Agreement and this Agreement, the Executive hereby releases and forever discharges as of the date hereof the Parent, the Company and their respective Affiliates and all present, former and future managers, directors, officers, employees, successors and assigns of the Parent, Company and their respective affiliates and direct or indirect owners (collectively, the Released Parties to the extent provided in this Section 5 (this General Release ). The Released Parties are intended to be third-party beneficiaries of this General Release, and this General Release may be enforced by each of them in accordance with the terms hereof in respect of the rights granted to such Released Parties hereunder. 
 a. Executive understands that any payments or benefits paid or granted to Executive under Section 3 of this Agreement (other than the Accrued Obligations) represent, in part, consideration for signing this General Release and are not salary, wages or benefits to which Executive was already entitled. Executive understands and agree that Executive will not receive certain of the payments and benefits specified in Section 6 of the Agreement (other than the Accrued Obligations) unless Executive executes this General Release and do not revoke this General Release within the time 

period permitted hereafter. Such payments and benefits will not be considered compensation for purposes of any employee benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained or hereafter established by the Company or its affiliates. 
 b. Except as provided in Sections 5(d) and 5(e) below and except for the provisions of the Agreement which expressly survive the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive knowingly and voluntarily (for Executive, Executive s heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) releases and forever discharges the Company and the other Released Parties from any and all claims, suits, controversies, actions, causes of action, cross-claims, counter-claims, demands, debts, compensatory damages, liquidated damages, punitive or exemplary damages, other damages, claims for costs and attorneys fees, or liabilities of any nature whatsoever in law and in equity, both past and present (through the date that this General Release becomes effective and enforceable) and whether known or unknown, suspected, or claimed against the Company or any of the Released Parties which Executive, Executive s spouse, or any of Executive s heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, may have, which arise out of or are connected with Executive s employment with or service for, or Executive s separation or termination from, the Company, Parent or their affiliates (including, but not limited to, any allegation, claim or violation, arising under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended the Civil Rights Act of 1991 the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) the Equal Pay Act of 1963, as amended the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 the Worker Adjustment Retraining and Notification Act the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 any applicable Executive Order Programs the Fair Labor Standards Act or their state or local counterparts Texas Labor Code Chapter 21 (Chapter 21) any amendments or implementing regulations of the foregoing or under any other federal, state or local civil or human rights law, or under any other local, state, or federal law, regulation or ordinance that may be legally waived and released or under any public policy, contract or tort, or under common law or arising under any policies, practices or procedures of the Company, Parent or their affiliates or any claim for wrongful discharge, breach of contract, infliction of emotional distress, defamation or any claim for costs, fees, or other expenses, including attorneys fees incurred in these matters) (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Claims ). For the avoidance of doubt, the identification of specific statutes or laws in this Section 5(b) is for purposes of example only, and the omission of any specific statute or law shall not limit the scope of this General Release in any manner. 
 c. Executive represents that Executive has made no assignment or transfer of any right, claim, demand, cause of action, or other matter covered by Section 5(b) above. 
 d. Executive agrees that this General Release does not waive or release any rights or claims that Executive may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 which arise after the date Executive executes this General Release. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive s separation from employment with the Company in compliance with the terms of the Agreement shall not serve as the basis for any claim or action (including, without limitation, any claim under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967). 
 e. Executive hereby waives all rights to sue or obtain equitable, remedial or punitive relief from any or all Released Parties of any kind whatsoever in respect of any Claim, including, without limitation, reinstatement, back pay, front pay, and any form of injunctive relief. Notwithstanding the above, Executive further acknowledges that Executive is not waiving and is not being required to waive any right that cannot be waived under law, including the right to file an administrative charge or participate in an administrative investigation or proceeding, including with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission EEOC provided, however, that Executive disclaims and waives any right to share or participate in any monetary award resulting from the prosecution of such EEOC 

charge or investigation or proceeding. Additionally, Executive is not waiving (i) any right to the Accrued Obligations or any severance benefits to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement or (ii) any claim relating to any right of indemnification under the Company s organizational documents or otherwise. 
 f. In signing this General Release, Executive acknowledges and intends that it shall be effective as a bar to each and every one of the Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. Executive expressly consents that this General Release shall be given full force and effect according to each and all of its express terms and provisions, including those relating to unknown and unsuspected Claims (notwithstanding any state or local statute that expressly limits the effectiveness of a general release of unknown, unsuspected and unanticipated Claims), if any, as well as those relating to any other Claims hereinabove mentioned or implied. Executive acknowledges and agrees that this waiver is an essential and material term of this General Release and that without such waiver the Company would not have agreed to the terms of the Agreement. Executive further agrees that in the event Executive should bring a Claim seeking damages against the Company, or in the event Executive should seek to recover against the Company in any Claim brought by a governmental agency on Executive s behalf, this General Release shall serve as a complete defense to such Claims to the maximum extent permitted by law. Executive further agrees that Executive is not aware of any pending claim of the type described in Section 2 above as of the execution of this General Release. 
 g. I agree that neither this General Release, nor the furnishing of the consideration for this General Release, shall be deemed or construed at any time to be an admission by the Company, any Released Party or Executive of any improper or unlawful conduct. 
 h. Executive agrees that if Executive violates this General Release by suing the Company or the other Released Parties, Executive will pay all costs and expenses of defending against the suit incurred by the Released Parties, including reasonable attorneys fees. 
 i. Executive represents that Executive is not aware of any claim by Executive other than the claims that are released by this General Release. Executive acknowledges that Executive may hereafter discover claims or facts in addition to or different than those which Executive now knows or believes to exist with respect to the subject matter of the release set forth in Section 5(b) above and which, if known or suspected at the time of entering into this General Release, may have materially affected this General Release and Executive s decision to enter into it. 
 j. Notwithstanding anything in this General Release to the contrary, this General Release shall not relinquish, diminish, or in any way affect any rights or claims arising out of any breach by the Company or by any Released Party of the Agreement after the date hereof. 
 k. Whenever possible, each provision of this General Release shall be interpreted in, such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this General Release is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision or any other jurisdiction, but this General Release shall be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
 l. BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREEING TO THIS GENERAL RELEASE, EXECUTIVE REPRESENTS AND AGREES THAT 
 
 i. EXECUTIVE HAS READ IT CAREFULLY 

ii. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS ALL OF ITS TERMS AND KNOWS THAT EXECUTIVE IS GIVING UP IMPORTANT RIGHTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, RIGHTS UNDER THE AGE DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOYMENT ACT OF 1967, AS AMENDED, TITLE VII OF THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964, AS AMENDED THE EQUAL PAY ACT OF 1963, THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT OF 1990 AND THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
 iii. EXECUTIVE VOLUNTARILY CONSENTS TO EVERYTHING IN IT 
 iv. EXECUTIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED TO CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY BEFORE EXECUTING IT AND EXECUTIVE HAS DONE SO OR, AFTER CAREFUL READING AND CONSIDERATION, EXECUTIVE HAS CHOSEN NOT TO DO SO OF EXECUTIVE S OWN VOLITION 
 v. EXECUTIVE HAS HAD AT LEAST 21 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF EXECUTIVE S RECEIPT OF THIS RELEASE TO CONSIDER IT, AND THE CHANGES MADE SINCE EXECUTIVE S RECEIPT OF THIS RELEASE ARE NOT MATERIAL OR WERE MADE AT EXECUTIVE S REQUEST AND WILL NOT RESTART THE REQUIRED 21-DAY PERIOD 
 vi. EXECUTIVE UNDERSTANDS THAT EXECUTIVE HAS SEVEN (7) DAYS AFTER THE EXECUTION OF THIS RELEASE TO REVOKE IT AND THAT THIS RELEASE SHALL NOT BECOME EFFECTIVE OR ENFORCEABLE UNTIL THE REVOCATION PERIOD HAS EXPIRED 
 vii. EXECUTIVE HAS SIGNED THIS GENERAL RELEASE KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY AND WITH THE ADVICE OF ANY COUNSEL RETAINED TO ADVISE EXECUTIVE WITH RESPECT TO IT AND 
 viii. EXECUTIVE AGREES THAT THE PROVISIONS OF THIS GENERAL RELEASE MAY NOT BE AMENDED, WAIVED, CHANGED OR MODIFIED EXCEPT BY AN INSTRUMENT IN WRITING SIGNED BY AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COMPANY AND BY EXECUTIVE. 
 6. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 a. Binding on Successors . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, Parent, the Executive and their respective successors, assigns, personnel and legal representatives, executors, administrators, heirs, distributees, devisees, and legatees, as applicable. 
 b. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed, construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with the substantive laws of Delaware. 
 c. Validity . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. 
 d. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The signatures to this Agreement need not all be on a single copy of this Agreement, and may be electronic signatures (e.g., DocuSign) or copies on portable document format (.pdf) rather than 

originals, and in each case shall be fully effective as though all signatures were originals on the same copy. 
 e. Amendments Waivers . This Agreement may not be modified, amended, or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by the Executive and duly appointed officer of the Company. By an instrument in writing similarly executed, the Executive or the Company or Parent may waive compliance by the other party or parties with any provision of this Agreement that such other party was or is obligated to comply with or perform provided, however, that such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising any right, remedy or power hereunder shall preclude any other or further exercise of any other right, remedy or power provided herein or by law or in equity. 
 f. No Inconsistent Actions . The parties hereto shall not voluntarily undertake or fail to undertake any action or course of action inconsistent with the provisions or essential intent of this Agreement. Furthermore, it is the intent of the parties hereto to act in a fair and reasonable manner with respect to the interpretation and application of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 g. Arbitration . Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, any dispute arising out of, relating to, or having any connection with, this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination, and any tort or other extra-contractual or statutory claims arising out of or relating to its negotiation, execution or performance, shall be exclusively and finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the ICC Rules by one or more arbitrators appointed in accordance with the ICC Rules provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6(g) shall prohibit (i) a party from instituting litigation to enforce any final award in any court of competent jurisdiction or (ii) the Company from seeking a restraining order or injunction in any court of competent jurisdiction to prevent any continuation of any violation of the Continuing Obligations and the Executive hereby consents that such restraining order or injunction may be granted without the necessity of the Company s posting any bond. The seat of the arbitration shall be in St. Louis, Missouri. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The parties undertake to carry out any award of the tribunal without delay, and waive their right to refer any question of law and any right of appeal on the law or merits to a court of law or other judicial authority, insofar as such waiver may be validly made. The parties agree that an arbitral tribunal appointed under this Agreement may exercise jurisdiction with respect to this Agreement and any amendments or exhibits or schedules hereto (except as otherwise expressly provided therein), and that any disputes involving more than one of such agreements, exhibits or schedules shall proceed as a consolidated arbitration in accordance with Article 10 of the ICC Rules. The arbitrator selected pursuant to this Section 6(g) shall award to the prevailing party, if any, the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration and, if the arbitrator determines a party to be the prevailing party under circumstances where the prevailing party won on some but not all of the claims and counterclaims, the arbitrator may award the prevailing party an appropriate percentage of the costs and attorneys fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with the arbitration and the enforcement of its rights under this Agreement. 
 h. Tax Treatment Right to Consult a Tax Advisor . The payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A and this Agreement shall be interpreted and administered in a manner consistent with that intent. Notwithstanding any contrary provision in this Agreement, the Individual shall be solely responsible for any risk that the tax treatment of the benefits under by this Agreement may be affected by Section 409A, which may impose significant adverse tax consequences on them, including accelerated taxation, a 20 additional tax, and interest. Because of the potential tax consequences, the Individual has the right, and is encouraged by this paragraph, to consult with a tax advisor of his choice before signing this Agreement. 

i. Expiration Date . The Company s offer of this Agreement shall expire after a period of 21 days after the date the Executive first received this Agreement for consideration (the Expiration Date ). Changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the consideration period. The Individual may accept the offer at any time before the Expiration Date by signing this Agreement in the space provided below and delivering it to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company. 
 j. Limited Revocation Right Effect of Revocation . After signing this Agreement, the Executive shall have a period of seven days to reconsider and revoke his acceptance of this Agreement in his discretion (the Revocation Period ). If the Executive chooses to revoke his acceptance of this Agreement, he must do so by providing written notice to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel on or before the seventh day after signing this Agreement, in which case this Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable and the Executive shall not receive the separation benefits set forth in Sections 3(c) and 3(d) of this Agreement. 
 k. Effective Date . This Agreement shall become effective and enforceable upon the expiration of seven days after the Executive signs it (the Effective Date ), provided that the Executive signs the Agreement on or before the Expiration Date and does not revoke his acceptance of the Agreement during the Revocation Period. 
 
 (Signature Page Follows) 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement on the date and year first above written. 

PERIMETER SOLUTIONS S.A. By s Edward Goldberg Name Edward Goldberg Title Chief Executive Officer and Director PERIMETER SOLUTIONS LP By s Edward Goldberg Name Edward Goldberg Title Chief Executive Officer and Director EXECUTIVE By s Ernest Kremling Name Ernest Kremling 

Signature Page to Separation and Release Agreement 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit2111.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 PERIMETER SOLUTIONS, SA 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Subsidiary Jurisdiction of Formation Perimeter Solutions SA Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Everarc Holdings LTD. British Virgin Islands SK Invictus Intermediate S.a.r.l Grand Duchy of Luxembourg SK Invictus Intermediate II S.a.r.l. Grand Duchy of Luxembourg SK Invictus Group S.a.r.l Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Invictus France S.A.S France Biogema S.A.S. France Invictus US Holdings LLC Delaware Perimeter Solutions North America Inc. Delaware Perimeter Solutions Inc. Delaware Perimeter Solutions Canada Ltd Canada Perimeter Solutions LLC Delaware Perimeter Solutions LP Delaware H&S Transport, LLC Delaware LaderaTech, Inc. Delaware River City Fabrication LLC Delaware Phosphorus Derivatives Inc. Delaware Invictus US LLC Delaware McWane Luxembourg IP S.a.r.l. Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Perimeter Solutions De GmbH Germany SK Invictus Spain Sociedad Limitada Spain Auxquimia S.A.U. Spain Solberg Scandinavian AS Norway Solberg Asia Pacific Pty Ltd Australia First Response Fire Rescue, LLC Delaware Horn Holdings, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit2311.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-260798) and Form S-8 (No. 333-262127) of Perimeter Solutions, SA of our reports dated March 1, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Perimeter Solutions, SA s internal controls over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 s BDO USA, LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit3112.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Edward Goldberg, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Edward Goldberg Edward Goldberg Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit3122.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Charles Kropp, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Perimeter Solutions, SA 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Charles Kropp Charles Kropp Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit3212.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Edward Goldberg, Chief Executive Officer of Perimeter Solutions, SA (the Registrant ), and Charles Kropp, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge on the date hereof 
 1. the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Perimeter Solutions, SA Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Edward Goldberg Edward Goldberg Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date March 1, 2023 
 By s Charles Kropp Charles Kropp Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 prm-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 prm-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 prm-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 prm-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 prm-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

