<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_701985_0000701985-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10923043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>657213</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2092688</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4065179</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1972572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1911636</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>28</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000701985-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230317171726
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000701985-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bath & Body Works, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000701985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-WOMEN'S CLOTHING STORES [5621]
		IRS NUMBER:				311029810
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0128

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08344
		FILM NUMBER:		23743833

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE LIMITED PKWY
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 16000
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144157000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE LIMITED PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		P.O. BOX 16000
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	L Brands, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130322

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIMITED BRANDS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020613

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIMITED INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000701985-23-000008.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 bbwi-20230128.htm
 10-K

bbwi-20230128 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D. C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED] 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 
 ______________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately billion. 
 Number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock as of March 10, 2023: . 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Page No. Part I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 Item 2. Properties 
 23 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 Part II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 26 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 70 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 70 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 70 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 70 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 71 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 71 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 71 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 71 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 71 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 77 
 Signatures 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 General 
 The company, which was founded in 1963 in Columbus, Ohio, has evolved over time from an apparel-based specialty retailer to a segment leader focused on home fragrance, body care and soaps and sanitizer products operating under the Bath Body Works, White Barn and other brand names. We strive to make the world a brighter, happier place through the power of fragrance. We care about our customers and believe in giving them a reason to celebrate with fragrance every day. We remain committed to improving our communities and fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture that is focused on delivering exceptional fragrances and experiences. We are home to America s Favorite Fragrances and offer a breadth of exclusive fragrances for the body and home, including top-selling collections for fine fragrance mist, body lotion and body cream, 3-wick candles, home fragrance diffusers and liquid hand soap. For more than 30 years, customers have looked to Bath Body Works for quality, on-trend products and the newest, freshest fragrances. We intend to build and transform an already strong foundation into a leading global omnichannel personal care and home fragrance brand. 
 As of January 28, 2023, our merchandise was sold through 1,802 company-operated stores and e-commerce sites in the United States of America ("U.S.") and Canada, and in 427 stores and 31 e-commerce sites in more than 45 other countries operating under franchise, license and wholesale arrangements. 
 On August 2, 2021, the company completed the spin-off of its Victoria's Secret business, which included the Victoria's Secret and PINK brands, into an independent publicly traded company ("Victoria's Secret Co." and such transaction, the "Separation") on a tax-free basis. Accordingly, the operating results of the Victoria's Secret business are reported as discontinued operations for all periods presented. All discussion within this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including amounts, percentages and disclosures for all periods presented, reflect only the continuing operations of the company unless otherwise noted. In connection with the spin-off of the Victoria's Secret business, the company changed its name from L Brands, Inc. to Bath Body Works, Inc. ("we" or the "Company"). Additionally, starting on August 3, 2021, the Company's common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "NYSE") under the stock symbol "BBWI." 
 Fiscal Year 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31. As used herein, 2022, 2021 and 2020 refer to the 52-week periods ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, respectively. 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths contribute to our leading market position, differentiate us from our competitors and will drive future long-term sustainable growth: 
 Industry Leading Brand and Products 
 We have developed and operate a well-known, beloved and broadly appealing brand, which allows us to target markets across the economic spectrum, across demographics and across the world. We are an affordable luxury brand with covetable offerings, and a key tenet of our strategy is offering products at all price points. Customers look to us to celebrate the season, transport them to another time and place, decorate their home and find the perfect gift. 
 We have also developed trusted and market leading products in the body care, home fragrance, and soap and sanitizer categories. Our products are differentiated through a combination of fragrance, packaging and quality at accessible prices. We also sell products under our trusted sub brands, including White Barn and Aromatherapy. 
 In-Store Experience and Store Operations 
 We view our customers' in-store experience as an important vehicle for communicating the image of our brand. We utilize visual presentation of merchandise, fragrance, in-store marketing, music and our sales associates to reinforce the image represented by our brand. Our in-store marketing is designed to convey the principal elements and personality of our brand. The store design, visual marketing and storytelling, fixtures, scents, and music are all carefully planned and coordinated to create a unique shopping experience. We display merchandise uniformly to ensure a consistent store experience, regardless of location. Store managers receive detailed plans designating fixture and merchandise placement to ensure coordinated execution of the Company-wide merchandising strategy. Our sales associates and store managers are a central element in bringing our seasonal storytelling to life by providing a high level of customer service. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Digital Experience 
 In addition to our in-store experience, we strive to create a customer-centric digital platform that integrates the digital and physical brand experience and enables convenience for the customer when desired. Our digital presence, including social media, our websites and our loyalty application, allows us to get to know our customers better and communicate with them anytime and anywhere. 
 Product Development 
 Quality and innovation are at the core of our sourcing strategy. We seek to drive efficiencies and mitigate risk through our strong technical research and prolific product development. Our merchant, design and sourcing teams have a long history of bringing innovative and covetable products to our customers. Our product offering and assortment strategy are key to elevating our brand, increasing our long-term pricing power and extending our reach. 
 We believe a large part of our success comes from our ability to quickly assess and effectively adjust to changing consumer preferences. We leverage our differentiated product development capabilities to frequently deliver compelling new fragrances, packaging and other product launches. We are dedicated to delivering a full product pipeline by launching new fragrances and products every four to six weeks, with new products launching nearly every week. 
 Sourcing and Logistics 
 Our predominantly domestic, vertically integrated supply chain enables us to successfully navigate a dynamic environment and to respond to changing consumer preferences with speed and agility. Our supplier base includes long-standing vendor relationships, and the majority of our products are produced at Beauty Park, a business park that includes several key vendors within close proximity to our Columbus, Ohio distribution centers. These strategic vendor relationships provide deep capabilities across our product categories. 
 While our Company-owned distribution centers located in central Ohio are core to our operations, we also utilize third-party distribution centers located throughout North America to position inventory geographically closer to our customers. Third party-operated direct channel fulfillment centers and pop-up fulfillment facilities throughout North America are also used to support our peak needs. In addition, in the fall of 2022, we completed construction of our first Company-operated direct channel fulfillment center. Located near Columbus, Ohio, this facility has 1.1 million square feet of space and state-of-the-art fulfillment capabilities to support the future growth in our direct business (also referred to as digital or e-commerce) and enhanced fulfillment capabilities for our business. 
 Experienced and Committed Management Team 
 Our senior management team has significant retail and business experience at Bath Body Works, Inc. and other companies such as Unilever, Avon Products, The Est e Lauder Companies, Ann Taylor and Loft, Banana Republic, Ross Stores, Abercrombie Fitch, Madewell, Carter s, Rosetta Stone and KPMG. 
 Our Board of Directors (the "Board") appointed Gina R. Boswell as our Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board, effective December 1, 2022. Sarah E. Nash, who had served as Executive Chair of the Board since February 2022 and Interim Chief Executive Officer since May 2022, remained Executive Chair through January 28, 2023, at which time she transitioned back to independent Chair of the Board. 
 Growth Strategies 
 Expanding our Customer Base and Customer Spend 
 As a leading fragrance company, we deliver customers their favorite fragrances in multiple forms and categories with industry- leading speed and innovation. We manage every touchpoint throughout the customer journey to deliver a highly differentiated shopping experience. We have a large, loyal customer base that spans income levels, age groups and ethnicities. We believe we have significant opportunity to acquire new customers, increase spend and further diversify our customer base. 
 We are continuing to prioritize investment in our customer experience. As part of this investment, we launched our loyalty program nationwide in the U.S. during August 2022. Our enrollment results have exceeded our initial expectations, with more than 33 million members enrolled to date, and more than 80 of these members were active in the last 12 months. We believe we have opportunity to drive more value and attract more customers to the loyalty program by increasing engagement through personalization, fully integrating the program across social, physical and digital interactions, and making future program enhancements like accelerators and flexible rewards. Our loyalty customers typically spend more, have greater retention rates and make more trips than non-loyalty customers. Our loyalty sales represent approximately two thirds of our U.S. sales since launch in August 2022. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We also believe we have an opportunity to leverage data and analytics to build deeper customer connections to deliver more personalized marketing and develop a more targeted promotion strategy. We believe we can grow our customer base, increase engagement and drive incremental visits, all while decreasing our reliance on broad-based promotions, by implementing a more targeted marketing approach rooted in advanced analytics and customer segmentation. 
 Optimizing our Product Offering 
 Our product offering and assortment strategy are key to enhancing our brand, increasing our pricing power and extending our reach. We believe that offering our customer favorites in multiple forms is a competitive differentiator that drives our customer loyalty and purchases. Our cross-category assortment is a key reason for our customers to come back and visit our stores. Our products are designed to be used daily and replenished frequently. We believe we have a strong pipeline of products, and we expect to continue to launch new fragrances and products about every four to six weeks. 
 Innovation and newness are key drivers of our business, and we believe we have opportunity for growth in our existing categories through new product launches, formula upgrades and packaging refreshes, which we believe drives traffic and repeat customers. We recently launched a new single-wick vessel in candles, which rounds out our candle portfolio and offers a burn time of 30 to 50 hours. We continue to increase our assortment of scent control wallflower heaters that offer our customers choice in how much scent to enjoy in each room of their home. As we look ahead to 2023, we are focused on delivering fresh and compelling new scents and exciting new product expansions to our fragrance portfolio. 
 In addition, we continue to learn our customers preferences in new and adjacent product lines and plan to continue to add more new and innovative products over time as we work to expand our brand s global reach. We are focused on leveraging our core strengths in fragrance and innovation to extend our product leadership into categories such as Men's and Wellness. Our Men s business was our fastest growing product category in 2022 as we test new forms and merchandising ideas. We are also expanding our Wellness collection that is geared towards elevating our customer s daily wellness routine with curated collections for body and home. 
 We are also focused on enhancing our brand by developing products with customers' ingredient preferences in mind and on re-thinking our packaging. By the end of 2023, we anticipate that more than half of our products will be formulated without parabens, sulfates and dyes. We are testing recyclable aluminum soap vessels and have introduced the use of post-consumer recycled content in packaging across several of our product categories. Later in 2023, we will be offering hand soap in large cartons that enable our customers to refill their soap containers. By the end of 2025, we plan to increase the amount of post-consumer recycled content to 33 of our total plastic packaging portfolio. 
 Expanding our International Business 
 We have an opportunity to drive growth in our international business, which on a reported basis was approximately 4 of our Net Sales in 2022, leveraging our partnership-based, asset-light model. In 2023, we expect our international business to continue to accelerate and continue to have Net Sales growth and accretive operating margins. We believe we have scaling opportunities in existing markets and opportunities to enter into new markets to drive the growth of our international business. We believe our fragrance portfolio allows successful olfactive distortions to local preferences. 
 Our franchise partners are committed to greater expansion and opened 89 net new stores in 2022, bringing the total to 427 in over 45 countries (excluding our Company-operated stores in Canada) as of January 28, 2023. Our partners plan to open between 50 and 80 net new international stores in 2023. Additionally, we expect to continue growing the digital components of our international business, including through country-specific web platforms tailored to local languages and preferences and through additional regional expansion. As of January 28, 2023, our partners operated 31 international e-commerce sites, an increase of four from January 29, 2022. 
 Advancing our Omnichannel Capabilities 
 We see a significant opportunity to better connect our stores and e-commerce platforms to deliver a seamless experience and increase our customer lifetime value. We are focused on omnichannel initiatives and enhanced capabilities to engage our customers how, when and where they want. During 2022, we rolled out buy online-pickup in store ("BOPIS") to over 800 Company-operated stores and have BOPIS capabilities in more than 1,300 stores as of January 28, 2023. In addition, in the fall of 2022, we completed construction of, and commenced initial operations in, our first Company-operated direct channel fulfillment center with 1.1 million square feet of space and state-of-the-art fulfillment capabilities. 
 We seek to continuously improve the online experience for our direct channel by enhancing graphics, video and the marketing/content mix, as well as making our websites and loyalty application easier to navigate. We believe our increased focus on mobile and application interactions will continue to provide flexibility and convenience to our customers, while creating a seamless shopping experience. Our shopping and services initiatives will continue to modernize the customer s digital shopping experience through features like enhancing the loyalty program and a shoppable mobile application. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Technology is a key enabler to our growth and separating our information technology systems from Victoria's Secret Co. (as described below under "Information Systems") will enable us to make future strategic investments to strengthen our omnichannel capabilities. 
 Real Estate 
 Company-operated Stores 
 The following table provides the number of our Company-operated retail stores as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 United States 1,693 1,651 Canada 109 104 Total 1,802 1,755 
 The following table provides the changes in the number of our Company-operated retail stores for the past three fiscal years: 
 Beginning of Year Opened Closed End of Year 2022 1,755 95 (48) 1,802 2021 1,736 54 (35) 1,755 2020 1,739 27 (30) 1,736 
 We have a diversified store portfolio in the U.S. and Canada across venue tiers and types, with approximately half of our stores located off-mall as of January 28, 2023. We are continuing our off-mall expansion to limit our exposure to vulnerable mall locations. As a result of our strong brand and established retail presence, we have been able to lease high-traffic locations in most retail centers in which we operate. We proactively manage our stores and adjust our investment levels based on individual store and fleet performance. 
 Over time, we expect low-single digit annual increases in North American square footage, with off-mall penetration steadily increasing. We will open new stores in emerging non-mall venues or as replacement stores for non-viable malls, while closing stores in non-viable or declining malls. During 2022, we opened 95 new, off-mall stores and permanently closed 48 stores, principally in malls, in North America, resulting in net square footage growth of 5 for the year. We are planning approximately 115 total real estate projects in 2023, consisting of approximately 90 new, off-mall stores and 25 remodels to our store design that incorporates our White Barn concept, partially offset by approximately 50 mall closures. We expect these projects to yield square footage growth of approximately 4 during 2023. 
 Our White Barn store design has demonstrated potential to increase sales and profitability, as White Barn locations typically experience increased sales and traffic following completion of the remodel. Approximately two-thirds of our stores were in the White Barn store design as of January 28, 2023, and we expect to prioritize the remaining higher performing core stores for conversion to the White Barn store design in viable locations over the next five years. 
 Franchise, License and Wholesale Arrangements 
 In addition to our Company-operated stores, our products are sold at partner-operated locations and websites in more than 45 countries through franchise, license and wholesale arrangements. Our partner-based, asset-light business model allows us to establish operating standards by owning assortment, pricing architecture, promotions, store designs and real estate approval while our partners make investments and contribute as experts in local real estate, people and practices. 
 The following table provides the number of international stores operated by our partners as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 International 401 317 International - Travel Retail 26 21 Total 427 338 
 Additionally, our partners operated 31 international e-commerce sites as of January 28, 2023, compared to 27 as of January 29, 2022. 
 Revenue recognized under franchise and license arrangements generally consists of royalties earned and recognized upon sale of merchandise by franchise and license partners to retail customers. Revenue is generally recognized under wholesale and sourcing arrangements at the time the title to the products passes to the partner. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Additional Information 
 Merchandise Vendors 
 During 2022, we purchased merchandise from approximately 120 vendors, primarily located in the U.S. Our largest vendor supplied approximately 13 of our total merchandise purchases during 2022, while no other single vendor provided more than 10 of our merchandise purchases. Our five largest vendors supplied approximately 38 of our total merchandise purchases on a combined basis during 2022. 
 Distribution and Merchandise Inventory 
 Most of our merchandise is produced in the U.S. and is shipped to our distribution centers in the Columbus, Ohio area. In addition to our Company-operated distribution centers, we also utilize third-party logistics providers to warehouse and distribute product throughout North America. We proactively evaluate our distribution channels to ensure we are able to provide the right product at the right place to meet or exceed our customers expectations. Our policy is to maintain sufficient quantities of inventories on hand in our retail stores, fulfillment centers and distribution centers to enable us to meet customer demand. 
 We continue to actively manage our inventory to adjust for anticipated channel shifts and product category shifts. The current macroeconomic environment, including the impacts of continued inflationary cost pressure, requires agility, and we believe we are leveraging the speed that we have in our supply chain, our close partnerships with our suppliers and the capabilities of our sourcing, production and logistics teams to respond quickly. We believe Beauty Park and our predominantly domestic, vertically integrated supply chain enable us to successfully navigate a dynamic environment and present full and abundant product assortments on time to our customers with speed and agility. 
 Information Systems 
 Our management information systems consist of a full range of retail, financial and merchandising systems. The systems include applications related to point-of-sale, e-commerce, merchandising, planning, sourcing, logistics, inventory management, data security and support systems, including human resources and finance systems. Victoria's Secret Co. currently administers and maintains operations of most existing technology and serves as a principal technology service provider to us under a transition services agreement we entered into in connection with the Separation ("TSA"). During the first quarter of 2022, we elected to accelerate the work of establishing separate information technology capabilities for the Company. Initiatives to separate systems are underway and we expect this work to be substantially completed in the summer of 2023. We believe the completion of the technology separation will enable us to more quickly develop critical capabilities to enhance our omnichannel capabilities and support the growth and profitability of our business. 
 Seasonal Business 
 Our operations are seasonal in nature and consist of two principal selling seasons: Spring (the first and second quarters) and Fall (the third and fourth quarters). The fourth quarter, including the holiday season, typically accounts for approximately one-third of our net sales and is our most profitable quarter. Accordingly, cash requirements are highest in the third quarter as our inventories build in advance of the holiday season. 
 Working Capital 
 We fund our business operations through a combination of available cash and cash equivalents and cash flows generated from operations. In addition, our credit facility is available for additional working capital needs and investment opportunities. 
 Regulation 
 We and our products are subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign regulatory authorities. We are subject to a variety of tax and customs regulations and international trade arrangements. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our trademarks, copyrights and patents, which constitute our primary intellectual property, have been registered or are the subject of pending applications in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and with the registries of many foreign countries and/or are protected by common law. We believe our products are identified by our intellectual property and our intellectual property is an integral tool in protecting innovation. Thus, we believe our intellectual property is of significant value. Accordingly, we intend to maintain our intellectual property and related registrations and vigorously protect our intellectual property assets against infringement. 
 Competition 
 The sale of home fragrance, body care and soap and sanitizer products is a highly competitive business with numerous competitors, including individual and chain specialty stores, department stores, online retailers and discount retailers. Brand image, presentation, marketing, design, price, service, fulfillment, assortment and quality are the principal competitive factors. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Other Information 
 For additional information about our business, see "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," included under Item 7. of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Human Capital Management 
 Human Capital 
 At Bath Body Works, our purpose goes beyond selling product. We work to make a difference in our communities and foster a safe, welcoming, inclusive and empowering workplace for our thousands of associates. 
 The Human Capital and Compensation Committee (the HCC Committee of our Board oversees, amongst other things, the Company s programs, policies, practices and strategies relating to culture, talent, diversity, equity and inclusion, equal employment opportunities and the Company s executive compensation programs. Our Board oversees the succession planning process for our Chief Executive Officer. 
 Workforce Demographics 
 As of January 28, 2023, we employed approximately 57,200 associates, 48,400 of whom were part-time. The Company supplements resources using temporary associates during peak periods, such as the end-of-the-year holiday season. Approximately 94 of our associates work in our stores, 3 in our distribution and fulfillment centers and the balance in our home office locations. None of our associates in the U.S. are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Our customer base is predominantly women, and we ensure that we reflect this in our associate population and on our Board. As of December 31, 2022, women made up approximately 88 of our associate population, approximately 55 of our director level and above associate population and approximately 53 of our senior vice president level and above associate population. In addition, as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, four of our six executive officers are women, including Gina R. Boswell, our Chief Executive Officer, and six of our 13 members of the Board are women, including Sarah E. Nash, our independent Board Chair and Patricia S. Bellinger, the Chair of our Nominating and Governance Committee. 
 In addition to gender diversity, we have a goal of employing a racially diverse workforce where everyone belongs and contributes fully to our success. As of December 31, 2022, our workforce was composed of 44 non-white associates, including 13 of leadership associates at the director level and above. In addition, as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, two of our six executive officers and four of our 13 members of the Board were people of color. 
 Focus on Inclusion 
 We focus on recruiting, retaining and advancing diverse talent that reflects the customers we serve and the communities where we live and work. By continuing to encourage and support a workplace environment where diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") are valued, we believe we can serve our customers better, as well as attract and retain highly talented associates, suppliers and vendors of different backgrounds and experiences. 
 Led by our Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and with oversight from the HCC Committee, we have a DEI strategy based around our associates, business and communities: 
 Recruitment : Increase the diversity of candidate slates and hires for all roles, with a specific focus on increasing representation of racially diverse associates at the director level and above. 
 Education and Development : Provide culturally significant learning, professional development and growth opportunities for all associates. 
 Engagement and Retention : Foster a culture of inclusion that engages associates in meaningful opportunities to build community. 
 Business : Leverage the voices of diverse associates and internal and external relationships to improve the customer experience and ensure our marketing and product assortment resonates with our customers. 
 Supplier Diversity : Provide diverse companies sustainable, long-standing business opportunities through partnerships with us. 
 Community : Increase volunteerism and investment in organizations focused on racial equity, gender equity and social justice. 
 More than 90 of our corporate associates at the director level and above had completed DEI training as of January 28, 2023, which includes training on unconscious bias, equity and conscious inclusion. The training emphasizes both the Company s and associates responsibilities to build an inclusive culture at the Company and accountability for senior leaders. In addition, as of January 28, 2023, more than 95 of our corporate associates had completed our core DEI online learning module made available to new hires during their onboarding. To further strengthen our commitment to advancing DEI, under the leadership 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 of our Chief Executive Officer, we joined the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion in December 2022, pledging to cultivate environments that support open dialogue on complex DEI conversations and share DEI best practices. 
 We currently have eight associate Inclusion Resource Groups (up from five in 2021) that provide opportunities for associates to connect with one another around their shared passion for creating an inclusive workplace for all associates. These groups provide professional development for associates, support the needs of the business, help shape the culture of our Company and provide engagement and volunteerism in the community. The Inclusion Resource Group programming is open to all associates who identify with, or are allies of, the following groups: Hispanic and Latino; LGBTQIA+; Black and African American; Asian and Pacific Islander; entry level and early career professionals; associates with disabilities and caregivers; military and veteran community; and women. During 2022, we hosted 58 events with approximately 8,800 attendees, and our associates volunteered more than 4,000 hours of time to non-profits in the communities where our associates are based. 
 The Company was recognized by The Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index as a 2022 "Best Place to Work for LGBTQIA+ Equality." For the fifth year in a row, the Company received a perfect score on the index, which rates companies on detailed criteria in the following four areas: 
 Non-discrimination policies across business entities; 
 Equitable benefits for LGBTQIA+ workers and their families; 
 Supporting inclusive culture; and 
 Corporate social responsibility. 
 Most recently, Newsweek announced that the Company is considered one of America s Greatest Workplaces for Women in 2023. Companies are selected by those with the highest rankings on criteria such as compensation and benefits , work-life balance and proactive management of a diverse workforce. In addition, the Company was included on the Forbes Best Large Employer 2023 list. The ranking is determined by participants who rate their willingness to recommend their own employers to friends and family, followed by nominating organizations other than their own. We are also proud to be named a Diversity First Top 50 Company in 2023 by the Diversity Research Institute, which recognizes employers following extensive research and analysis into the racial and gender diversity of executive and board membership. 
 These designations are some of the ways we have been recognized for our ongoing commitment to DEI. 
 Commitment to Equitable and Competitive Wages 
 We are committed to equal opportunity and treatment for all associates which includes equal career advancement opportunities and equitable and competitive wages. Our commitment to pay equity is evaluated by conducting periodic assessments of pay equity based on gender, race and ethnicity. In addition, we evaluate fairness of total compensation with reference to both internal and external comparisons. 
 Our compensation programs are designed to link annual changes in compensation to overall Company performance, as well as each individual s contribution to the results achieved. Our pay for performance philosophy includes participation of our store leaders and all salaried associates in home office and distribution and fulfillment centers in our short-term cash incentive compensation program. In addition, our store leaders earn monthly bonuses based on performance. The emphasis on overall Company performance is intended to align the associates financial interests with the interests of our stockholders. 
 Commitment to Providing Quality Benefits 
 We offer competitive, performance-based compensation; a company-matched savings and retirement plan; and flexible and affordable health, wellness and lifestyle benefits. Subject to certain eligibility requirements, associates can choose benefits and resources that fit their lifestyle, including, but not limited to, 14 weeks paid maternity leave, six weeks paid paternity leave, mental health benefits, family planning benefits including fertility, adoption and surrogacy, expanded bereavement leave time, military leave, tuition assistance, free access to life planning services and a generous merchandise discount. 
 During 2022, we expanded our benefits with the addition of commuter benefits and a tobacco cessation program. In addition, we enhanced our associate stock purchase plan to allow associates to purchase Company stock at a discount. 
 Associate Engagement and Development 
 We are committed to investing in all our associates. During 2022, we conducted a survey of our home office workforce to assess associate engagement, culture, leadership communication and effectiveness, diversity and inclusion efforts, work-life balance and career development. In 2022, 87 of associates responded to the survey with an 84 favorable engagement rate. Leaders created action plans that were incorporated into their annual goals in response to input received via the survey. 
 We provide diverse learning opportunities and challenging work experiences. We believe that associates can reach their career goals through multiple roles, career paths and locations. We offer a variety of enrichment experiences for those joining us as interns, new graduates, in mid-career or as a capstone to a career. Examples include: 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Leadership Development : Courses for associates in management positions to build critical skills and grow as effective leaders. 
 Merchant-in-Training Program : Immersive program to learn the profession both on the job and from experts in the classroom. 
 Onboarding : Dedicated time to learn the business and to form important relationships for mentoring and development. 
 Tuition Assistance : Reimbursement of 100 of eligible tuition expenses, up to 3,000 per calendar year. 
 English as a Second Language Classes: A new offering for our distribution center associates, many of whom have English as a second language. 
 Maintenance Technician Training: A new offering for our distribution center associates to build skills to aid in career advancement. 
 Safety Is Our Priority 
 We are committed to providing all of our associates a healthy and safe working environment and for protecting the safety of our customers. Our health and safety programs are designed to meet or exceed regulatory requirements for the various industry sectors of our business and in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 Code of Conduct 
 We have a written Code of Conduct that is based on our values and is a resource which establishes standards for employee conduct that reinforces the Company's commitment to integrity and ethical conduct. We conduct an annual Code of Conduct compliance process that requires associates to complete a Code of Conduct disclosure and a separate training course. 
 We maintain an Ethics Hotline, operated by a third-party, 24 hours a day, seven days a week where associates may anonymously report potential instances of unethical conduct and potential violations of law or Company policies. 
 Available Information 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and its rules and regulations. The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . 
 Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available, free of charge, on our website at www . bbwinc.com . Our website and information included in or linked to our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Copies of any of the above-referenced documents will also be made available, free of charge, upon written request to: 
 Bath Body Works, Inc. 
 Investor Relations Department 
 Three Limited Parkway 
 Columbus, Ohio 43230 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 We caution that any forward-looking statements (as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) contained in this report or made by our Company or our management involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly, our future performance and financial results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in any such forward-looking statements. Words such as estimate, project, plan, believe, expect, anticipate, intend, planned, potential, "target," "goal" and any similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements. Risks associated with the following factors, among others, in some cases have affected and in the future could affect our financial performance and actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements included in this report or otherwise made by our Company or our management: 
 general economic conditions, inflation, consumer confidence, consumer spending patterns and market disruptions including pandemics or significant health hazards, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises or other major events, or the prospect of these events; 
 the seasonality of our business; 
 the anticipated benefits from the Victoria's Secret Co. spin-off may not be realized; 
 the spin-off of Victoria s Secret Co. may not be tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 our dependence on Victoria's Secret Co. for information technology services and the transition of such services to our own information technology systems or to those of third-party technology service providers; 
 our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified associates and manage labor-related costs; 
 difficulties arising from turnover in Company leadership or other key positions; 
 the dependence on store traffic and the availability of suitable store locations on appropriate terms; 
 our continued growth in part through new store openings and existing store remodels and expansions; 
 our ability to successfully operate and expand internationally and related risks; 
 our independent franchise, license and wholesale partners; 
 our direct channel business; 
 our ability to protect our reputation and our brand image; 
 our ability to successfully complete environmental, social and governance initiatives, and associated costs thereof; 
 our ability to successfully achieve expected annual cost savings in connection with our profit optimization efforts to reduce expenses and improve operating efficiency in the business; 
 our ability to attract customers with marketing, advertising and promotional programs; 
 our ability to maintain, enforce and protect our trade names, trademarks and patents; 
 the highly competitive nature of the retail industry and the segments in which we operate; 
 consumer acceptance of our products and our ability to manage the life cycle of our brand, develop new merchandise and launch new product lines successfully; 
 our ability to source, distribute and sell goods and materials on a global basis, including risks related to: 
 political instability, wars and other armed conflicts, environmental hazards or natural disasters; 
 significant health hazards or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which could result in closed factories and/or stores, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials, and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in impacted areas; 
 duties, taxes and other charges; 
 legal and regulatory matters; 
 volatility in currency exchange rates; 
 local business practices and political issues; 
 delays or disruptions in shipping and transportation and related pricing impacts; 
 disruption due to labor disputes; and 
 changing expectations regarding product safety due to new legislation; 
 our geographic concentration of vendor and distribution facilities in central Ohio; 
 our reliance on a limited number of suppliers to support a substantial portion of our inventory purchasing needs; 
 the ability of our vendors to deliver products in a timely manner, meet quality standards and comply with applicable laws and regulations; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 fluctuations in product input costs; 
 fluctuations in energy costs; 
 our ability to adequately protect our assets from loss and theft; 
 increases in the costs of mailing, paper, printing or other order fulfillment logistics; 
 claims arising from our self-insurance; 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 our and our third-party service providers , including Victoria s Secret Co. during the term of the Transition Services Agreement between us and Victoria s Secret Co., ability to implement and maintain information technology systems and to protect associated data; 
 our ability to maintain the security of customer, associate, third-party and Company information; 
 stock price volatility; 
 our ability to pay dividends and make share repurchases under share repurchase authorizations; 
 shareholder activism matters; 
 our ability to maintain our credit ratings; 
 our ability to service or refinance our debt and maintain compliance with our restrictive covenants; 
 the impact of the transition from London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and our ability to adequately manage such transition; 
 our ability to comply with laws, regulations and technology platform rules or other obligations related to data privacy and security; 
 our ability to comply with regulatory requirements; 
 legal and compliance matters; and 
 tax, trade and other regulatory matters. 
 We are not under any obligation and do not intend to make publicly available any update or other revisions to any of the forward-looking statements contained in this report to reflect circumstances existing after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of future events even if experience or future events make it clear that any expected results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements will not be realized. 
 The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding any statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other filings or in any other discussions of our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, the reader should carefully consider the following factors which could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. The risks described below are not our only risks. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known or that are currently deemed to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows in a material way. 
 Risks related to our business: 
 Our net sales, profit results and cash flows are sensitive to, have been affected by and may in the future be further impacted by, general economic conditions, inflation, consumer confidence, customer spending patterns, significant health hazards or pandemics, weather or other market disruptions. 
 Our net sales, profit, cash flows and future growth may be affected by negative local, regional, national or international political or economic trends or developments that reduce consumers ability or willingness to spend. These risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political, financial or social instability or conditions, geopolitical events, corruption, anti-American sentiment, social and ethnic unrest, military conflicts and terrorism, as well as changes in general economic conditions (including unemployment levels, inflation and the recent market volatility and instability in the banking sector). For example, the U.S. economy is being negatively impacted by high inflation rates, which have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact consumer demand. In addition, market disruptions due to natural disasters, significant health hazards or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, or other major events or the prospect of these events could also impact consumer spending and confidence levels. Extreme weather conditions in the areas in which our stores are located, particularly in markets where we have multiple stores, or in the Columbus, Ohio region where most of our distribution centers are located, could adversely affect our business. During periods when economic or market conditions are unsettled or weak, purchases of our products have declined, and may in the future decline. In such circumstances, we have increased, and may in the future continue to increase, the number of promotional sales, which, when combined with inflationary cost pressures, have negatively affected our merchandise margin rates and, in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our net sales, operating income, cash and inventory levels fluctuate on a seasonal basis. 
 We experience major seasonal fluctuations in our net sales and operating income, with a significant portion of our operating income typically realized during the fourth quarter holiday season. Any decrease in sales or margins during this period could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Seasonal fluctuations also affect our cash and inventory levels, since we usually order merchandise in advance of peak selling periods and sometimes before new trends are confirmed by customer purchases. We must carry a significant amount of 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 inventory, especially before the holiday season selling period. If we are not successful in selling inventory, we may have to sell the inventory at significantly reduced prices or may not be able to sell the inventory at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits from the Separation, which could harm our business. 
 On August 2, 2021, we completed the separation of the Bath Body Works and Victoria s Secret businesses. We may incur significant additional expenses and challenges in connection with the separation of the Victoria s Secret business, which may include expenses and challenges related to our separation from the Victoria s Secret information technology environment. We are now a smaller and less diversified business than before the Separation, which could make us more vulnerable to changing market and economic conditions. Additionally, a potential loss of synergies from the Separation could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the Separation and the anticipated benefits of the Separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect. If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits expected to result from the Separation, or if such benefits are delayed, our business could be harmed. 
 The Separation could result in substantial tax liability to us and our stockholders. 
 We received an opinion of counsel to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the spin-off and certain related transactions qualify for tax-free treatment under certain sections of the Internal Revenue Code. However, the opinion relies on certain assumptions, representations and undertakings, including those relating to the past and future conduct of our business, and the opinion would not be valid if such assumptions, representations and undertakings were incorrect. Furthermore, the opinion is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") or the courts. If, notwithstanding receipt of the opinion, the spin-off or certain related transactions are determined to be taxable, we would be subject to a substantial tax liability. In addition, if the spin-off is taxable, each holder of our common stock who received shares of Victoria's Secret Co. common stock in connection with the spin-off would generally be treated as receiving a taxable dividend in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares received. 
 Even if the spin-off otherwise qualifies as a tax-free transaction, the distribution would be taxable to us (but not to our stockholders) in certain circumstances if future significant acquisitions of our stock or the stock of Victoria's Secret Co. are determined to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that included the spin-off. In this event, the resulting tax liability could be substantial. In connection with the spin-off, we entered into a Tax Matters Agreement with Victoria's Secret Co., pursuant to which Victoria's Secret Co. agreed to not enter into any transaction that could cause the spin-off or any related transactions to be taxable to us without our consent and to indemnify us for any tax liability resulting from any such transaction. In addition, these potential tax liabilities may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of us. 
 Victoria s Secret Co. continues to provide certain information technology services to us on a transitional basis as we continue to establish and transform our own information technology systems and transition certain technology services to third-party information technology service providers. We may incur costs that significantly exceed our current expectations in connection with the transition of these services to us and third parties and the transformation of our information technology capabilities. Any inadequacy, interruption, integration failure or security failure of this technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business. 
 Our ability to effectively manage and operate our business depends significantly on information technology systems. We rely heavily on applications related to point-of-sale, e-commerce, merchandising, planning, sourcing, logistics, inventory management, data security and support systems including human resources and finance currently supplied to us by Victoria s Secret Co. pursuant to our Transition Services Agreement with Victoria s Secret Co. that we entered into in connection with the Separation. Victoria s Secret Co. is not in the business of providing information technology outsourcing services and does not have experience providing such services for third parties. Victoria's Secret Co. may not successfully execute all of these services during the transition period. Further, we may have to expend significant efforts and/or costs materially in excess of those estimated by us to transition such services to our information technology systems or to those of our third-party technology service providers and transform our information technology capabilities to support our omnichannel strategy. We may also experience delays in connection with the transition of such services. Any interruption in, or deficiency of, these services could have a negative impact on our information technology systems or our internal controls over financial reporting or otherwise cause a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may be impacted by our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified associates and manage labor-related costs. 
 We believe one of our competitive advantages is providing positive, engaging and satisfying experiences for our customers, which requires us to have highly trained, engaged and diverse associates. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, develop and retain a sufficient number of qualified associates, including store personnel and talented merchants. The turnover rate in the retail industry is generally high, and qualified individuals of the requisite caliber and number needed to fill these 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 positions may be in short supply in some areas. Competition for such qualified individuals or changes in labor and healthcare laws could require us to incur higher labor costs. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals in the future may delay planned openings of new stores or affect the speed with which we expand. Delayed store openings, significant increases in associate turnover rates or significant increases in labor-related costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In recent years, multiple retailers have faced unionization campaigns from their workers. If we are subject to a unionization campaign from our associates, we would incur significant expenses in the form of legal and consulting fees and potentially be subject to negative publicity that could significantly disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 An increase in the costs of associate wages, benefits and insurance (including workers compensation, general liability, property and health) could adversely affect our operating results. In particular, labor shortages and the current competitive labor market have increased competition for qualified associates, which has compelled, and may continue to compel, us to pay higher wages to attract or retain qualified associates. Such increases in costs may result from general economic or competitive conditions or from government imposition of higher minimum wages at the federal, state or local level, including in connection with the increases in state minimum wages that have recently been enacted by various states. Moreover, there may be a long-term trend toward higher wages in developing markets. Any increase in such operating expenses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Turnover in Company leadership or other key positions, and our ability to attract and retain new talent, may have an adverse impact on Company performance. 
 We may experience changes in key leadership or key positions in the future. The departure of key leadership personnel can result in the loss of significant knowledge and experience. This loss of knowledge and experience can be mitigated through successful hiring and transition, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such efforts. Attracting and retaining qualified senior leadership may be more challenging under adverse business conditions. Failure to attract and retain the right talent or to smoothly manage the transition of responsibilities resulting from such turnover could affect our ability to meet our challenges and may cause us to miss performance objectives or financial targets or disrupt our relationships with our customers, vendors or other third parties. 
 Our net sales depend on a volume of traffic to our stores and the availability of suitable lease space. 
 Most of our stores are located in retail shopping areas including malls and other types of retail centers. Sales at these stores are derived, in part, from the volume of consumer traffic in those retail areas. Our stores benefit from the ability of the retail center and other attractions in an area, including destination retail stores, to generate consumer traffic in the vicinity of our stores. Sales volume and retail traffic may be adversely affected by factors that we cannot control, such as economic downturns, including due to inflationary pressures, or changes in consumer demographics in a particular area, consumer trends away from brick-and-mortar retail toward online shopping, competition from internet and other retailers and other retail areas where we do not have stores, significant health hazards or pandemics, the closing of other stores or the decline in popularity or safety in the shopping areas where our stores are located and the deterioration in the financial condition of the operators or developers of the shopping areas in which our stores are located. 
 Part of our future growth is significantly dependent on our ability to operate stores in desirable locations with capital investment and lease costs providing the opportunity to earn a reasonable return. We cannot be sure as to when or whether such desirable locations will become available at reasonable costs. Additionally, we are dependent upon the suitability of the lease spaces that we currently use. The leases that we enter into are generally noncancelable leases with initial terms of 10 years. If we determine that it is no longer economical to operate a store and decide to close it, we may remain obligated under the applicable lease for, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. 
 These risks could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our continued growth and success depends in part on new store openings and existing store remodels and expansions. 
 Our continued growth and success depends in part on our ability to open and operate new, primarily off-mall stores and expand and remodel existing stores on a timely and profitable basis. Accomplishing our new and existing store expansion goals will depend upon a number of factors, including the ability to partner with developers and landlords to obtain suitable sites for new and expanded stores at acceptable costs and on acceptable timelines, the hiring and training of qualified personnel and the integration of new stores into existing operations. There can be no assurance we will be able to achieve our store expansion goals, manage our growth effectively, successfully integrate the planned new stores into our operations or operate our new, remodeled and expanded stores profitably. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Our international operations and our plans for international expansion include risks that could impact our results and reputation. 
 We intend to continue to operate internationally and further expand into international markets, including through partner arrangements. The risks associated with international markets include, among others, difficulties in attracting customers due to a lack of customer familiarity with our brand, our lack of familiarity with local customer preferences, cultures or religious norms and seasonal differences in the international markets. Any of these difficulties may lead to disruption in the overall timing of our international expansion efforts and increased costs. Further, entry into other markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with an established market presence in such markets. Other risks include general economic conditions in specific countries or markets, reliance on franchise and other partners that we do not control, volatility in the geopolitical landscape, restrictions on the repatriation of funds held internationally, disruptions or delays in shipments, occurrence of significant health hazards or pandemics, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships, political instability and foreign governmental regulation. Such expansions will also have upfront investment costs that may not be accompanied by sufficient revenues to achieve expected operational and financial performance. 
 Further, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. See Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact our financial condition and results of operations below. 
 These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our licensees, franchisees and wholesalers could take actions that could harm our business or brand images. 
 We have global representation through digital sites and stores independently owned and/or operated by our franchise partners. Although we have criteria to evaluate and select prospective partners, the level of control we can exercise over our partners is limited, and the quality and success of their operations may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control. For example, our partners may not have the business acumen or financial resources necessary to successfully operate stores in a manner consistent with our standards and may not hire and train qualified store managers and other personnel. Further, we have no control as to whether our partners comply with applicable laws and regulations in the international markets in which they operate. Our brand image and reputation may suffer materially, and our sales could decline, if our partners do not operate successfully. These risks could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our direct channel business includes risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results. 
 Our direct channel (also referred to as digital or e-commerce) is subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Such risks include, but are not limited to, the difficulty in recreating the in-store experience through our direct channels; domestic or international resellers purchasing merchandise and reselling it outside our control; our ability to anticipate and implement innovations in technology and logistics in order to appeal to existing and potential customers who increasingly rely on multiple channels to meet their shopping needs; and the failure of and risks related to the systems that operate our and our third-party partners' web infrastructure, websites and the related support systems, including computer viruses, malware (including, without limitation, ransomware), unauthorized access to and theft of customer information, privacy violations, information technology and vendor system failures, electronic break-ins, disruption of critical services caused by security threats and similar disruptions. 
 Our failure to maintain efficient and uninterrupted order-taking and fulfillment operations could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We utilize third-party service providers for order management and for a majority of our fulfillment services. If these third-party service providers do not maintain efficient and uninterrupted service, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, merchandise delivery delays, loss of sales, stranded inventory, cancellation charges or excessive promotional activity to clear inventory. Further, we may have difficulty replacing these third-party service providers and there can be no assurance we can do so in a timely manner or on terms favorable to us. The satisfaction of our direct channel customers depends on their timely receipt of merchandise. If we encounter difficulties with the distribution facilities, or if the facilities were to shut down for any reason, including as a result of a pandemic, fire, natural disaster or work stoppage, we could face shortages of inventory; we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our customers; we could face regulatory scrutiny; and our customer may be dissatisfied. 
 Any of these issues could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand image. 
 Our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to our brand image. Our reputation could be jeopardized if we fail to maintain high standards for store and merchandise quality and integrity. Any negative publicity, including information publicized through traditional or social media platforms and similar venues such as blogs, websites and other forums, may affect our reputation and brand and, consequently, reduce demand for our merchandise, even if such publicity is unverified or inaccurate. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Failure to comply with or the perception that the Company has failed to comply with ethical, social, product, labor, privacy, systems and data security and environmental standards, or related political considerations, could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions, including boycotts. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls, to maintain the security of customer, associate, third-party and company information or to provide accurate and timely financial statement information could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence for any of these or other reasons could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 
 Our ability, or perceived inability, to complete environmental, social and governance ("ESG") initiatives may have a material adverse effect on our reputation. 
 There has been an increased focus, including from investors and other stakeholders, the general public and U.S. and foreign governmental and nongovernmental organizations, on ESG initiatives, including with respect to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, packaging and waste, diversity, equity and inclusion, worker pay and benefits, human rights, sustainable supply chain practices, animal health and welfare, deforestation and land, energy and water use. As part of our ongoing efforts, we maintain an ESG function to provide direction and coordinate ESG work throughout the Company. We anticipate increased public, regulatory and investor pressure to expand our disclosures in these areas, make further commitments, set additional targets or establish additional goals and take actions to meet them, which could expose us to market, operational, regulatory, legal and execution costs or risks. The metrics we disclose, whether they are based on the standards we set for ourselves or those set by others, may influence our reputation and the value of our brand. Our failure to achieve progress on our metrics and successfully achieve our targets and goals on a timely basis, or at all, could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. By electing to set and share publicly these metrics, targets and goals and expand upon our disclosures, our business may also face increased scrutiny related to ESG activities. As a result, we could damage our reputation and the value of our brand if we fail to act responsibly. Any harm to our reputation resulting from setting these metrics, targets and goals or expanding our disclosure or our failure, or perceived failure, to meet such metrics, targets and goals could adversely affect our business, financial performance and growth. 
 We could also be affected by the physical effects of climate change and other environmental issues, to the extent such issues adversely affect the general economy, adversely impact our supply chain or our stores or increase the costs of our products and other supplies needed for our operations. In addition, future domestic and international legislative and regulatory efforts to combat climate change or other environmental considerations could result in increased regulation and additional taxes and other expenses in a manner that adversely affects our business, financial performance and growth. 
 We may not realize the anticipated benefits from our enterprise-wide profit optimization efforts to reduce expenses and improve operating efficiency in the business. 
 In February 2023, we announced that we are undertaking enterprise-wide profit optimization efforts to reduce expenses and improve operating efficiency in the business. We recently engaged external advisors to assist in a comprehensive analysis of margin expansion and expense reduction opportunities with the goal of positioning the business for improved profitability. The estimated cost savings associated with this effort are preliminary and may vary materially based on various factors including: time to execute these efforts and changes in management's assumptions and projections, which may be caused by a change in customer behavior due to macroeconomic conditions or otherwise. As a result of these events and circumstances, delays and unexpected costs may occur, which could result in our not realizing all, or any, of the anticipated benefits of these efforts. 
 If our marketing, advertising and promotional programs are unsuccessful, or if our competitors are more effective with their programs than we are, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 
 Customer traffic and demand for our merchandise are influenced by our advertising, marketing and promotional activities, the name recognition and reputation of our brand and the location of and service offered in our stores and through our direct business. Although we use marketing, advertising and promotional programs to attract customers through various media, including social media, websites, mobile applications, email and print, some of our competitors may expend more for their programs than we do or use different approaches than we do, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. Our programs may not be effective or could require increased expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to adequately maintain, enforce and protect our trade names, trademarks and patents could have an impact on our brand image and ability to penetrate new markets. 
 We believe that our trade names, trademarks and patents are important assets and an essential element of our strategy. We have obtained or applied for federal registration of these trade names, trademarks and patents and have applied for or obtained registrations in many foreign countries. There can be no assurance that we will obtain such applied for registrations or that the registrations we obtain will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement or other violation of our intellectual property 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 rights by others. In particular, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. If any third party copies our products, our or our partners' websites or our or our partners' stores in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, it could have a material adverse effect on our brand image and reputation as well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Third parties may assert rights in or ownership of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights, or trademarks that are similar to our trademarks, or claim that we are infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating their intellectual property rights. We may be unable to successfully resolve these types of conflicts to our satisfaction and may be required to enter into costly license agreements, be required to pay significant royalties, settlement costs or damages, be required to rebrand our products and/or be prevented from selling some of our products. 
 Our ability to compete favorably in our highly competitive segments of the retail industry could impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The retail industry is highly competitive. We compete for sales with a broad range of other retailers, including individual and chain specialty stores, department stores and discount retailers. In addition to the traditional store-based retailers, we also compete with direct marketers or retailers that sell similar lines of merchandise and who target customers through online channels. Brand image, marketing, design, price, service, assortment, quality, image presentation and fulfillment are all competitive factors in both the store-based and online channels. 
 Some of our competitors may have greater financial, marketing and other resources available and trends across our product categories may favor our competitors. We rely to a greater degree than some of our competitors on physical locations in retail centers. Therefore, declines in traffic to such locations may affect us more significantly than our competitors. Some of our competitors sell their products in stores that are located in the same retail centers as our stores. In addition to competing for sales, we compete for favorable site locations and lease terms in retail centers. 
 Increased competition, combined with declines in store and/or direct channel traffic, could result in price reductions, increased marketing expenditures and loss of pricing power and market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our ability to manage the life cycles of our brand and to remain current with trends and launch new product lines successfully could impact the image and relevance of our brand. 
 Our success depends in part on management s ability to effectively manage the life cycles of our brand, to anticipate and respond to changing preferences and consumer demands and to translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product offerings in advance of the actual time of sale to the customer. We are dependent on certain product categories, and a decline in customer demand in these product categories could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Customer demands and trends change rapidly. If we are unable to successfully anticipate, identify or react to changing preferences or trends or we misjudge the market for our products or any new product lines, our sales will be lower, potentially resulting in significant amounts of unsold inventory. In response, we may be forced to increase our marketing promotions or price markdowns and potentially discontinue a product line. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our brand image and reputation as well as our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may be impacted by our ability to adequately source, distribute and sell merchandise and other materials on a global basis. 
 We source merchandise and other materials directly in domestic and international markets. We distribute merchandise and other materials globally to our partners in international locations and to our stores. Many of our imports and exports are subject to a variety of customs regulations and international trade arrangements, including existing or potential duties, tariffs or safeguard quotas. We also compete with other companies for production facilities. 
 We also face a variety of other risks generally associated with doing business on a global basis. For example: 
 political instability, geopolitical conflict, including the war between Russia and Ukraine, environmental hazards or natural disasters which could negatively affect international economies, financial markets and business activity; 
 significant health hazards or pandemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which could result in closed factories, distribution centers and/or stores, reduced workforces, scarcity of raw materials and scrutiny or embargoing of goods produced in infected areas; 
 imposition of new or retaliatory trade duties, sanctions or taxes and other charges on imports or exports; 
 evolving, new or complex legal and regulatory matters; 
 volatility in currency exchange rates; 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 local business practice and political issues (including issues relating to compliance with domestic or international labor standards) which may result in adverse publicity or threatened or actual adverse consumer actions, including boycotts; 
 delays or disruptions in shipping and transportation and related pricing impacts; 
 disruption due to labor disputes; and 
 changing expectations regarding product safety due to new legislation or other factors. 
 Certain goods that we import are sourced from third-party suppliers in China. Our ability to successfully import such materials may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. laws. For example, in December 2021, the U.S. Congress passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), which imposed a presumptive ban on the import of goods to the U.S. that are made, wholly or in part, in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China XUAR or by persons that participate in certain programs in the XUAR that entail the use of forced labor. U.S. Customs and Border Protection CBP has published both a list of entities that are known to utilize forced labor, and a list of commodities that are most at risk, such as cotton, tomatoes and silica-based products. Although none of our Chinese suppliers are located in the XUAR, we do not currently have full visibility to the entirety of each supplier's separate supply chains to be able to ensure that the raw materials or other inputs they use to manufacture their goods are not produced in the XUAR. As a result of the UFLPA, materials we import into the U.S. could be held by the CBP based on a suspicion that inputs used in such materials originated from the XUAR or that they may have been produced by Chinese suppliers accused of participating in forced labor, pending our providing satisfactory evidence to the contrary. Among other consequences, such an outcome could result in negative publicity that harms our brand and reputation and could result in a delay or complete inability to import such materials, which could result in inventory shortages and greater supply chain compliance costs. 
 We also rely upon third-party transportation providers for substantially all of our product shipments, including shipments to and from our distribution centers, to our stores and to our customers. Our utilization of these delivery services for shipments is subject to risks, including increases in labor costs and fuel prices, which would increase our shipping costs, and associate strikes and inclement weather, which may impact our transportation providers ability to provide delivery services that adequately meet our shipping needs. Further, the rapid increase in demand for online shopping has led to increased pressure on the capacity of our fulfillment network. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains and created significant volatility of financial markets. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have the potential to significantly impact our supply chain if the factories that manufacture our products, the distribution centers where we manage our inventory, or the operations of our logistics and other service providers are disrupted, are temporarily closed or experience worker shortages. For instance, the COVID-19 pandemic previously caused, and may in the future cause, vessel, container and other transportation shortages, labor shortages and port congestion globally, which delayed, and may in the future delay, inventory orders and, in turn, deliveries to our customers and availability in our or our partners stores and e-commerce sites. Further, disruptions or delays in shipments may have negative impacts to pricing of certain components of our products. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 on macroeconomic conditions may impact the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices and interest rates. 
 We rely on a number of vendor and distribution facilities located in the same vicinity, making our business susceptible to local and regional disruptions or adverse conditions. 
 To achieve the necessary speed and agility in producing our products, we rely heavily on vendor and distribution facilities in close proximity to our headquarters in Central Ohio. As a result of geographic concentration of many of the vendor and distribution facilities that we rely upon, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, demographic and population changes and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Any significant interruption in the operations of these facilities could lead to inventory issues, increased costs or interruptions to our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 A change in the relationship with our key vendors could have a material effect on our business. 
 We rely on a limited number of vendors to support our inventory purchasing needs. In 2022, our largest vendor supplied approximately 13 of our total merchandise purchases and our largest five vendors supplied approximately 38 of our total merchandise purchases on a combined basis. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our vendors and on our vendors ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and on other favorable terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these vendors to sell us products on favorable terms. For example, financial or operational difficulties that our vendors may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source products from them. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 We may be impacted by our vendors ability to manufacture and deliver products in a timely manner, meet quality standards and comply with applicable laws and regulations. 
 We purchase products from third-party vendors. Factors outside our control, such as production issues, shipping delays, quality problems or natural disasters, could disrupt merchandise deliveries and result in lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns. 
 In addition, quality problems could result in product liability judgments or widespread product recalls that may negatively impact our sales and profitability for a period of time depending on product availability, reaction of competitors and consumer attitudes. Even if product liability claims are unsuccessful or are not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertions could adversely impact our reputation with existing and potential customers and our brand image. 
 Our business could also suffer if our third-party vendors fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. While our internal and vendor operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our associates and third-party compliance auditors visit and monitor the operations of our third-party vendors, we do not control these vendors or their practices. Violations of labor, environmental or other laws by third-party vendors used by us or the divergence of a third-party vendor s or partner s labor or environmental practices from those generally accepted as ethical or appropriate could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. 
 These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, our royalty arrangements are calculated based on sales in local currency and, as such, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Although we use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these measures may not succeed in offsetting all of the short-term negative impacts of foreign currency rate movements on our business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Hedging would generally not be effective in offsetting the long-term impact of sustained shifts in foreign exchange rates on our business results. As a result, the fluctuation in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our results may be affected by fluctuations in product input costs. 
 Product input costs, including freight, labor and raw materials, fluctuate subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand or other external conditions, such as inflationary conditions, weather and climate conditions, geopolitical conflicts and wars, energy costs, natural events or disasters, taxes and tariffs (including as a result of trade disputes), industry demand, labor shortages, transportation issues, fuel costs, product recalls, governmental regulation and other factors, all of which are beyond our control and in many instances are unpredictable. These factors may result in an increase in our product input costs. We may not be able to, or may elect not to, fully pass these increases on to our customers which may adversely impact our profit margins. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our results may be affected by fluctuations in energy costs. 
 Energy costs have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future due to changes in factors beyond our control, such as weather and climate conditions or natural events or disasters, taxes and tariffs (including as a result of trade disputes), industry demand, high demand for renewable energy, inflationary conditions, labor shortages, transportation issues, fuel costs, geopolitical conflicts and wars, governmental regulation and other factors. These fluctuations may result in an increase in our transportation costs for distribution, utility costs for our retail stores, distribution centers and other Company locations and costs to purchase products from our manufacturers. A continual rise in energy costs could adversely affect consumer spending and demand for our products and increase our operating costs, both of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Our results may be impacted by our ability to adequately protect our assets from loss and theft. 
 Our assets are subject to loss, including those caused by illegal or unethical conduct by associates, customers, vendors, partners or unaffiliated third parties. We experience events that cause inventory shrinkage, and we cannot assure that incidences of loss and theft will decrease in the future or that the measures we are taking will effectively reduce these losses. Higher rates of loss 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 or increased security costs to combat theft could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may be impacted by increases in the cost of mailing, paper, printing or other order fulfillment logistics. 
 Postal rate increases and paper and printing costs will affect the cost of our order fulfillment and promotional mailings. We rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting. Future paper and postal rate increases could adversely impact our earnings if we are unable to recover these costs or if we are unable to implement more efficient printing, mailing, delivery and order fulfillment systems. We may face unexpected costs in transportation, warehousing or other logistics-related services. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We self-insure certain risks and may be impacted by unfavorable claims experience. 
 We are self-insured for various types of insurable risks including associate medical benefits, workers compensation, property, general liability and automobile, up to certain stop-loss limits. Claims are difficult to predict and may be volatile. Any adverse claims experience could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We significantly rely on our and our third-party service providers', including Victoria's Secret Co., ability to implement and sustain information technology systems and to protect associated data and system availability. 
 Our success depends, in part, on the secure and uninterrupted performance of our and our third-party service providers' and vendors' information technology systems. Our information technology systems, as well as those of our service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to damage, interruption, service availability or breach from a variety of sources, including cyberattacks, ransomware attacks, telecommunication failures, malicious human acts and natural disasters. Moreover, despite maintaining comprehensive measures, some of our systems, e-commerce environments and servers and those of our service providers and vendors are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, malware (including, without limitation, ransomware), computer viruses and similar disruptive problems. Such incidents have disrupted, and could in the future further disrupt, our operations (whether directly or due to disruptions of our service providers and vendors operations) including our ability to timely ship and track product orders and project inventory requirements and lead to interruptions or delays in our supply chain. Additionally, these types of problems could result in an actual or perceived breach of confidential customer, merchandise, financial, associate or other important information (including personal information), which could result in damage to our reputation, costly litigation, customer complaints, negative publicity, breach notification obligations, regulatory or administrative sanctions, inquiries, orders or investigations, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach or penalties for violations of applicable laws or regulations. The increased use of smartphones, tablets and other mobile devices may also heighten these and other operational risks. Despite the precautions we have taken, unanticipated problems or events may nevertheless cause failures in, or unauthorized access to, our and our third-party service providers and vendors' information technology systems. Sustained or repeated system disruptions that interrupt our ability to process orders and deliver products to the stores or directly to our customers, impact our ability to process transactions in our stores, impact our customers ability to access our websites and mobile applications in a timely manner or expose confidential customer, merchandise, financial, associate or other important information (including personal information) could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are party to a multi-year Transition Services Agreement with Victoria's Secret Co. for certain information technology services and systems to support the day-to-day needs for most areas of technology. Over time, we will transition these information technology capabilities from Victoria's Secret Co. to implement point-of-sale, mobile applications, merchandising, planning, sourcing, logistics, inventory management, human resources and financial systems to the platforms of our other third-party service providers and vendors or on to our own platforms, some of which are yet to be established. 
 As systems are provided, supported and managed by Victoria's Secret Co. and transitioned to us or our third-party service providers or vendors, we are required to establish a number of new information technology systems as well as make hardware, software and code modifications and upgrades to certain existing information technology systems. The transition involves replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, acquiring new systems with new functionality and engaging with qualified third-party service providers and vendors to utilize their systems. We are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing and modifying our information technology systems as well as the risks of transitioning information technology services to third-party service providers and vendors, including in each case risks relative to data integrity, internal controls over financial reporting and system disruptions. Information technology system disruptions or data corruption, if not appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We use, and as part of the transition of information technology services from Victoria s Secret Co. will increasingly use, third-party service providers to store, transmit and otherwise process certain of this information on our behalf, and our third-party service providers are subject to cybersecurity and privacy risks similar to us. Due to applicable laws and regulations or 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for any cybersecurity incidents or privacy violations attributed to our service providers as they relate to the information we share with them or to which they are granted access. Although we contractually require these service providers to implement and maintain a standard of security (such as implementing reasonable measures) and comply with applicable law, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a security breach or privacy violation will not occur in connection with their systems and practices. 
 Any significant compromise or breach of our data security, including the security of customer, associate, third-party or Company information, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In the operation of our business, we collect, use, transmit and otherwise process a large volume of personal and other confidential, proprietary and sensitive information. Information systems are susceptible to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Breaches or failures of security involving our information systems, including those provided, managed and supported by Victoria's Secret Co., or those of any of our other third-party service providers have occurred, and in the future may occur. Any significant compromise or breach of our data security, media reports about such an incident, whether accurate or not, or our failure to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols, could significantly damage our reputation with our customers, associates, investors and other third parties, cause the disclosure of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive customer, associate, third-party or Company information, cause interruptions to our operations and distraction to our management, cause our customers to stop shopping with us, inhibit our ability to attract new customers and result in significant legal, regulatory and financial liabilities and lost revenues. Compounding these risks is the complexity of our information systems, which are a collection of our and our third-party service providers systems, and increased associated risks related to transitioning information systems from Victoria's Secret Co. to other third-party service providers and us. 
 While we train our associates, have implemented systems, processes and security measures to protect our physical facilities and information technology systems against unauthorized access and prevent data loss and vetted our third-party service providers' systems, processes and security measures, there is no guarantee that these procedures are adequate to safeguard against all data security threats to us or our third-party service providers. Despite these measures, we have been and may in the future be vulnerable to targeted or random attacks on our systems that could lead to security breaches, denial of service, vandalism, computer viruses, malware, ransomware, misplaced, corrupted or lost data, programming and/or human errors or similar events. Our systems and facilities (and the systems of our third-party service providers) are also subject to compromise from internal threats, such as theft, misuse, unauthorized access or other improper actions by associates, contractors and third-party service providers with otherwise legitimate access to our (or such third-party service providers') systems, websites, mobile applications or facilities (which risks may be heightened as a result of our associates working-from-home). Furthermore, because the methods of cyberattack and deception change frequently, are increasingly complex and sophisticated and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including nation-state actors, despite our reasonable efforts to ensure the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our systems, websites and mobile applications, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, detect, appropriately react and respond to or implement effective preventative measures against all cybersecurity incidents, and our third-party service providers may be subject to the same risks. 
 We have and may in the future be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against, respond to and recover from any potential, attempted or existing cybersecurity incidents. As cybersecurity incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful or may not be completed in a timely manner. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, there could be public announcements regarding any cybersecurity incidents and any steps we take to respond to or remediate such incidents, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these announcements to be negative, it could, among other things, have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 While we currently maintain cybersecurity insurance, such insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to breaches, violations of law, failures or other data security-related incidents, and we cannot be certain that cyber insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Risks related to our common stock: 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 Our stock price may fluctuate substantially as a result of variations in our actual or projected performance or the financial performance of other companies in the retail industry. Any guidance that we provide is based on goals that we believe are reasonably attainable at the time guidance is given. If, or when, we announce actual results that differ from those that have been predicted by us, outside investment analysts or others, our stock price could be adversely affected. Investors who rely on these predictions when making investment decisions with respect to our securities do so at their own risk. 
 The stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of listed companies. In particular, our common stock may in the future be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock, further influencing volatility in its market price. Public perception and other factors outside of our control may additionally impact the stock price of companies like us that garner a disproportionate degree of public attention, regardless of actual operating performance. 
 If we are unable to pay quarterly dividends or repurchase our shares at intended levels, our reputation and stock price may be impacted. 
 Quarterly cash dividends and share repurchase programs have historically been part of our capital allocation strategy. We are not required to declare dividends or make any share repurchases under our share repurchase programs in the future. For example, in 2020, we did not repurchase any of our shares, and we suspended our quarterly cash dividends due to the anticipated impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our Board will determine our future levels of dividend payments and share repurchase authorizations, if any, giving consideration to our levels of profit and cash flow, capital requirements, current and forecasted liquidity and the restrictions placed upon us by our borrowing arrangements, as well as financial and other conditions which may be beyond our control. Any reduction, or failure, to pay dividends or repurchase our shares after we have announced our intention to do so may negatively impact our reputation, investor confidence in us and our stock price. 
 Shareholder activism could cause us to incur significant expense, impact the execution of our business strategy and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Shareholder activism, which can take many forms and arise in a variety of situations, could result in substantial costs and divert our attention and resources from our business and our ability to execute our strategic plans. Additionally, such shareholder activism could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to our future, adversely affect our relationships with our associates, customers or service providers and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, we may be required to incur significant fees and other expenses related to activist shareholder matters, including for third-party advisors. Our stock price could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties of any shareholder activism. 
 Risks related to our indebtedness: 
 Our ability to maintain our credit ratings could affect our ability to access capital and could increase our interest expense. 
 The credit rating agencies periodically review our capital structure and the quality and stability of our earnings. A deterioration in our capital structure or the quality and stability of our earnings could result in a downgrade of our credit ratings. Any negative ratings actions could constrain the capital available to our Company or our industry and could limit our access to funding for our operations. We are dependent upon our ability to access capital at rates and on terms we determine to be attractive. If our ability to access capital becomes constrained, our interest costs will likely increase, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, changes to our credit ratings could affect our future interest costs. 
 We may be unable to service or refinance our debt or maintain compliance with restrictive covenants in our debt instruments, including our asset-backed revolving credit facility. 
 We currently have substantial indebtedness. Our asset-backed revolving credit facility (the "ABL Facility") contains a covenant and negative covenants that under certain circumstances require maintenance of a certain financial ratio and also, under certain conditions, restrict our ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares of our common stock and make other restricted payments as defined in the agreement. Our cash flow from operations provides the primary source of funds for our debt service payments. If our cash flow from operations declines, we may be unable to service or refinance our current debt. If we fail to comply with any covenant, including our financial covenant, it could result in an event of default and our lenders could terminate the commitments under our ABL Facility and make the entire debt incurred thereunder immediately due and payable, or we may be forced to sell assets, restructure our indebtedness or seek additional equity capital, which would dilute our stockholders interests. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 The interest rates on our credit facilities may be impacted by the phase-out of LIBOR and the transition to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). 
 Interest rates on U.S. borrowings under our ABL Facility are based on LIBOR. On July 27, 2017, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that administers LIBOR) announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR by the end of 2023. It remains unclear what rate or rates may develop as accepted alternatives to LIBOR or what the effect of such changes will be on the markets for LIBOR-based financial instruments. As of the date hereof, the current recommended replacement for USD-LIBOR is SOFR. While we currently do not have any borrowings outstanding under our ABL Facility, any transition away from LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the applicable interest rate is complex and will affect the cost of servicing any future debt under our ABL Facility. Although the ABL Facility provides for alternative base rates, the composition and characteristics of such alternative base rates are not the same as those of LIBOR, and the consequences of the phase-out of LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted at this time. 
 Risks related to law and regulation: 
 Changes in laws, regulations or technology platform rules relating to privacy and data security, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, or contractual or other obligations relating to privacy and data security, could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws, directives, industry standards and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to privacy and data security in the jurisdictions in which we operate and may in the future operate. The legal and regulatory environment related to privacy and data security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that the laws and regulations will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In the U.S., privacy and data protection are regulated at federal, state and local levels. Various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning privacy and data security and have prioritized privacy and data security violations for enforcement actions. Certain state laws are, and in the future may continue to be, more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which complicates compliance efforts and increases risks to our business. 
 These laws and regulations range from the sectoral variety (i.e., laws that govern specific practices, services or technologies) to omnibus laws (i.e., laws that comprehensively seek to govern all aspects of data processing practices). As an omnichannel retailer, we are subject to both. 
 In North America, we are subject to sectoral laws that impose different enforcement regimes, whether enforced by government agencies or class action litigants, with fines and statutory damages that can result in significant exposure when applied to large customer segments. Illustrative of the sectoral variety are laws that govern telephonic communications (e.g., the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act), email communications (e.g., the Federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act and Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation), the use of biometric technology (e.g., the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act), the printing of payment card numbers on certain transaction receipts (e.g., the Federal Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act), the use of call recordings (e.g., federal and state laws governing unlawful surveillance and consent for recordings), the collection of consumer information at retail point of sale (e.g., the California Song-Beverly Act), and the collection of driver s license information (e.g., state laws governing the scanning of government identification). 
 We are further subject to omnibus privacy and data protection laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA broadly governs data privacy practices, increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such consumers data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain disclosures of their personal information and the ability to access and delete personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of certain classifications of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. Furthermore, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA became effective on January 1, 2023. The CPRA imposes additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation, including by expanding California residents rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also created a new state agency that is vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and CPRA. Other states and countries have passed comprehensive data privacy laws that are similar to the CCPA and CPRA, further complicating the legal landscape, and similar bills are making their way through several state legislatures. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 consumers (and, in some cases, to regulators) of data breaches, which are when certain types of personal information have been accessed or acquired without authorization. State laws are changing rapidly, and there are deliberations in Congress regarding the text of a new comprehensive federal data privacy law to which we would become subject if it is enacted. Such a law could add complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk. Moreover, it could require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and result in increased compliance costs or changes in business practices and policies. 
 While most of our international operations are conducted through franchise, license and wholesale arrangements, we are also subject to certain international laws, regulations and standards in certain international jurisdictions and may be subject to additional international laws, regulations and standards, whether existing or enacted in the future, that apply broadly to the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer and other processing of personal information. In Canada, we are subject to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA as well as substantially similar provincial privacy laws. These privacy statutes broadly govern the entire lifecycle of personal information, enumerating principles that govern accountability; purpose; consent; limitations on collection, use, disclosure and retention; accuracy; safeguards; transparency; right to access and correct; and complaint-handling. Certain of the statutes also contain a mandatory breach notification regime. Canadian federal and provincial authorities enforce these laws. Privacy regulators have an express obligation to investigate complaints and have the authority to initiate investigations. Under PIPEDA, the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada has the power to require an organization to enter into a compliance agreement and failure to comply may result in a court order or court proceedings. A complainant may also appeal to Federal Court, and the court has broad authority including awarding damages. Similarly, the European Union's ("EU") General Data Protection Regulation GDPR greatly increased the European Commission s jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data. Further, the GDPR serves and has served as a model for other jurisdictions data protection laws, including without limitation, the U.K.'s Data Protection Act of 2018, which became law after the U.K. left the EU. Under the GDPR, EU member states have enacted certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and, depending on the extent and degree to which we conduct business in the European Economic Area EEA and U.K., potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EEA states and the U.K. governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data, and other international jurisdictions are expected to pass similar laws that may include even more stringent requirements. Changes in such international laws or changes in our business strategy such as direct expansions into additional jurisdictions may cause us to incur additional compliance costs, increase our risks of being subject to lawsuits, complaints and/or regulatory investigations or fines, or restrict our ability to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate or may in the future operate. Such international laws, and our compliance with such laws, could impact the manner in which we do business and the geographical location or segregation of our relevant operations and could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, investing in and implementing additional data protection technologies and other safeguards and training associates and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our partners to comply with any applicable federal, state or similar foreign laws and regulations relating to privacy and data security could result in damage to our reputation and our relationship with our customers, as well as proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or customers, including class action privacy and data-protection litigation in certain jurisdictions, which could subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties or judgments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may be impacted by our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements. 
 We are subject to numerous legal and regulatory requirements. Our policies, procedures and internal controls are designed to comply with all applicable foreign and domestic laws and regulations, including those required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, the SEC and the NYSE, among others. Although we have put in place policies and procedures aimed at ensuring legal and regulatory compliance, our associates, subcontractors, vendors, licensees, franchisees and other third parties could take actions that violate these laws and regulations. Any violations of such laws or regulations could have an adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 It can be difficult to comply with sometimes conflicting statutes or regulations in local, national or foreign jurisdictions as well as new or changing laws and regulations. Also, changes in such laws and regulations could make operating our business more expensive or require us to change the way we do business. For example, changes in product safety or other consumer protection laws could lead to increased costs for certain merchandise or additional labor costs associated with readying merchandise for 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 sale. We operate stores in all 50 states, Canada and Puerto Rico, which requires us to comply with a myriad of provincial, state and local laws pertaining to all aspects of our business, including our associates and consumers. The trend for states and localities in the United States to legislate in the absence of national laws passed by the U.S. Congress has greatly increased the complexity of legal compliance for us. It may be difficult for us to comply with these laws, compliance may be costly and compliance and associated costs may negatively impact our operations. 
 We may be adversely impacted by certain compliance or legal matters. 
 We, along with third parties we do business with, are subject to complex compliance and litigation risks. Actions filed against us from time to time include commercial, tort, intellectual property, tax, customer, employment, wage and hour, privacy, securities, anti-corruption and other claims, including purported class action lawsuits. The cost of defending against these types of claims against us or the ultimate resolution of such claims, whether by settlement or adverse court decision, may harm our business. Further, potential claimants may be encouraged to bring suits based on a settlement from us or adverse court decisions against us. We cannot currently assess the likely outcome of such suits, but if the outcome were negative, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 In addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and stockholders, that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may be impacted by changes in taxation, trade and other regulatory requirements. 
 We are subject to income tax in local, national and international jurisdictions. In addition, our products are subject to import and excise duties and/or sales or value-added taxes in many jurisdictions. We are also subject to the examination of our tax returns and other tax matters by the IRS and other tax authorities and governmental bodies. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. Fluctuations in tax rates and duties, changes in tax legislation or regulation or adverse outcomes of these examinations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 There is increased uncertainty with respect to tax policy and trade relations between the U.S. and other countries, including as a result of any executive action taken or legislative priorities set by the current U.S. presidential administration. Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the imposition of unilateral tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Company-operated 
 The following table provides the location, use and size of our Company-operated distribution, fulfillment, office and product development facilities as of January 28, 2023: 
 Location Use Approximate Square Footage Columbus, Ohio area Office, distribution and fulfillment centers and shipping facilities 4,951,000 Other North America Office and product development/design 69,000 
 We own five office, distribution center and shipping facilities located in the Columbus, Ohio area comprising approximately 3.9 million square feet. In addition, during Fall of 2022, we completed construction of a new 1.1 million square foot leased direct channel fulfillment center located near Columbus, Ohio. 
 We also lease various other office and product development/design locations in North America, primarily in New York. 
 As of January 28, 2023, we operated 1,693 and 109 retail stores located in leased facilities throughout the U.S. and Canada, respectively. A substantial portion of our U.S. store leases generally have an initial term of 10 years, while our Canadian store leases generally have initial terms of 5 to 10 years. Our store leases expire at various dates between 2023 and 2034. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Third-party Operated Fulfillment and Distribution Centers 
 We utilize six permanent third-party operated direct channel fulfillment centers in North America, comprising approximately 3.2 million square feet. We also utilize six third-party operated regional distribution centers in North America, comprising approximately 1.1 million square feet, that enable us to position inventory geographically closer to our customers. 
 International Partner-operated Stores 
 As of January 28, 2023, our partners operated 427 retail stores in more than 45 international countries. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 We are a defendant in a variety of lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. Actions filed against our Company from time to time include commercial, tort, intellectual property, tax, customer, employment, wage and hour, data privacy, securities, anti-corruption and other claims, including purported class action lawsuits. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the eventual outcome of any litigation, in the opinion of management, our current legal proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act Cases 
 We were named as a defendant in three putative class actions: Smidga, et al. v. Bath Body Works, LLC in the Allegheny County, Pennsylvania Court of Common Pleas; Dahlin v. Bath Body Works, LLC in the Santa Barbara County, California Superior Court; and Blanco v. Bath Body Works, LLC in the Cook County, Illinois Circuit Court. The complaints each allege that we violated the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act by printing more than the last five digits of credit or debit card numbers on customers receipts and, among other things, seek statutory damages, attorneys fees and costs. Each of these cases are in the preliminary stages of litigation. We believe that we have strong defenses to the claims and intend to continue to vigorously defend ourself against the allegations and do not believe that the resolution of the cases, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the NYSE. As of January 28, 2023, the Company had approximately 30,000 stockholders of record. However, including active associates who participate in our associate stock purchase plan, associates who own shares through our sponsored retirement plan and others holding shares in broker accounts under street names, we estimate the shareholder base as of January 28, 2023 to be approximately 222,000. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We paid a quarterly dividend of 0.20 per share during each quarter of 2022. Our Board will determine future dividends after giving consideration to our levels of profit and cash flow, capital requirements, current and forecasted liquidity, the restrictions placed upon us by our borrowing arrangements, the macroeconomic environment as well as financial and other conditions existing at the time. We use cash flow generated from operating and financing activities to fund our dividends. For additional discussion regarding our dividends, see "Liquidity and Capital Resources" included under Item 7. of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows the changes, over the past five-year period, in the value of 100 invested in our common stock, the Standard Poor s ("S P") 500 Composite Stock Price Index and the Standard Poor s 500 Retail Composite Index. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (a)(b) 
 AMONG BATH BODY WORKS, INC., THE S P 500 INDEX AND THE S P 500 RETAIL COMPOSITE INDEX 
 
 _______________ 
 (a) This table represents 100 invested in stock or in index at the closing price on February 3, 2018, including reinvestment of dividends. 
 (b) Stock prices prior to August 3, 2021 have been adjusted to give effect to the Victoria's Secret Co. spin-off. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Repurchases 
 The following table provides our repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 
 Fiscal Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (a) Average Price Paid per Share (b) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs (c) Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Programs (c) (in thousands) (in thousands) November 2022 5 33.07 187,775 December 2022 7 41.27 187,775 January 2023 2 43.72 187,775 Total 14 ________________ 
 (a) The total number of shares repurchased represent shares in connection with tax payments due upon vesting of associate restricted stock and performance share unit awards and the use of our stock to pay the exercise price on associate stock options. 
 (b) The average price paid per share includes any broker commissions. 
 (c) For additional share repurchase program information, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 The following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") as codified in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"). The following information should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Our operating results are generally impacted by economic changes and, therefore, we monitor the retail environment using, among other things, certain key industry performance indicators including competitor performance and store traffic data. These indicators can provide insight into consumer spending patterns and shopping behavior in the current retail environment and assist us in assessing our performance as well as the potential impact of industry trends on our future operating results. Additionally, we evaluate a number of key performance indicators including comparable sales, gross profit, operating income and other performance metrics such as sales per average selling square foot in assessing our performance. 
 On August 2, 2021, we completed the tax-free spin-off of our Victoria's Secret business, which included the Victoria's Secret and PINK brands, into an independent publicly traded company. Accordingly, the operating results of, and fees to separate, the Victoria's Secret business are reported in Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax in the Consolidated Statements of Income for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts, percentages and discussions reflect only the results of operations and financial condition of our continuing operations. 
 A discussion regarding our Financial Condition and Results of Operations for 2022 compared to 2021 (including the fourth quarter thereof) is presented below. A discussion regarding our Financial Condition and Results of Operations for 2021 compared to 2020 (including the fourth quarter thereof) can be found under Item 7. of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022. 
 Executive Overview 
 Fiscal 2022 was our first full-year as a standalone company following the separation of Bath Body Works and Victoria s Secret Co. in August 2021. During the year, we built on the past two years of growth, performing above pre-pandemic levels. Specifically, we focused on effectively navigating a challenging macroeconomic environment, controlling costs and improving efficiencies while accelerating investments in the business to drive our long-term growth and profitability and enhance stockholder value. We took the following actions to ensure the long-term profitability and success of our business: 
 Leveraged agility in our vertically integrated and predominantly domestic supply chain, effectively managing inventory, responding to customer preferences and chasing our best performing products. 
 Successfully launched our loyalty program nationwide in the U.S. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Assessed and reacted quickly to a dynamic and challenging macroeconomic environment that included significant inflationary pressures, labor shortages and global supply chain challenges. 
 Implemented purposeful changes to our organization to optimize our operations, costs and structure and improve our profitability. 
 Completed the construction of our first direct fulfillment distribution center, which we expect will provide us with additional capacity for our direct channel and enhanced fulfillment capabilities for our business. 
 Accelerated our information technology separation from Victoria s Secret Co. to support our long-term growth and profitability. 
 Expanded BOPIS availability to over 800 more Company-operated stores, ending the year with BOPIS capabilities in more than 1,300 stores. 
 Fiscal 2022 Overview 
 For 2022, Net Sales decreased 322 million, or 4 , to 7.560 billion, compared to 2021. In our stores and direct channels, Net Sales decreased 4 to 5.476 billion, and 8 to 1.745 billion, respectively. In the stores channel, the decrease was primarily related to a decline in average dollar sales, partially offset by the incremental Net Sales originating from new stores. In the direct channel, the decrease was primarily related to a decline in orders. In our international business, Net Sales increased 20 to 339 million primarily due to the increases in partner-operated stores and e-commerce sites. 
 For 2022, our Gross Profit decreased 600 million, or 16 , to 3.255 billion compared to 2021, and our Gross Profit rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased 580 basis points. These decreases were primarily related to a significant decline in our merchandise margin rate driven by continued inflationary cost pressures and increased promotional activity, and the decline in Net Sales. 
 For 2022, our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses increased 33 million, or 2 , to 1.879 billion compared to 2021, and our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) increased 150 basis points. These increases were primarily due to our strategic investments in technology, in connection with our information technology ("IT") separation, and in customer-facing associate wages. 
 Taking the above into account, for 2022 our Operating Income decreased 633 million, or 32 , to 1.376 billion compared to 2021, and our Operating Income rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased 730 basis points. 
 For additional information related to our 2022 financial performance, see Results of Operations 2022 Compared to 2021. 
 Fiscal 2023 Outlook 
 We expect ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty and customer price sensitivity in 2023. We expect fourth quarter 2022 sales trends to continue for the first half of 2023 and a moderate improvement in the back half of the year as we lap softening sales trends. We also expect inflationary cost pressures will continue in the first quarter and begin to moderate as we move through the year. In response, we will continue to test opportunities to increase our average unit retail prices and expand margin. Buying and Occupancy Expenses are expected to deleverage driven by the expected lower Net Sales and our anticipated investments in fulfillment and logistics capabilities to drive omnichannel growth, partially offset by the expected benefits of our profit optimization work (discussed below). General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses are expected to deleverage primarily driven by our investments in customer-facing associate wages and technology separation, partially offset by the expected benefits of our profit optimization work. 
 Profit Optimization 
 We are working to evaluate our cost structure and take action to offset what we see as ongoing cost pressures in both Gross Profit and General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses, as well as to fund strategic investments. Our efforts are broad-based with opportunities in transportation, product margin, store operations, home office expense and indirect spend. We are early in this process, but we are targeting eventual annual cost savings of 200 million. We expect to realize over half of these savings in 2023, primarily in the second half of the year. We expect to realize a substantial portion of the remaining benefits in 2024. 
 Adjusted Financial Information from Continuing Operations 
 In addition to our results provided in accordance with GAAP above and throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, provided below are non-GAAP measurements which present Operating Income, Net Income from Continuing Operations and Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Diluted Share in 2022 and 2021 on an adjusted basis, which remove certain special items. We believe that these special items are not indicative of our ongoing operations due to their size and nature. We use adjusted financial information as key performance measures of results of operations for the purpose of evaluating performance internally. These non-GAAP measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with GAAP. Instead, we believe that the presentation of adjusted financial information provides additional information to 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations. Further, our definitions of adjusted financial information may differ from similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 The table below reconciles the GAAP financial measures to the non-GAAP financial measures: 
 (in millions, except per share amounts) 2022 2021 Reconciliation of Reported Operating Income to Adjusted Operating Income Reported Operating Income 1,376 2,009 Write-off of Inventory due to Tornado (a) 9 Adjusted Operating Income 1,376 2,019 Reconciliation of Reported Net Income from Continuing Operations to Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations Reported Net Income from Continuing Operations 794 1,075 Write-off of Inventory due to Tornado (a) 9 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt (b) 195 Tax Benefit of Special Items in Operating Income and Other Income (Loss) (49) Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations 794 1,230 Reconciliation of Reported Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Diluted Share to Adjusted Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Diluted Share Reported Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Diluted Share 3.40 3.94 Write-off of Inventory due to Tornado (a) 0.03 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt (b) 0.54 Adjusted Earnings from Continuing Operations Per Diluted Share 3.40 4.51 ________________ 
 (a) In the fourth quarter of 2021, we recognized a pre-tax loss of 9 million 7 million after tax) related to the write-off of inventory that was destroyed by a tornado at a vendor's facility. 
 (b) In the third and first quarters of 2021, we recognized pre-tax losses of 89 million and 105 million (after-tax losses of 68 million and 80 million), respectively, due to the early extinguishments of outstanding notes. For additional information, see Note 11, "Long-term Debt and Borrowing Facilities" included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Company-Operated Store Data 
 The following table compares U.S. Company-operated store data for 2022 and 2021: 
 
 2022 2021 Change Sales per Average Selling Square Foot (a) 1,120 1,220 (8 Sales per Average Store (in thousands) (a) 3,079 3,279 (6 Average Store Size (selling square feet) 2,783 2,716 2 Total Selling Square Feet (in thousands) 4,712 4,485 5 
 ________________ 
 (a) Sales per average selling square foot and sales per average store, which are indicators of store productivity, are calculated based on store sales for the period divided by the average, including the beginning and end of period, of total square footage and store count, respectively. 
 The following table represents Company-operated store data for 2022: 
 Stores Stores January 29, 2022 Opened Closed January 28, 2023 United States 1,651 90 (48) 1,693 Canada 104 5 109 Total 1,755 95 (48) 1,802 
 28 

Table of Contents 

The following table represents Company-operated store data for 2021: 
 Stores Stores January 30, 2021 Opened Closed January 29, 2022 United States 1,633 53 (35) 1,651 Canada 103 1 104 Total 1,736 54 (35) 1,755 
 
 Partner-Operated Store Data 
 The following table represents partner-operated store data for 2022: Stores Stores January 29, 2022 Opened Closed January 28, 2023 International 317 89 (5) 401 International - Travel Retail 21 6 (1) 26 Total International 338 95 (6) 427 
 The following table represents partner-operated store data for 2021: 
 Stores Stores January 30, 2021 Opened Closed January 29, 2022 International 270 55 (8) 317 International - Travel Retail 18 3 21 Total International 288 58 (8) 338 
 
 Results of Operations 2022 Compared to 2021 
 For 2022, Operating Income decreased 633 million to 1.376 billion, and the Operating Income rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased to 18.2 from 25.5 in 2021. The drivers of the Operating Income results are discussed in the following sections. 
 Net Sales 
 The following table provides Net Sales for 2022 in comparison to 2021: 
 2022 2021 Change (in millions) Stores - U.S. and Canada 5,476 5,709 (4.1 Direct - U.S. and Canada 1,745 1,890 (7.6 International (a) 339 283 19.6 Total Net Sales 7,560 7,882 (4.1 
 ________________ 
 (a) Results include royalties associated with franchised store and wholesale sales. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Net Sales for 2021 to 2022: 
 (in millions) 2021 Net Sales 
 7,882 Comparable Store Sales (338) Sales Associated with New, Closed and Non-comparable Remodeled Stores, Net 119 Direct Channel (145) International Wholesale, Royalty and Other 56 Foreign Currency Translation (14) 2022 Net Sales 
 7,560 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 For 2022, Net Sales decreased 322 million to 7.560 billion. Net Sales decreased in the stores channel 233 million, or 4 , primarily due to a decrease in average dollar sales, partially offset by the incremental Net Sales originating from new stores. Direct Net Sales decreased 145 million, or 8 , primarily due to a decline in orders. The decline in Direct orders is partially due to last year's strong results as well as our customers continuing to select our buy online-pick up in store option ("BOPIS") (which is recognized as store Net Sales), partially offset by increased Net Sales in the Canada Direct business that launched in the third quarter of 2021. International Net Sales increased by 56 million, or 20 , primarily due to the increases in partner-operated stores and e-commerce sites. 
 In terms of category performance, home fragrance and sanitizers Net Sales were down compared to 2021 as customer mindset and needs shifted coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic. While total body care Net Sales were also down, we had growth in our Men's collection. These declines were partially offset by improvement in our gifting business. 
 Gross Profit 
 For 2022, our Gross Profit decreased 600 million to 3.255 billion, and our Gross Profit rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased to 43.1 from 48.9 . Gross Profit decreased primarily due to a significant decline in the merchandise margin rate driven by increased product cost from continued inflationary cost pressure in raw materials, transportation and labor and incremental promotions to drive sales. We estimate inflationary cost pressures totaled approximately 225 million in 2022. The decline in Net Sales and a 52 million increase in Buying and Occupancy Expenses, primarily driven by higher distribution costs and investments in store real estate, also contributed to the decrease in Gross Profit. The Gross Profit rate decreased due to the significant decline in the merchandise margin rate, the increase in Buying and Occupancy Expenses and deleverage on lower Net Sales. 
 General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses 
 The following table provides detail for our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses for 2022 compared to 2021: 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change (in millions) of Net Sales (in millions) of Net Sales (in millions) of Net Sales Selling Expenses 1,205 15.9 1,215 15.4 (10) 0.5 Home Office and Marketing Expenses 674 8.9 631 8.0 43 0.9 Total 1,879 24.9 1,846 23.4 33 1.5 
 For 2022, our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses increased 33 million to 1.879 billion, and the rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) increased to 24.9 from 23.4 . Our home office expenses increased primarily due to our investments in technology in connection with our IT separation. The increase in technology costs was partially offset by savings from our third quarter of 2022 profit improvement initiatives of approximately 35 million, charitable contributions made in the first quarter of 2021, certain legal fees and other discrete items totaling approximately 20 million that were incurred in the second quarter of 2021 and an approximately 20 million decrease in incentive compensation payouts due to business performance during the 2022 Spring season. Our selling expenses decreased primarily due to the decreases in Net Sales and related store bonus expense, partially offset by increases in customer-facing associate wages. The General, Administrative and Store Operating Expense rate increased primarily due to the increases in technology costs and associate wages, as well as deleverage on lower Net Sales. 
 Other Income (Loss) and Expenses 
 Interest Expense 
 The following table provides the average daily borrowings and average borrowing rates for 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Average daily borrowings (in millions) 4,915 5,409 Average borrowing rate 7.1 7.2 
 For 2022, our Interest Expense decreased 40 million to 348 million due to lower average daily borrowings and a lower average borrowing rate. 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 For 2021, our Other Loss was 198 million, consisting primarily of 195 million of pre-tax losses associated with the early extinguishments of outstanding notes. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For 2022, our effective tax rate was 24.0 compared to 24.5 in 2021. The 2022 rate was lower than our combined estimated federal and state statutory rate primarily due to the recognition of excess tax benefits recorded through the Consolidated 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Statements of Income on share-based awards that vested. The 2021 rate was in line with our combined estimated federal and state statutory rate. 
 Results of Operations Fourth Quarter of 2022 Compared to Fourth Quarter of 2021 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, Operating Income decreased 226 million to 653 million, and the Operating Income rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased to 22.6 from 29.0 in 2021. The drivers of the Operating Income results are discussed in the following sections. 
 Net Sales 
 The following table provides Net Sales for the fourth quarter of 2022 in comparison to the fourth quarter of 2021: 
 2022 2021 Change (in millions) Stores - U.S. and Canada 2,078 2,191 (5.1 Direct - U.S. and Canada 716 764 (6.3 International (a) 95 72 29.9 Total Net Sales 2,889 3,027 (4.6 
 ________________ 
 (a) Results include royalties associated with franchised store and wholesale sales. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of Net Sales for the fourth quarter of 2021 to the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 (in millions) 2021 Net Sales 
 3,027 Comparable Store Sales (130) Sales Associated with New, Closed and Non-comparable Remodeled Stores, Net 25 Direct Channel (48) International, Wholesale, Royalty and Other 23 Foreign Currency Translation (8) 2022 Net Sales 
 2,889 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, Net Sales decreased 138 million to 2.889 billion. Net Sales decreased in the stores channel by 113 million, or 5 , primarily due to a decrease in average dollar sales, partially offset by the incremental Net Sales originating from new stores. Direct Net Sales decreased 48 million, or 6 , due to a decline in orders partially offset by an increase in average order size. The decline in Direct orders is partially due to our customers continuing to select our BOPIS option (which is recognized as store Net Sales). International Net Sales increased by 23 million, or 30 , primarily due to the increase in partner-operated stores as well as timing of wholesale shipments. 
 In terms of category performance, home fragrance and sanitizers Net Sales were down compared to 2021 as customer mindset and needs shifted coming out of the COVID-19 pandemic. While total body care Net Sales were down slightly, we had growth in our Men's collection. These declines were partially offset by improvement in our gifting business. 
 Gross Profit 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, our Gross Profit decreased 196 million to 1.250 billion, and our Gross Profit rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) decreased to 43.3 from 47.8 . Gross Profit decreased primarily due to a significant decline in the merchandise margin rate driven by increased product cost from continued inflationary cost pressure in raw materials, transportation and labor and incremental promotions to drive sales. We estimate inflationary cost pressures totaled approximately 60 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The decline in Net Sales and a 12 million increase in Buying and Occupancy Expenses also contributed to the decrease in Gross Profit. The Gross Profit rate decreased primarily due to the significant decline in the merchandise margin rate and Buying and Occupancy deleverage on lower Net Sales. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses 
 The following table provides detail for our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses for the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021: 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change (in millions) of Net Sales (in millions) of Net Sales (in millions) of Net Sales Selling Expenses 391 13.5 391 12.9 0.6 Home Office and Marketing Expenses 206 7.1 176 5.8 30 1.3 Total 597 20.7 567 18.7 30 1.9 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, our General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses increased 30 million to 597 million and the rate (expressed as a percentage of Net Sales) increased to 20.7 from 18.7 . Our home office expenses increased due to our investments in technology in connection with our IT separation. The increase in technology costs was partially offset by savings from our third quarter of 2022 profit improvement initiatives of approximately 20 million. Our selling expenses remained flat due to increases in customer-facing associate wages, offset by decreases due to the decline in Net Sales. The General, Administrative and Store Operating Expense rate increased primarily due to the increase in technology costs, as well as deleverage on lower Net Sales. 
 Other Income (Loss) and Expenses 
 Interest Expense 
 The following table provides the average daily borrowings and average borrowing rates for the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 Average daily borrowings (in millions) 4,915 4,915 Average borrowing rate 7.1 7.1 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, our Interest Expense was 87 million and flat to 2021. 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 For fourth quarter of 2022, our Other Income (Loss) increased 11 million to income of 10 million, primarily due to an increase in the average interest rate earned on invested cash. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 For the fourth quarter of 2022, our effective tax rate was 25.7 compared to 25.1 in 2021. The 2022 and 2021 rates are in line with our combined estimated federal and state statutory rate. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 A discussion regarding our Financial Condition for 2021 compared to 2020 can be found under Item 7. of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022, filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity, or access to cash, is an important factor in determining our financial stability. We are committed to maintaining adequate liquidity. Cash generated from our operating activities provides the primary resources to support current operations, growth initiatives, seasonal funding requirements and capital expenditures. Our cash provided from operations is impacted by our net income and working capital changes. Our net income is impacted by, among other things, sales volume, seasonal sales patterns, success of new product introductions, profit margins, income taxes and inflationary pressures. Historically, our sales are higher during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. Generally, our need for working capital peaks during the summer and fall months as inventory builds in anticipation of the holiday period. Our cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries were 126 million as of January 28, 2023. 
 We believe that our current cash position, our cash flow generated from operations and our borrowing capacity under the ABL Facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including capital expenditure requirements, for at least the next twelve months. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital and Capitalization 
 The following table provides a summary of our working capital position and capitalization as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 (in millions) Working Capital 887 1,719 Capitalization: Long-term Debt 4,862 4,854 Shareholders Equity (Deficit) (2,206) (1,518) Total Capitalization 2,656 3,336 Amounts Available Under the ABL Facility (a) 509 479 
 ________________ 
 (a) As of January 28, 2023, our borrowing base was 525 million and we had outstanding letters of credit, which reduce our availability under the ABL Facility, of 16 million. As of January 29, 2022, our borrowing base was 495 million and we had outstanding letters of credit of 16 million. 
 Debt Leverage Ratio 
 Our debt leverage ratio is defined as adjusted debt, which includes our long-term debt and total operating lease liabilities, divided by adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent ("EBITDAR"). Adjusted EBITDAR is calculated as adjusted operating income (a non-GAAP measure that is reconciled under the heading "Adjusted Financial Information from Continuing Operations" in this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations), which excludes interest and taxes, before depreciation, amortization and lease costs. Our debt leverage ratio is a non-GAAP financial measure which we believe is useful to analyze our capital structure. Our debt leverage ratio calculation may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures reported by other companies. Our debt leverage ratio should be evaluated in addition to, and not considered a substitute for, other GAAP financial measures. 
 The following table provides our debt leverage ratio as of, and for the years ended, January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 (dollars in millions) Long-term Debt 4,862 4,854 Total Operating Lease Liabilities 1,191 1,159 Adjusted Debt 6,053 6,013 Adjusted Operating Income 1,376 2,019 Depreciation and Amortization 221 205 Total Lease Costs 382 358 Adjusted EBITDAR 1,979 2,582 Debt Leverage Ratio 3.1 2.3 
 Cash Flows 
 The cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated. Accordingly, the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows includes the results from continuing and discontinued operations. We did not report any cash flows from discontinued operations in 2022. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a summary of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year 1,979 3,933 Net Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 1,144 1,492 Net Cash Flows Used for Investing Activities (328) (259) Net Cash Flows Used for Financing Activities (1,562) (3,188) Effects of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents (1) 1 Net Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents (747) (1,954) Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 1,232 1,979 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was 1.144 billion, including net income of 800 million (which included Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax of 6 million). Net income included depreciation of 221 million, share-based compensation expense of 38 million and deferred income tax expense of 17 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital. The most significant items in working capital were the 44 million increase associated with Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other and the 39 million increase associated with Income Taxes Payable. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was 1.492 billion, including net income of 1.333 billion (which included Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax of 258 million). Net income included depreciation of 363 million (which included 158 million related to the Victoria's Secret business classified as discontinued operations), loss on extinguishment of debt of 195 million, share-based compensation expense of 46 million (which included 15 million related to the Victoria's Secret business classified as discontinued operations), and deferred income tax expense of 45 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital. The most significant item in working capital was a decrease in operating cash flow of 177 million associated with the increase in Inventories. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used for investing activities in 2022 was 328 million related to capital expenditures. The capital expenditures included approximately 164 million related to new, off-mall stores and remodels of existing stores. The remaining capital expenditures were primarily related to our new Company-operated direct channel fulfillment center and various IT projects primarily supporting the separation of our IT systems from Victoria's Secret Co.'s IT systems. 
 Net cash used for investing activities in 2021 was 259 million consisting primarily of 270 million of capital expenditures, partially offset by proceeds from other investing activities of 11 million. Capital expenditures related to our continuing operations were 205 million, approximately 60 of which related to real estate investments with the remaining investment principally in technology and fulfillment center capabilities. Capital expenditures related to discontinued operations were 66 million. 
 We are planning for approximately 300 million to 350 million of capital expenditures in 2023, approximately half of which we expect will relate to real estate projects to open new off-mall stores and remodel existing stores into the White Barn store design. Additionally, we also plan on investing in our technology, primarily to support the separation of our IT systems from Victoria's Secret Co.'s IT systems, and distribution and logistics capabilities to support long-term growth. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used for financing activities in 2022 was 1.562 billion consisting of 1.312 billion in payments for share repurchases, including the payment of 1 billion related to our accelerated share repurchase program ("ASR"), dividend payments of 0.80 per share, or 186 million, tax payments of 32 million related to share-based awards and net payments of 25 million to Victoria's Secret Co. related to the Separation. 
 Net cash used for financing activities in 2021 was 3.188 billion consisting of 1.964 billion in repurchases of our common stock, 1.716 billion in payments for the early extinguishment of outstanding notes, transfers and payments of 376 million to Victoria's Secret Co. related to the Separation, dividend payments of 0.45 per share, or 120 million, and tax payments of 59 million related to share-based awards. These uses were partially offset by proceeds of 976 million from the Separation and proceeds of 83 million from stock option exercises. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Common Stock Share Repurchases 
 Our Board will determine share repurchase authorizations, giving consideration to our levels of profit and cash flow, capital requirements, current and forecasted liquidity, the restrictions placed upon us by our borrowing arrangements as well as financial and other conditions existing at the time. We use cash flow generated from operating and financing activities to fund our share repurchase programs. The timing and amount of any repurchases will be made at our discretion, taking into account a number of factors, including market conditions. 
 2021 Repurchase Programs 
 In March 2021, the Board authorized a 500 million share repurchase plan (the "March 2021 Program"), which replaced the 79 million remaining under a March 2018 share repurchase program. 
 In July 2021, the Board authorized a 1.5 billion share repurchase program (the "July 2021 Program"), which replaced the 36 million remaining under the March 2021 Program. Under the authorization of this program, in July 2021 we entered into a stock repurchase agreement with our former Chief Executive Officer and certain of his affiliated entities pursuant to which we repurchased 10 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 730 million. 
 We repurchased the following shares of our common stock during 2021: 
 Repurchase Program Amount Authorized Shares Repurchased Amount Repurchased Average Stock Price (in millions) (in thousands) (in millions) March 2021 (a) 500 6,996 464 66.30 July 2021 (a) 1,500 10,000 730 73.01 July 2021 (b) 11,234 770 68.53 Total 28,230 1,964 _______________ 
 (a) Reflects repurchases of L Brands, Inc. common stock prior to the August 2, 2021 spin-off of Victoria's Secret Co. 
 (b) Reflects repurchases of Bath Body Works, Inc. common stock subsequent to the August 2, 2021 spin-off of Victoria's Secret Co. 
 2022 Repurchase Program 
 In February 2022, the Board authorized a new 1.5 billion share repurchase program (the "February 2022 Program"). As part of the February 2022 Program, we entered into the ASR under which we repurchased 1 billion of our own outstanding common stock. The delivery of shares under the ASR resulted in an immediate reduction of the shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for net income per basic and diluted share. Pursuant to the Board's authorization, we made other share repurchases in the open market under the February 2022 Program during 2022. 
 On February 4, 2022, we delivered 1 billion to the ASR bank, and the bank delivered 14 million shares of common stock to us (the "Initial Shares"). Pursuant to the terms of the ASR, the Initial Shares represented 80 of the number of shares determined by dividing the 1 billion Company payment by the closing price of our common stock on February 2, 2022. 
 In May 2022, we received an additional 7 million shares of our common stock from the ASR bank for the final settlement of the ASR. The final number of shares of common stock delivered under the ASR was based generally upon a discount to the average daily Rule 10b-18 volume-weighted average price at which the shares of common stock traded during the regular trading sessions on the NYSE during the term of the repurchase period. 
 We repurchased the following shares of our common stock during 2022: 
 Repurchase Program Amount Authorized Shares Repurchased Amount Repurchased Average Stock Price (in millions) (in thousands) (in millions) February 2022 1,500 6,401 312 48.77 February 2022 - Accelerated Share Repurchase Program 20,295 1,000 49.27 Total 26,696 1,312 
 The February 2022 Program had 188 million of remaining authority as of January 28, 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Dividend Policy and Procedures 
 Our Board will determine future dividends after giving consideration to our levels of profit and cash flow, capital requirements, current and forecasted liquidity, the restrictions placed upon us by our borrowing arrangements as well as financial and other conditions existing at the time. We use cash flow generated from operating and financing activities to fund our dividends. 
 In connection with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, our Board suspended our quarterly cash dividend beginning in the second quarter of 2020. In March 2021, our Board reinstated the annual dividend at 0.60 per share, beginning with the quarterly dividend paid in June 2021. In February 2022, our Board increased the annual dividend to 0.80 per share, beginning with the quarterly dividend paid in March 2022. 
 We paid the following dividends during 2022 and 2021: Ordinary Dividends Total Paid (per share) (in millions) 2022 First Quarter 0.20 48 Second Quarter 0.20 46 Third Quarter 0.20 46 Fourth Quarter 0.20 46 2022 Total 
 0.80 186 2021 First Quarter Second Quarter 0.15 42 Third Quarter 0.15 39 Fourth Quarter 0.15 39 2021 Total 
 0.45 120 
 On March 3, 2023, we paid our first quarter 2023 dividend of 0.20 per share to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 17, 2023. 
 Long-term Debt and Borrowing Facilities 
 The following table provides our outstanding Long-term Debt balance, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and discounts, as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 (in millions) Senior Debt with Subsidiary Guarantee 320 million, 9.375 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2025 ("2025 Notes") 
 317 316 297 million, 6.694 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due January 2027 ("2027 Notes") 
 283 281 500 million, 5.25 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due February 2028 2028 Notes 
 498 497 500 million, 7.50 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due June 2029 ("2029 Notes") 
 491 489 1 billion, 6.625 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due October 2030 ("2030 Notes") 
 991 990 1 billion, 6.875 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due November 2035 2035 Notes 
 993 992 700 million, 6.75 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2036 2036 Notes 
 694 694 Total Senior Debt with Subsidiary Guarantee 4,267 4,259 Senior Debt 350 million, 6.95 Fixed Interest Rate Debentures due March 2033 2033 Notes 
 349 349 247 million, 7.60 Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2037 2037 Notes 
 246 246 Total Senior Debt 595 595 Total Long-term Debt 4,862 4,854 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchases of Notes 
 In April 2021, we redeemed the remaining 285 million of our outstanding 5.625 senior notes due February 2022 and 750 million of our outstanding 6.875 senior secured notes due July 2025. We recognized a pre-tax loss related to this extinguishment of debt of 105 million (after-tax loss of 80 million), which included the write-off of unamortized issuance costs. This loss is included in Other Income (Loss) in the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 In September 2021, we completed the tender offers to purchase 270 million of our outstanding 5.625 senior notes due October 2023 (the "2023 Notes") and 180 million of our outstanding 2025 Notes for an aggregate purchase price of 532 million. Additionally, in October 2021, we redeemed the remaining 50 million of our outstanding 2023 Notes for an aggregate purchase price of 54 million. We recognized a pre-tax loss related to this extinguishment of debt of 89 million (after-tax loss of 68 million), which included the write-off of unamortized issuance costs. This loss is included in Other Income (Loss) in the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 Asset-backed Revolving Credit Facility 
 We and certain of our 100 owned subsidiaries guarantee and pledge collateral to secure our ABL Facility. The ABL Facility, which allows borrowings and letters of credit in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars, has aggregate commitments of 750 million and an expiration date in August 2026. 
 Availability under the ABL Facility is the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, determined primarily based on our eligible U.S. and Canadian credit card receivables, accounts receivable, inventory and eligible real property, or (ii) the aggregate commitment. If at any time the outstanding amount under the ABL Facility exceeds the lesser of (i) the borrowing base and (ii) the aggregate commitment, we are required to repay the outstanding amounts under the ABL Facility to the extent of such excess. As of January 28, 2023, our borrowing base was 525 million, and we had no borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility. 
 The ABL Facility supports our letter of credit program. We had 16 million of outstanding letters of credit as of January 28, 2023 that reduced our availability under the ABL Facility. As of January 28, 2023, our availability under the ABL Facility was 509 million. 
 As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Facility fees related to committed and unutilized amounts were 0.30 per annum, and the fees related to outstanding letters of credit were 1.25 per annum. In addition, the interest rate on outstanding U.S. dollar borrowings was LIBOR plus 1.25 per annum. The interest rate on outstanding Canadian dollar-denominated borrowings was the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate plus 1.25 per annum. 
 The ABL Facility requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.00 to 1.00 during an event of default or any period commencing on any day when specified excess availability is less than the greater of (i) 70 million or (ii) 10 of the maximum borrowing amount. As of January 28, 2023, we were not required to maintain this ratio. 
 Credit Ratings 
 The following table provides our credit ratings as of January 28, 2023: 
 Moody s S P Corporate Ba2 BB Senior Unsecured Debt with Subsidiary Guarantee Ba2 BB Senior Unsecured Debt B1 B+ Outlook Stable Stable 
 Guarantor Summarized Financial Information 
 Certain of our subsidiaries, which are listed on Exhibit 22 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, have guaranteed our obligations under the 2025 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2029 Notes, 2030 Notes, 2035 Notes and 2036 Notes (collectively, the "Notes"). 
 The Notes have been issued by Bath Body Works, Inc. (the Parent Company ). The Notes are its senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured obligations, are senior to any of our future subordinated indebtedness, are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future indebtedness that is secured by a lien and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future obligations of each of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the Notes. 
 The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a joint and several basis by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, including certain subsidiaries that also guarantee our obligations under our ABL Facility (such guarantees, the Guarantees and, such guaranteeing subsidiaries, the Subsidiary Guarantors ). The Guarantees of the Subsidiary Guarantors are subject to release in limited circumstances only upon the occurrence of certain customary conditions. Each Guarantee is limited, by its 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 terms, to an amount not to exceed the maximum amount that can be guaranteed by the applicable Subsidiary Guarantor subject to avoidance under applicable fraudulent conveyance provisions of U.S. and non-U.S. law. 
 The following tables set forth summarized financial information for the Parent Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors, on a combined basis after elimination of (i) intercompany transactions and balances among the Parent Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors and (ii) investments in and equity in the earnings of non-Guarantor subsidiaries. 
 JANUARY 28, 2023 SUMMARIZED BALANCE SHEET (in millions) ASSETS Current Assets (a) 2,642 Noncurrent Assets (b) 2,561 LIABILITIES Current Liabilities (c) 3,084 Noncurrent Liabilities 6,143 
 _______________ 
 (a) Includes amounts due from non-Guarantor subsidiaries of 589 million as of January 28, 2023. 
 (b) Includes amounts due from non-Guarantor subsidiaries of 40 million as of January 28, 2023. 
 (c) Includes amounts due to non-Guarantor subsidiaries of 1.987 billion as of January 28, 2023. 
 2022 SUMMARIZED STATEMENT OF INCOME 
 (in millions) Net Sales (a) 7,336 Gross Profit 3,012 Operating Income 1,245 Income Before Income Taxes 921 Net Income (b) 726 
 _______________ 
 (a) Includes Net Sales of 291 million to non-Guarantor subsidiaries. 
 (b) Includes Net Loss of 7 million related to transactions with non-Guarantor subsidiaries. 
 Contingent Liabilities and Contractual Obligations 
 The following table provides our contractual obligations, aggregated by type, including the maturity profile as of January 28, 2023: 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 4-5 Years More Than 5 Years Other (in millions) Long-term Debt (a) 8,047 339 983 895 5,830 Future Lease Obligations (b) 1,562 260 497 386 419 Purchase Obligations (c) 682 543 91 38 10 Other Liabilities (d) 182 112 30 40 Total 10,473 1,254 1,601 1,319 6,259 40 
 ________________ 
 (a) Long-term Debt obligations relate to our principal and interest payments for outstanding notes and debentures. Interest payments have been estimated based on the coupon rate for fixed rate obligations. Interest obligations exclude amounts which have been accrued through January 28, 2023. For additional information, see Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (b) Future lease obligations primarily represent minimum payments due under store lease agreements. For additional information, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 (c) Purchase obligations primarily include purchase orders for merchandise inventory and other agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions. 
 (d) Other liabilities include future estimated payments associated with unrecognized tax benefits. The Less Than 1 Year category includes 112 million of these tax items because it is reasonably possible that the amounts could change in the next 12 months due to audit settlements or resolution of uncertainties. The remaining portion totaling 40 million is included in the Other category as it is not reasonably possible that the amounts could change in the next 12 months. In addition, we have a remaining liability of 30 million related to the deemed repatriation tax on our undistributed foreign earnings resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The tax liability will be paid over the next three years. For additional information, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Lease Guarantees 
 In connection with the spin-off of Victoria's Secret Co. and the disposal of a certain other business, we had remaining contingent obligations of 283 million as of January 28, 2023 related to lease payments under the current terms of noncancelable leases, primarily related to office space, expiring at various dates through 2037. These obligations include minimum rent and additional payments covering taxes, common area costs and certain other expenses and relate to leases that commenced prior to the disposition of these businesses. Our reserves related to these obligations were not significant for any period presented. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 We did not adopt any new accounting standards in 2022 that had a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. In addition, as of March 17, 2023, there are no new accounting standards that we have not yet adopted that are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to adopt accounting policies related to estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its accounting policies, estimates and judgments, including those related to inventories, valuation of long-lived store assets, claims and contingencies, income taxes and revenue recognition. Management bases our estimates and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Management has discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors and believes the following assumptions and estimates are most significant to reporting our results of operations and financial position. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories are principally valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, on an average cost basis. 
 We record valuation adjustments to our inventories if the cost of inventory on hand exceeds the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or disposal of the inventory. These estimates are based on management s judgment regarding future demand and market conditions and analysis of historical experience. If actual demand or market conditions are different than those projected by management, future period merchandise margin rates may be unfavorably or favorably affected by adjustments to these estimates. 
 We also record inventory loss adjustments for estimated physical inventory losses that have occurred since the date of the last physical inventory. These estimates are based on management s analysis of historical results and operating trends. 
 Management believes that the assumptions used in these estimates are reasonable and appropriate. A 10 increase or decrease in the inventory valuation adjustment would have impacted net income from continuing operations by approximately 2 million for 2022. A 10 increase or decrease in the estimated physical inventory loss adjustment would have impacted net income from continuing operations by approximately 2 million for 2022. 
 Valuation of Long-lived Store Assets 
 Long-lived store assets, which include leasehold improvements, store related assets and operating lease assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Store assets are grouped at the lowest level for which they are largely independent of other assets or asset groups. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset group are less than the carrying value, we recognize a loss 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value, determined by the estimated discounted future cash flows of the asset group. For operating lease assets, we determine the fair value of the assets by comparing the contractual rent payments to estimated market rental rates. An individual asset within an asset group is not impaired below its estimated fair value. The fair value of long-lived store assets are determined using Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 
 When a decision has been made to dispose of property and equipment prior to the end of the previously estimated useful life, depreciation estimates are revised to reflect the use of the asset over the shortened estimated useful life. 
 Claims and Contingencies 
 We are subject to various claims and contingencies related to lawsuits, taxes, insurance, regulatory and other matters arising out of the normal course of business. Our determination of the treatment of claims and contingencies in the Consolidated Financial Statements is based on management s view of the expected outcome of the applicable claim or contingency. We consult with legal counsel on matters related to litigation and seek input from both internal and external experts with respect to matters in the ordinary course of business. We accrue a liability if the likelihood of an adverse outcome is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. If the likelihood of an adverse outcome is only reasonably possible (as opposed to probable) or if an estimate is not reasonably determinable, disclosure of a material claim or contingency is disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Under this method, taxes currently payable or refundable are accrued, and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets are also recognized for realizable operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in income tax rates is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining the provision for income taxes and related accruals, deferred tax assets and liabilities. In determining our provision for income taxes, we consider permanent differences between book and tax income and statutory income tax rates. Our effective income tax rate is affected by items including changes in tax law, the tax jurisdiction of new stores or business ventures and the level of earnings. 
 We follow the authoritative guidance included in ASC 740, Income Taxes , which contains a two-step approach to recognize and measure uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and for which actual outcomes may differ from forecasted outcomes. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. 
 Our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. At any one time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various tax authorities. A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established an accrual is audited and fully resolved or clarified. We adjust our tax contingencies accrual and income tax provision in the period in which matters are effectively settled with tax authorities at amounts different from our established accrual, when the statute of limitations expires for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue based on the amount we expect to receive when control of the goods or services is transferred to our customer. We recognize sales upon customer receipt of merchandise, which for direct channel revenues reflect an estimate of shipments that have not yet been received by our customer based on shipping terms and historical delivery times. Our shipping and handling revenues are included in Net Sales with the related costs included in Costs of Goods Sold, Buying and Occupancy in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We also provide a reserve for projected merchandise returns based on historical experience. Net Sales exclude sales and other similar taxes collected from customers. 
 We offer a loyalty program that allows customers to earn points based on purchasing activity. As customers accumulate points and reach point thresholds, points are converted to awards that may be used to purchase merchandise in stores or online. Points expire if a loyalty account is inactive for a certain period of time, while awards expire if unused after approximately three months. We allocate revenue to points earned on qualifying purchases and defer recognition until the awards are redeemed. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 The amount of revenue deferred is based on the relative stand-alone selling price method, which includes an estimate for points and awards not expected to be redeemed based on historical experience. 
 We sell gift cards with no expiration dates to customers. We do not charge administrative fees on unused gift cards. We recognize revenue from gift cards when they are redeemed by the customer. In addition, we recognize revenue on unredeemed gift cards where the likelihood of the gift card being redeemed is remote and there is no legal obligation to remit the unredeemed gift cards to relevant jurisdictions (gift card breakage). Gift card breakage revenue is recognized in proportion, and over the same period, as actual gift card redemptions. We determine the gift card breakage rate based on historical redemption patterns. Gift card breakage is included in Net Sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 We also recognize revenues associated with franchise, license, wholesale and sourcing arrangements. Revenue recognized under franchise and license arrangements generally consists of royalties earned and recognized upon sale of merchandise by franchise and license partners to retail customers. Revenue is generally recognized under wholesale and sourcing arrangements at the time the title passes to the partner. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Market Risk 
 The market risk inherent in our financial instruments represents the potential loss in fair value, earnings or cash flows arising from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates or interest rates. We may use derivative financial instruments like foreign currency forward contracts, cross-currency swaps and interest rate swap arrangements to manage exposure to market risks. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Foreign Exchange Rate Risk 
 Our Canadian dollar denominated earnings are subject to exchange rate risk as substantially all our merchandise sold in Canada is sourced through U.S. dollar transactions. Although we utilize foreign currency forward contracts to partially offset risks associated with our operations in Canada, these measures may not succeed in offsetting all the short-term impact of foreign currency rate movements and generally may not be effective in offsetting the long-term impact of sustained shifts in foreign currency rates. 
 Further, although our royalty arrangements with our international partners are denominated in U.S. dollars, the royalties we receive in U.S. dollars are calculated based on sales in the local currency. As a result, our royalties in these arrangements are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our investment portfolio primarily consists of interest-bearing instruments that are classified as cash and cash equivalents based on their original maturities. Our investment portfolio is maintained in accordance with our investment policy, which specifies permitted types of investments, specifies credit quality standards and maturity profiles and limits credit exposure to any single issuer. The primary objective of our investment activities is the preservation of principal, the maintenance of liquidity and the maximization of interest income while minimizing risk. Our investment portfolio is primarily composed of U.S. government obligations, U.S. Treasury and AAA-rated money market funds, commercial paper and bank deposits. Given the short-term nature and quality of investments in our portfolio, we do not believe there is any material risk to principal associated with increases or decreases in interest rates. 
 All of our Long-term Debt as of January 28, 2023 has fixed interest rates. We will from time to time adjust our exposure to interest rate risk by entering into interest rate swap arrangements. Our exposure to interest rate changes is limited to the fair value of the debt issued, which would not have a material impact on our earnings or cash flows. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 We maintain cash and cash equivalents and derivative contracts with various major financial institutions. We monitor the relative credit standing of financial institutions with whom we transact and limit the amount of credit exposure with any one entity. Our investment portfolio is primarily composed of U.S. government obligations, U.S. Treasury and AAA-rated money market funds, commercial paper and bank deposits. We also periodically review the relative credit standing of franchise, license and wholesale partners and other entities to which we grant credit terms in the normal course of business. 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 As of January 28, 2023, we believe that the carrying values of Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses approximate fair value because of their short maturity. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a summary of the principal value and estimated fair value of outstanding Long-term Debt as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022: January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 (in millions) Principal Value 4,915 4,915 Fair Value, Estimated (a) 4,707 5,493 ________________ 
 (a) The estimated fair values are based on reported transaction prices and are not necessarily indicative of the amounts that we could realize in a current market exchange. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page No. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 44 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 45 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 46 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 47 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Total Equity (Deficit) 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 50 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31. Fiscal years are designated in the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes by the calendar year in which the fiscal year commences. The results for 2022, 2021 and 2020 refer to the 52-week periods ended January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022 and January 30, 2021, respectively. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). 
 Based on our assessment and the COSO criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Ernst Young LLP s report appears on the following page and expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bath Body Works, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Bath Body Works, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Bath Body Works, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Bath Body Works, Inc. as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated March 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Grandview Heights, Ohio 
 March 17, 2023 

45 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Bath Body Works, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bath Body Works, Inc. (the Company) as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, total equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Loyalty Program Description of the Matter The Company launched its loyalty program nationwide during the third quarter of 2022, which offers members the ability to earn points and redeem awards. As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue from the loyalty program is recognized when the members redeem awards or points expire unused. The Company allocates revenue to points earned on qualifying purchases and defers recognition until the awards are redeemed. The amount of revenue deferred is based on the relative standalone selling price method, which includes an estimate for points and awards not expected to be redeemed based on historical experience. Auditing the Company s estimate of loyalty deferred revenue was complex as the calculation involved management s assumptions, such as the standalone selling price and expected redemption rate, which drive the revenue deferral. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s estimation process and controls supporting the measurement and recognition of the amount of loyalty revenue deferred. This included testing controls over management s review of the assumptions and other inputs used in the estimation and the completeness and accuracy of issuance and redemption data used in the calculation. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the methodology used, analyzing the significant assumptions discussed above, and testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in management s calculation. To test the standalone selling price per award, we validated that the price per award was appropriate based on purchases by loyalty members. To audit the redemption rate, we tested redemption activity and compared the results of that testing to the redemption rate used by management in its estimate. We also considered recent trends in redemption activity and the impact on the redemption rate. In addition, we performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the deferral amounts. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003. 
 
 March 17, 2023 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net Sales Costs of Goods Sold, Buying and Occupancy ) ) ) Gross Profit General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses ) ) ) Operating Income Interest Expense ) ) ) Other Income (Loss) ) ) Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income from Continuing Operations Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax ) Net Income Net Income (Loss) per Basic Share Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations ) Total Net Income per Basic Share Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations ) Total Net Income per Diluted Share 

BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax: Foreign Currency Translation ) ) Reclassification of Currency Translation to Earnings Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Cash Flow Hedges ) Reclassification of Cash Flow Hedges to Earnings ) Total Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax ) Total Comprehensive Income 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions except par value amounts) 
 
 January 28, 2023 January 29, 2022 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable, Net Inventories Other Total Current Assets Property and Equipment, Net Operating Lease Assets Goodwill Trade Name Deferred Income Taxes Other Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current Liabilities: Accounts Payable Accrued Expenses and Other Current Operating Lease Liabilities Income Taxes Total Current Liabilities Deferred Income Taxes Long-term Debt Long-term Operating Lease Liabilities Other Long-term Liabilities Shareholders Equity (Deficit): Preferred Stock par value; shares authorized; issued 
 Common Stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) ) ) Less: Treasury Stock, at Average Cost; and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total Shareholders Equity (Deficit) ) ) Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity (Deficit) ) ) Total Liabilities and Equity (Deficit) 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF TOTAL EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in millions except per share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock, at Average Cost Noncontrolling Interest Total Equity (Deficit) Shares Outstanding Par Value Balance, February 1, 2020 ) ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income Total Comprehensive Income Cash Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Share-based Compensation and Other ) Balance, January 30, 2021 ) ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income Total Comprehensive Income Victoria's Secret Spin-Off ) ) ) Cash Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) ) Treasury Share Retirement ) ) ) Share-based Compensation and Other Balance, January 29, 2022 ) ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Total Comprehensive Income ) Cash Dividends per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) ) Accelerated Share Repurchase Program ) ) ) Treasury Share Retirement ) ) ) Share-based Compensation and Other Balance, January 28, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities: Depreciation of Long-lived Assets Loss on Extinguishment of Debt Share-based Compensation Expense Deferred Income Taxes Victoria's Secret Asset Impairment Charges Gain from Victoria's Secret Hong Kong Store Closure and Lease Termination ) Gain Related to Formation of Victoria's Secret U.K. Joint Venture ) Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Accounts Receivable ) Inventories ) Accounts Payable, Accrued Expenses and Other ) Income Taxes Payable ) ) Other Assets and Liabilities ) ) Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Investing Activities Capital Expenditures ) ) ) Other Investing Activities Net Cash Used for Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from Issuance of Long-term Debt, Net of Issuance Costs Payments of Long-term Debt ) ) Borrowing from revolving credit agreement Repayment of revolving credit agreement ) Proceeds from Spin-Off of Victoria's Secret Co. Transfers and Payments to Victoria's Secret Co. related to Spin-Off ) ) Net Repayments of Victoria's Secret Foreign Facilities ) Repurchases of Common Stock ) ) Dividends Paid ) ) ) Proceeds from Stock Option Exercises Tax Payments related to Share-based Awards ) ) ) Payments of Finance Lease Obligations ) ) ) Other Financing Activities ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities ) ) Effects of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Year 
 _______________ 

The accompanying Notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 

days. The Company's Cash and Cash Equivalents are considered Level 1 fair value measurements as they are valued using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. The Company s outstanding checks are included in Accounts Payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Advertising and marketing costs totaled million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 - years 
 Store related assets - years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or years 
 Non-store related building and site improvements - years 
 Other property and equipment years Buildings years 
 When a decision has been made to dispose of property and equipment prior to the end of the previously estimated useful life, depreciation estimates are revised to reflect the use of the asset over the shortened estimated useful life. The Company s cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in net income. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Major renewals and betterments that extend useful lives are capitalized. 
 Long-lived store assets, which include leasehold improvements, store related assets and operating lease assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Store assets are grouped at the lowest level for which they are largely independent of other assets or asset groups. If the estimated undiscounted future cash flows related to the asset group are less than the carrying value, the Company recognizes a loss equal to the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value, determined by the estimated discounted future cash flows of the asset group. For operating lease assets, the Company determines the fair value of the assets by comparing the contractual rent payments to estimated market rental rates. An individual asset within an asset group is not impaired below its estimated fair value. The fair value of long-lived store assets are determined using Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. 
 years. Annual store rent consists of a fixed minimum amount and/or variable rent based on a percentage of sales exceeding a stipulated amount. Store lease terms generally also require additional payments covering certain operating costs such as common area maintenance, utilities, insurance and taxes. Certain leases contain predetermined fixed escalations of minimum rentals or require periodic adjustments of minimum rentals depending on an index or rate. Additionally, certain leases contain incentives, such as construction allowances from landlords and/or rent abatements subsequent to taking possession of the leased property. 
 At lease commencement, the Company recognizes an asset for the right to use the leased asset and a liability based on the present value of the unpaid fixed lease payments. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis as lease expense over the lease term. Variable lease payments associated with the Company's leases are recognized upon occurrence of the event or circumstance on which the payments are assessed. Short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate, adjusted for collateral, to determine the present value of its unpaid lease payments. 
 The Company s store leases often include options to extend the initial term or to terminate the lease prior to the end of the initial term. The exercise of these options is typically at the sole discretion of the Company. These options are included in determining the initial lease term at lease commencement if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise the option. Additionally, the Company may operate stores for a period of time on a month-to-month basis after the expiration of the lease term. 
 The Company also has leasehold improvements which are amortized over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the period from the date the assets are placed in service to the end of the initial lease term. Leasehold improvements made after the 
 52 

Table of Contents 

million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022, are recorded in Other Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Included in the Company s Easton investments are equity interests in Easton Town Center, LLC ETC and Easton Gateway, LLC EG ), entities that own and develop commercial entertainment and shopping centers. The Company s investments in ETC and EG are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. The Company has majority financial interests in ETC and EG, but another unaffiliated member manages them, and certain significant decisions regarding ETC and EG require the consent of unaffiliated members in addition to the Company. 
 Under the equity method of accounting, the Company recognizes its share of the investee's net income or loss. Losses are only recognized to the extent the Company has positive carrying value related to the investee. Carrying values are only reduced below zero if the Company has an obligation to provide funding to the investee. The Company s share of net income or loss of all unconsolidated entities is included in Other Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s equity method investments are required to be reviewed for impairment when it is determined there may be an other-than-temporary loss in value. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 54 

Table of Contents 

55 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 of the shares of Victoria's Secret Co. common stock to holders of L Brands, Inc. common stock as of the close of business on the record date of July 22, 2021. The Company's stockholders of record received one share of Victoria s Secret Co. common stock for every three shares of the Company's common stock. On August 3, 2021, Victoria s Secret Co. became an independent, publicly-traded company trading on the NYSE under the stock symbol "VSCO." The Company retained ownership interest in Victoria s Secret Co. following the Separation. 
 In July 2021, Victoria s Secret Co., prior to the Separation and while a subsidiary of the Company, issued million of notes due in July 2029 (the "Victoria's Secret Co. Notes"). As of July 31, 2021, the initial proceeds were held in escrow for release to Victoria's Secret Co. upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including completion of the Separation. On August 2, 2021, the Victoria's Secret Co. Notes became the obligations of Victoria's Secret Co. concurrent with the Separation. Upon Separation, the net proceeds from the Victoria's Secret Co. Notes were used to partially fund cash payments of million to the Company in connection with the Separation. 
 In the third quarter of 2021, the Company recognized a net reduction to Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) of million as a result of the Separation, primarily related to the transfer of certain assets and liabilities associated with its Victoria's Secret business to Victoria's Secret Co., net of the million of cash payments received from Victoria's Secret Co. in connection with the Separation. Assets transferred to Victoria's Secret Co. included Cash and Cash Equivalents of million held by Victoria's Secret subsidiaries on the Distribution Date. Additionally, during 2021, the Company made payments of million to Victoria's Secret Co. following the Separation for costs incurred prior to the Distribution Date. Further, the Company reclassified out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income million of accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments related to the Victoria's Secret business. 
 In connection with the Separation, the Company entered into several agreements with Victoria's Secret Co. that govern the relationship of the parties following the Separation, including the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Transition Services Agreements, the Tax Matters Agreement, the Employee Matters Agreement and the Domestic Transportation Services Agreement. Additionally, the Company has contingent obligations relating to certain lease payments under the current terms of noncancelable leases. For additional information, see Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies." 
 Under the terms of the Transition Services Agreements, as amended, the Company provides to Victoria's Secret Co. various services or functions, including human resources, payroll and certain logistics functions. Additionally, Victoria's Secret Co. provides to the Company various services or functions, including information technology, certain logistics functions and customer marketing services. Generally, these services will be performed for a period of up to following the Distribution, except for information technology services, which will be provided for a period of up to following the Distribution and may be extended for a maximum of additional one -year periods subject to increased administrative charges. Consideration and costs for the transition services are determined using several billing methodologies as described in the agreements, including customary billing, pass-through billing, percent of sales billing or fixed fee billing. Consideration for transition services provided to Victoria's Secret Co. is recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the nature of the service and as an offset to expenses incurred to provide the services. Costs for transition services provided by Victoria's Secret Co. are recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the nature of the service. 
 Costs Recognized 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 following the Distribution, which term will thereafter continuously renew unless and until Victoria s Secret Co. or the Company elects to terminate the arrangement upon or months prior written notice, respectively. Consideration for the transportation services is determined using customary billing and fixed billing methodologies, which are described in the agreement, and are subject to an administrative charge. Consideration for logistics services provided to Victoria's Secret Co. is recorded within Costs of Goods Sold, Buying and Occupancy in the Consolidated Statements of Income and as an offset to expenses incurred to provide the services. 
 
 Financial Information of Discontinued Operations 
 The Company did not report any assets or liabilities classified as discontinued operations for any period presented. 
 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax in the Consolidated Statements of Income reflects the after-tax results of the Victoria's Secret business and Separation-related fees, and does not include any allocation of general corporate overhead expense or interest expense of the Company. 
 Costs of Goods Sold, Buying and Occupancy ) ) General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses (a) ) ) Interest Expense ) ) Other Loss ) Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations Before Income Taxes ) Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes (b) ) ) Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax ) _______________ 
 (a) million. Prior to the Separation, these fees were reported in the Other category under the Company's previous segment reporting. 
 
 The cash flows related to discontinued operations have not been segregated. Accordingly, the 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows include the results from continuing and discontinued operations. The Company did not report any cash flows from discontinued operations during 2022. 
 Share-based Compensation Expense Deferred Income Taxes Victoria's Secret Asset Impairment Charges Gain from Victoria's Secret Hong Kong Store Closure and Lease Termination ) Gain Related to Formation of Victoria's Secret U.K. Joint Venture ) Capital Expenditures ) ) Net Repayments of Victoria's Secret Foreign Facilities ) 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022. These accounts receivable primarily relate to amounts due from the Company's franchise, license and wholesale partners. Under these arrangements, payment terms are typically to days. 
 The Company records deferred revenue when cash payments are received in advance of transfer of control of goods or services. Deferred revenue primarily relates to gift cards, loyalty points and awards, and direct channel shipments, which are all impacted by seasonal and holiday-related sales patterns. Deferred Revenue, which is recorded within Accrued Expenses and Other on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022. The Company recognized million as revenue in 2022 from amounts recorded as deferred revenue at the beginning of the Company's fiscal year. 
 Direct - U.S. and Canada International (a) Total Net Sales _______________ 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 4. 
 Treasury Shares ) ) ) Basic Shares Effect of Dilutive Awards Diluted Shares Anti-dilutive Awards (a) ________________ 

5. 
 Raw Materials and Merchandise Components Total Inventories 
 58 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Buildings and Improvements Furniture, Fixtures, Software and Equipment Leasehold Improvements Construction in Progress Total Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization ) ) Property and Equipment, Net 
 Depreciation expense from continuing operations was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 The Company s internationally-based long-lived assets, including operating lease assets, were million as of January 28, 2023 and million as of January 29, 2022. 
 
 7. 
 Variable Lease Costs Short-term Lease Costs Total Lease Cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Lease Payments Less: Interest ) Present Value of Operating Lease Liabilities 
 The Company accounts for all fixed consideration in a lease as a single lease component. Therefore, the payments used to measure the lease liability include fixed minimum rentals along with fixed operating costs such as common area maintenance and utilities. 
 As of January 28, 2023, the Company has additional operating lease commitments that have not yet commenced of million. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 Lease Assets obtained as a result of new Lease Liabilities ________________ 
 
 Finance Leases 
 The Company leases certain fulfillment equipment under finance leases that expire at various dates through 2029. The Company records finance lease assets, net of accumulated amortization, in Property and Equipment, Net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additionally, the Company records finance lease liabilities in Accrued Expenses and Other and Other Long-term Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance lease costs are comprised of the straight-line amortization of the lease asset and the accretion of interest expense under the effective interest method. The Company's finance lease assets and liabilities were not significant for any period presented. 
 
 8. 
 million as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. 
 The Company performed its qualitative goodwill impairment assessments as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 and determined that it was not more likely than not that fair value was less than carrying value (including goodwill) as of both dates. 
 Trade Name 
 The Company's Trade Name was million as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022. 
 The Company performed its impairment assessments of the Trade Name as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, utilizing the relief from royalty method under the income approach, and determined that its fair value was greater than its carrying value as of both dates. 
 
 9. 
 Compensation, Payroll Taxes and Benefits Interest Taxes, Other than Income Rent Accrued Claims on Self-insured Activities Other Total Accrued Expenses and Other 
 
 10. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. State Non-U.S. Total Deferred: U.S. Federal U.S. State Non-U.S. Total Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The non-U.S. component of pre-tax income, arising principally from overseas operations, was income of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 State Income Taxes, Net of Federal Income Tax Effect Impact of Non-U.S. Operations Share-based Compensation Uncertain Tax Positions Other Items, Net Effective Tax Rate 
 Deferred Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities represent the future effects on income taxes resulting from temporary differences and carryforwards at the end of the respective year. 
 Leases ) ) Share-based Compensation Property and Equipment ) ) ) ) Trade Names ) ) ) ) Other Assets ) ) ) ) Other, Net ) ) Valuation Allowance ) ) ) ) Total Deferred Income Taxes ) ) ) ) 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 million, of which million had an indefinite carryforward. The remainder of the U.S. and non-U.S. carryforwards, if unused, will expire at various dates from 2023 through 2040 and 2030 through 2041, re spectively. For certain jurisdictions where the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that the loss carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance has been provided on those loss carryforwards as well as other net deferred tax assets. 
 Income tax payments were million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Increases to Unrecognized Tax Benefits for Prior Years Decreases to Unrecognized Tax Benefits for Prior Years ) ) ) Increases to Unrecognized Tax Benefits as a Result of Current Year Activity Decreases to Unrecognized Tax Benefits Relating to Settlements with Taxing Authorities ) ) Decreases to Unrecognized Tax Benefits as a Result of a Lapse of the Applicable Statute of Limitations ) ) ) Gross Unrecognized Tax Benefits, as of the End of the Fiscal Year 
 Of the total gross unrecognized tax benefits, approximately million, million and million, at January 28, 2023, January 29, 2022, and January 30, 2021, respectively, represent the amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective income tax rate in future periods. These amounts are net of the offsetting tax effects from other tax jurisdictions. 
 Of the total unrecognized tax benefits, it is reasonably possible that million could change in the next 12 months due to audit settlements, expiration of statute of limitations or other resolution of uncertainties. Due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, it is possible that the ultimate resolution of audits may result in amounts which could be different from this estimate. In such case, the Company will record additional tax expense or tax benefit in the period in which such matters are effectively settled. 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as components of income tax expense. The Company recognized an income tax expense from interest and penalties of approximately million for 2022, and income tax benefits of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company had accrued million and million for the payment of interest and penalties as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, respectively. Accrued interest and penalties are included within Other Long-term Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The Company files U.S. federal income tax returns as well as income tax returns in various states and in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company is a participant in the Compliance Assurance Process ("CAP"), which is a program made available by the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") to certain qualifying large taxpayers, under which participants work collaboratively with the IRS to identify and resolve potential tax issues through open, cooperative and transparent interaction prior to the annual filing of their federal income tax returns. The IRS is currently examining the Company's 2020, 2021 and 2022 consolidated U.S. federal income tax returns. 
 The Company is also subject to various state and local income tax examinations for the years 2017 to 2021. Finally, the Company is subject to multiple non-U.S. tax jurisdiction examinations for the years 2010 to 2021. In some situations, the Company determines that it does not have a filing requirement in a particular tax jurisdiction. Where no return has been filed, no statute of limitations applies. Accordingly, if a tax jurisdiction reaches a conclusion that a filing requirement does exist, additional years may be reviewed by the tax authority. The Company believes it has appropriately accounted for uncertainties related to this issue. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2025 ("2025 Notes") 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due January 2027 ("2027 Notes") 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due February 2028 2028 Notes 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due June 2029 ("2029 Notes") 
 billion, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due October 2030 ("2030 Notes") 
 billion, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due November 2035 2035 Notes 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2036 2036 Notes 
 Total Senior Debt with Subsidiary Guarantee Senior Debt million, Fixed Interest Rate Debentures due March 2033 2033 Notes 
 million, Fixed Interest Rate Notes due July 2037 2037 Notes 
 Total Senior Debt Total Long-term Debt 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Cash paid for interest was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 Repurchases of Notes 
 In April 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining million of its outstanding senior notes due February 2022 and million of its outstanding senior secured notes due July 2025. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss related to this extinguishment of debt of million (after-tax loss of million), which included the write-off of unamortized issuance costs. This loss is included in Other Income (Loss) in the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 In September 2021, the Company completed the tender offers to purchase million of its outstanding senior notes due October 2023 (the "2023 Notes") and million of its outstanding 2025 Notes for an aggregate purchase price of million. Additionally, in October 2021, the Company redeemed the remaining million of its outstanding 2023 Notes for an aggregate purchase price of million. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss related to this extinguishment of debt of million (after-tax loss of million), which included the write-off of unamortized issuance costs. This loss is included in Other Income (Loss) in the 2021 Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 Asset-backed Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Company and certain of the Company's 100 owned subsidiaries guarantee and pledge collateral to secure an asset-backed revolving credit facility ABL Facility ). The ABL Facility, which allows borrowings and letters of credit in U.S. dollars or Canadian dollars, has aggregate commitments of million and an expiration date in August 2026. 
 Availability under the ABL Facility is the lesser of (i) the borrowing base, determined primarily based on the Company's eligible U.S. and Canadian credit card receivables, accounts receivable, inventory and eligible real property, or (ii) the aggregate commitment. If at any time, the outstanding amount under the ABL Facility exceeds the lesser of (i) the borrowing base and (ii) the aggregate commitment, the Company is required to repay the outstanding amounts under the ABL Facility to 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 million and it had no borrowings outstanding under the ABL Facility. 
 The ABL Facility supports the Company s letter of credit program. The Company had million of outstanding letters of credit as of January 28, 2023 that reduced its availability under the ABL Facility. As of January 28, 2023, the Company's availability under the ABL Facility was million. 
 As of January 28, 2023, the ABL Facility fees related to committed and unutilized amounts were per annum, and the fees related to outstanding letters of credit were per annum. In addition, the interest rate on outstanding U.S. dollar borrowings was the London Interbank Offered Rate plus per annum. The interest rate on outstanding Canadian dollar-denominated borrowings was the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate plus per annum. 
 The ABL Facility requires the Company to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.00 during an event of default or any period commencing on any day when specified excess availability is less than the greater of (i) million or (ii) of the maximum borrowing amount. As of January 28, 2023, the Company was not required to maintain this ratio. 
 
 12. 
 Fair Value, Estimated (a) 
 ________________ 
 (a) 
 Management believes that the carrying values of Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses approximate fair value because of their short maturity. 
 
 13. 
 million over at least to fund certain management and governance measures required under the settlement agreement. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 million as of January 28, 2023 related to lease payments under the current terms of noncancelable leases, primarily related to office space, expiring at various dates through 2037. These obligations include minimum rent and additional payments covering taxes, common area costs and certain other expenses and relate to leases that commenced prior to the disposition of these businesses. The Company's reserves related to these obligations were not significant for any period presented. 
 
 14. 
 million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 
 15. 
 repurchase any shares of its common stock during 2020. 
 2021 Repurchase Programs 
 In March 2021, the Board authorized a million share repurchase plan (the "March 2021 Program"), which replaced the million remaining under a March 2018 share repurchase program. 
 In July 2021, the Board authorized a billion share repurchase program (the "July 2021 Program"), which replaced the million remaining under the March 2021 Program. Under the authorization of this program, in July 2021 the Company entered into a stock repurchase agreement with its former Chief Executive Officer and certain of his affiliated entities pursuant to which the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. 
 July 2021 (a) July 2021 (b) Total _______________ 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 2022 Repurchase Program 
 In February 2022, the Board authorized a new billion share repurchase program (the "February 2022 Program"). As part of the February 2022 Program, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase program ("ASR") under which the Company repurchased billion of its own outstanding common stock. The delivery of shares under the ASR resulted in an immediate reduction of the shares used to calculate the weighted-average common shares outstanding for net income per basic and diluted share. Pursuant to the Board's authorization, the Company made other share repurchases in the open market under the February 2022 Program during 2022. 
 On February 4, 2022, the Company delivered billion to the ASR bank, and the bank delivered million shares of common stock to the Company (the "Initial Shares"). Pursuant to the terms of the ASR, the Initial Shares represented of the number of shares determined by dividing the billion Company payment by the closing price of its common stock on February 2, 2022. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of its common stock from the ASR bank for the final settlement of the ASR. The final number of shares of common stock delivered under the ASR was based generally upon a discount to the average daily Rule 10b-18 volume-weighted average price at which the shares of common stock traded during the regular trading sessions on the NYSE during the term of the repurchase period. 
 February 2022 - Accelerated Share Repurchase Program Total 
 The February 2022 Program had million of remaining authority as of January 28, 2023. 
 Common Stock Retirement 
 Shares of common stock repurchased under the July 2021 Program were retired and cancelled upon repurchase. As a result, the Company retired the million shares repurchased under the July 2021 Program during 2021, which resulted in reductions of million in the par value of Common Stock, million in Paid-in Capital and billion in Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit). 
 Shares of common stock repurchased under the February 2022 Program were retired and cancelled upon repurchase, including shares repurchased under the ASR. As a result, the Company retired the million shares repurchased under the February 2022 Program during 2022, which resulted in reductions of million in the par value of Common Stock, million in Paid-in Capital and billion in Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit). 
 Dividends 
 In connection with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board suspended the Company's quarterly cash dividend beginning in the second quarter of 2020. In March 2021, the Board reinstated the annual dividend at per share, beginning with the quarterly dividend paid in June 2021. In February 2022, the Board increased the annual dividend to per share, beginning with the quarterly dividend paid in March 2022. 
 Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2022 Total 
 2021 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2021 Total 
 2020 First Quarter Second Quarter Third Quarter Fourth Quarter 2020 Total 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 per share to stockholders of record at the close of business on February 17, 2023. 
 
 16. 
 years. Stock options and restricted stock units generally vest over three -to- five -years. Performance share units generally cliff vest at the end of a three -year performance period based upon the Company s achievement of pre-established goals over the performance period. 
 Under the Plans, million options, restricted and unrestricted shares have been authorized to be granted to associates and directors. There were million shares of common stock available for future issuance under the Plans as of January 28, 2023. In connection with the Separation, the maximum number of shares available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan and underlying outstanding awards under the Plans was equitably adjusted to prevent the dilution or enlargement of rights according to the terms of the Plans. 
 Income Statement Impacts 
 General, Administrative and Store Operating Expenses Total Share-based Compensation Expense 
 The tax benefit associated with recognized share-based compensation expense was million for 2022 and million for 2021. The Company recognized incremental tax expense associated with share-based compensation of million for 2020. 
 Victoria's Secret Co. Spin-Off 
 In connection with Separation, the Company adjusted its outstanding share-based awards in accordance with the terms of the Employee Matters Agreement entered into at the time of the Separation. Adjustments to the underlying shares and terms of outstanding restricted stock units, performance share units and stock options were made to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards immediately before and after the Separation. The adjustment of the underlying shares and exercise prices, as applicable, was determined using a ratio based on the relative values of the Company's pre-Distribution stock price and the Company's post-Distribution stock price. Following the Separation, the adjusted outstanding awards continue to vest over their original vesting schedules. The Company did not recognize any incremental compensation cost related to the adjustment of outstanding awards. The historical disclosures relating to 2021 and 2020 reported below within this Note 16 have not been segregated between continuing and discontinued operations. 
 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Share Units 
 Granted Vested ) Cancelled ) Unvested as of January 28, 2023 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 per share for 2022, per share for 2021 and per share for 2020. 
 The Company s total intrinsic value of awards that vested was million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. The Company s total fair value at grant date of awards that vested was million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 Tax benefits realized from tax deductions associated with awards that vested were million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 As of January 28, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested restricted stock and performance share units. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Stock Options 
 The fair value of stock options granted is determined using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The determination of the fair value of options is affected by the Company s stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, the Company's expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors. The Company's stock option activity, including stock options granted, exercised or cancelled, was not significant for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023. 
 As of January 28, 2023, there was less than million of total unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to unvested stock options. As of January 28, 2023, there were less than million outstanding stock options, the majority of which were fully vested, with a total intrinsic value of million. 
 
 17. 
 Gross Profit Operating Income Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Net Income from Continuing Operations Income from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax Net Income Net Income per Basic Share (a) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Total Net Income per Basic Share Net Income per Diluted Share (a) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations Total Net Income per Diluted Share 
 ________________ 
 (a) 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Gross Profit Operating Income Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes Net Income from Continuing Operations Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax ) Net Income Net Income (Loss) per Basic Share (d) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations ) Total Net Income per Basic Share Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share (d) Continuing Operations Discontinued Operations ) Total Net Income per Diluted Share 
 ________________ 
 (a) million pre-tax loss million after-tax) associated with the early extinguishment of outstanding notes. 
 (b) million pre-tax loss million after-tax) associated with the early extinguishment of outstanding notes. 
 (c) million million after-tax). 
 (d) 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of January 28, 2023 is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm . The Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting as of January 28, 2023 is set forth in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the fourth quarter 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 None. 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 Information required by Item 10 of Part III regarding our directors, executive officers and corporate governance is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Information regarding compliance with Section 16(A) of the Exchange Act is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The Company has a written Code of Conduct that applies to the Company's Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and others. The Code of Conduct is available on the Company's website at www.bbwinc.com (accessible by clicking on the "Investors" link on the main page followed by the "Corporate Governance" and "Governance Materials" link), and a printed copy will be delivered free of charge on request by writing to the Corporate Secretary of the Company at Three Limited Parkway, Columbus, Ohio 43230, c/o Chief Legal Officer. Any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Company's Code of Conduct that applies to the Company's Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and that relates to any element of the code of ethics enumerated in paragraph (b) of Item 406 of Regulation S-K shall be disclosed by posting such information on the Company's website at www.bbwinc.com . 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 Information required by Item 11 of Part III regarding executive compensation is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 Information required by Item 12 of Part III regarding the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The following table summarizes share and exercise price information about Bath Body Works, Inc.'s equity compensation plans as of January 28, 2023: 
 Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: Stock Incentive Plans (1) 3,062,994 47.44 (2) 14,148,371 Associate Stock Purchase Plan 2,400,000 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 3,062,994 47.44 16,548,371 
 ________________ 
 (1) Includes the following plans: the 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan; the 2015 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan and the 2011 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan ). There are no shares remaining available for grant under the 2015 Plan or the 2011 Plan. 
 (2) Does not include outstanding rights to receive shares of the Company's common stock upon the vesting of restricted share or performance share units. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 Information required by Item 13 of Part III regarding certain relationships and related transactions is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 Information required by Item 14 of Part III regarding principal accountant fees and services is included in our Proxy Statement related to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements The following consolidated financial statements of Bath Body Works, Inc. are filed as part of this report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Income Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Consolidated Balance Sheets Consolidated Statements of Total Equity (Deficit) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (2) Financial Statement Schedules Schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required to be set forth therein either is not material or is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. (3) List of Exhibits 3. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated May 20, 2020), as amended by the Certificate of Amendment of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 28, 2022). 
 4. Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders. 4.1 Conformed copy of the Indenture dated as of March 15, 1988 between the Company and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-105484) filed on May 22, 2003. 
 4.2 Proposed form of Debt Warrant Agreement for Warrants attached to Debt Securities, with proposed form of Debt Warrant Certificate incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-53366) originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 16, 1992, as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, filed with the SEC on February 23, 1993 (the 1993 Form S-3 ). (P) 4.3 Proposed form of Debt Warrant Agreement for Warrants not attached to Debt Securities, with proposed form of Debt Warrant Certificate incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the 1993 Form S-3. (P) 4.4 Indenture dated as of February 19, 2003 between the Company and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-104633) filed on April 18, 2003. 
 4.5 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2005 among the Company, The Bank of New York and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 333-125561) filed on June 6, 2005. 
 4.6 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 17, 2007 between the Company and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 333-146420) filed on October 1, 2007. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 4.7 Form of Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 25, 2011 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.6 to the post-effective amendment to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 333-170406) filed on March 22, 2011. 
 4.8 Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2012 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 28, 2012. 
 4.9 Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 22, 2013 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.8 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 333-191968) filed on October 29, 2013. 
 4.10 Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2013 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Reg. No. 333-191968) filed on October 29, 2013. 
 4.11 Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2015 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-209114) filed on January 25, 2016. 
 4.12 Indenture dated as of October 30, 2015 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2015. 
 4.13 Indenture, dated as of June 16, 2016, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 16, 2016. 
 4.14 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 16, 2016 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 16, 2016. 
 4.15 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 23, 2018 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 23, 2018. 
 4.16 Indenture dated as of June 18, 2018 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-227288) filed on September 11, 2018. 
 4.17 Supplemental Indenture No. 1 dated as of June 29, 2018 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 (Reg. No. 333-227288) filed on September 11, 2018. 
 4.18 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2019 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 24, 2019. 
 4.19 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2019 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 3, 2019. 
 4.20 Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2019 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 3, 2019. 
 4.21 Indenture dated as of June 18, 2020 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18, 2020. 
 4.22 Indenture dated as of June 18, 2020 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 18, 2020. 
 4.23 Indenture dated as of September 30, 2020 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2020. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 4.24 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2020 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 19, 2020. 
 4.25 Description of the Registrant's Securities. 
 4.26 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.27 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.28 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.29 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.30 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.31 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.32 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.33 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.34 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.35 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.35 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.36 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.36 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 4.37 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2021 among the Company, the guarantors named therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022. 
 10. Material Contracts. 10.1 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the directors and executive officers of the Company. 
 10.2 2011 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2012. 
 10.3 2015 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-206787) filed on September 4, 2015. 
 10.4 2015 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions of Restricted Share Unit Grant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2015. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 10.5 2015 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Terms and Conditions of Stock Option Grant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2015. 
 10.6 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix C to the Company's Proxy Statement dated April 2, 2020. 
 10.7 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Form of Associate Award), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021. 
 10.8 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Performance Share Unit Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021. 
 10.9 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 1, 2021. 
 10.10 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement between the Company and Sarah Nash, dated as of March 11, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2022. 
 10.11 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Form of Director Award Agreement). 
 10.12 Amended and Restated 2015 Cash Incentive Compensation Performance Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 29, 2022. 
 10.13 Associate Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 13, 2022. 
 10.14 Offer Letter between the Company and Gina Boswell, dated as of November 1, 2022. 
 10.15 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement between the Company and Gina Boswell, dated as of December 1, 2022. 
 10.16 Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Gina Boswell, dated as of December 1, 2022. 
 10.17 Executive Letter Agreement between the Company and Wendy Arlin, dated August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2021. 
 10.18 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement between the Company and Wendy Arlin, dated as of May 12, 2021. 
 10.19 Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Wendy Arlin, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.20 Executive Retention Agreement between the Company and Wendy Arlin, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.21 Executive Employment Agreement between Bath and Body Works, LLC and Deon Riley, dated February 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021. 
 10.22 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement between the Company and Deon Riley, dated as of December 7, 2020. 
 10.23 Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Deon Riley, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.24 Executive Retention Agreement between the Company and Deon Riley, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.25 Executive Employment Agreement between Bath Body Works, LLC and Julie Rosen, dated as of February 3, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 10.26 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement between the Company and Julie Rosen, dated as of July 23, 2020. 
 10.27 Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Julie Rosen, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.28 Executive Retention Agreement between the Company and Julie Rosen, dated as of May 13, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.29 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement between the Company and Michael Wu, dated as of April 19, 2021. 
 10.30 Offer Letter between the Company and Michael Wu, dated as of April 19, 2021. 
 10.31 Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Michael Wu, dated as of May 13, 2022. 
 10.32 Executive Retention Agreement between the Company and Michael Wu, dated as of May 13, 2022. 
 10.33 Transition General Release Agreement between the Company and Andrew Meslow, dated as of May 4, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 5, 2022. 
 10.34 Executive Retirement Agreement between the Company and Stuart Burgdoerfer, dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2021. 
 10.35 Second Amended and Restated Master Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement effective as of August 13, 2021 between the Company and L Brands Service Company, LLC. 
 10.36 Separation and Distribution Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.37 L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.38 Amendment No. 1 to L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of July 20, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.39 Amendment No. 2 to L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of January 23, 2023. 
 10.40 VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.41 Amendment No. 1 to VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of July 20, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 30, 2022. 
 10.42 Amendment No. 2 to VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of January 23, 2023. 
 10.43 Tax Matters Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.44 Employee Matters Agreement between the Company and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.45 Domestic Transportation Services Agreement between Mast Logistics Services, LLC and Victoria s Secret Co., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 10.46 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement among the Company, the borrowing subsidiaries party thereto, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., dated as of August 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 3, 2021. 
 21. Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 22. List of Guarantor Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. 
 24. Powers of Attorney. 
 31.1 Section 302 Certification of CEO. 
 31.2 Section 302 Certification of CFO. 
 32. Section 906 Certification (by CEO and CFO). 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________ 
 Identifies management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted exhibit or schedule upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. (P) Paper Exhibits (b) Exhibits. The exhibits to this report are listed in section (a)(3) of Item 15 above. (c) Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 None. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or l5(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 17, 2023 
 BATH BODY WORKS, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ WENDY C. ARLIN Wendy C. Arlin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 17, 2023: 
 Signature Title /s/ GINA R. BOSWELL Director and Chief Executive Officer Gina R. Boswell (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ WENDY C. ARLIN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Wendy C. Arlin (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ SARAH E. NASH Chair of the Board of Directors Sarah E. Nash /s/ PATRICIA S. BELLINGER Director Patricia S. Bellinger /s/ ALESSANDRO BOGLIOLO Director Alessandro Bogliolo /s/ LUCY O. BRADY Director Lucy O. Brady /s/ FRANCIS A. HONDAL Director Francis A. Hondal Director Thomas J. Kuhn /s/ DANIELLE M. LEE Director Danielle M. Lee /s/ MICHAEL G. MORRIS Director Michael G. Morris /s/ JUAN RAJLIN Director Juan Rajlin /s/ STEPHEN D. STEINOUR Director Stephen D. Steinour /s/ JAMES K. SYMANCYK Director James K. Symancyk /s/ STEVEN E. VOSKUIL Director Steven E. Voskuil 
 The undersigned, by signing her name hereto, does hereby sign this report on behalf of each of the above-indicated directors of the registrant pursuant to powers of attorney executed by such directors. By: /s/ WENDY C. ARLIN Wendy C. Arlin Attorney-in-fact 
 78 

<EX-4.25>
 2
 bbwi128202310kexhibit425.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Document 

Exhibit 4.25 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following is a summary of the material terms of our securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following description of the terms of our common stock is not meant to be complete and is qualified by reference to our restated certificate of incorporation certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws bylaws ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our Annual Report on Form 10 K, of which this exhibit is a part. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for additional information. 
 Description of OUR COMMON Stock 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of one billion shares of common stock with 0.50 par value and 10 million shares of preferred stock with 1.00 par value. 
 Common Stock 
 The outstanding shares of common stock are, and any shares of common stock issued will be, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. There are no restrictions on the alienability of shares of our common stock, and there are no sinking fund provisions for the redemption or purchase of shares of our common stock. The rights of holders of shares of our common stock will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any shares of preferred stock that our Board of Directors may authorize and issue in the future, and may be modified by amendments to our certificate of incorporation and Delaware corporate law. 
 Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BBWI. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held of record on the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Holders of common stock do not have cumulative voting rights. 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to the rights of holders of any shares of preferred stock which may at the time be outstanding, holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends as may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. 
 Rights upon Liquidation or Dissolution 
 In the event of liquidation or dissolution, each share of common stock is entitled to share pro rata in any distribution of our assets after payment or providing for the payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. Holders of our common stock have no preferential, preemptive, conversion or redemption rights. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Under our certificate of incorporation, without further stockholder action, our Board of Directors is authorized to provide for the issuance of up to ten million shares of preferred stock without any further approval from our stockholders. Preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, with such designations of titles, number of shares to comprise each series, dividend rates, any redemption provisions, special or relative rights in the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Bath & Body Works, Inc., any sinking fund provisions, any conversion provisions, any voting rights and any other preferences, rights and limitations as shall be set forth as and when established by our Board of Directors. 
 Acting under this authority, our Board of Directors could create and issue a series of preferred stock with rights, preferences and limitations, and adopt a stockholder rights plan having the effect of, discriminating against an existing or 
 1 

prospective holder of securities as a result of such stockholder beneficially owning or commencing a tender offer for a substantial amount of our common stock. One of the effects of authorized but unissued and unreserved shares of preferred stock may be to render more difficult or discourage an attempt by a potential acquirer to obtain control of Bath & Body Works, Inc. by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, and thereby protect the continuity of our management. The issuance of such shares of preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of Bath & Body Works, Inc. without any further action by our stockholders. We have no present intention to adopt a stockholder rights plan, but could do so without stockholder approval at any future time. 
 The shares of any series of serial preferred stock will be, when issued, fully paid and nonassessable and the holders will have no preemptive rights in connection with the preferred stock. 
 Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Board Nominations 
 Our bylaws provide that the number of directors will be fixed from time to time pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors but must consist of not less than six or more than fifteen directors. 
 Nominations for the election of directors may be made by the Board of Directors or by any stockholder entitled to vote for the election of directors. Any such nomination of a person for election at our annual meeting, if not made by the Board of Directors, must be made by notice in writing to our Secretary and must contain the information required by our bylaws. Such notice must be delivered or mailed and received at our principal executive offices, not less than 60 days nor more than 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders provided that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced more than 30 days prior to such anniversary date or delayed more than 60 days after such anniversary date then such notice must be received no later than the later of 70 days prior to the meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting was made. Pursuant to our proxy access bylaw, up to 20 stockholders owning 3 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock continuously for at least three years may nominate the greater of two directors or up to 20 of our Board of Directors (rounded down to the nearest whole number), and include those nominees in our proxy materials. Notice of stockholder nominations for persons for election as a director that are to be included in our proxy statement must be delivered or mailed and received at our principal executive offices, not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date that we first distributed our proxy statement to stockholders for the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. 
 The holders of preferred stock may be granted the right to elect a specific number of directors without any vote of the holders of shares of our common stock. 
 Amendments to our Bylaws 
 Our certificate of incorporation grants our Board of Directors the authority to amend our bylaws without a stockholder vote. 
 Certain Anti-Takeover Effects 
 Certain Business Combinations and Transactions 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that certain business combinations with any entity that beneficially owns 20 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock and any outstanding shares of preferred stock entitled to vote on each matter on which the holders of record of our common stock shall be entitled to vote (the Voting Shares (such entity, an Interested Person will require for its approval the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the Voting Shares held by stockholders other than the Interested Person. 
 This provision does not apply if two-thirds of the Continuing Directors (as defined below) approved either the business combination or the acquisition of the Voting Shares which caused the Interested Person to own 20 or more of the Voting Shares. This provision also does not apply to any business combination where two-thirds of the Continuing Directors determine the consideration per share to be received by holders of the Voting Shares in connection with the business combination to be not less than the highest price per share paid by the Interested Person in acquiring the Voting Shares. 
 The term Continuing Director means a director who was a member of our Board of Directors immediately prior to the time that such Interested Person became an Interested Person, or a director who was elected or appointed to fill a vacancy after the date that such Interested Person became an Interested Person by a majority of the then-current Continuing Directors. 
 2 

Delaware Business Combination Statute 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law is applicable to us and restricts certain transactions and business combinations between a corporation and a 15 stockholder for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the stockholder acquires 15 or more of the company s outstanding voting stock unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes mergers, asset sales and other transactions resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. 
 Registrar and Transfer Agent 
 A register of holders of our shares of common stock is maintained by American Stock Transfer, who serves as registrar and transfer agent. 
 3 

</EX-4.25>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 bbwi128202310kexhibit101.htm
 FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT WITH THE DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

 INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the DAY day of MONTH , YEAR , by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the undersigned (the lndemnitee ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 WHEREAS, it is essential to the Company that it attract and retain as directors and officers the most capable persons available and 
 
 WHEREAS, Indemnitee is a director and or officer of the Company and 
 
 WHEREAS, both the Company and Indemnitee recognize the increased risk of litigation and other claims being asserted against directors and officers of public companies in the current environment and 
 
 WHEREAS, in recognition of Indemnitee's need for protection against personal liability in order to enhance Indemnitee's continued service to the Company in an effective manner, and in order to induce Indemnitee to continue to provide services to the Company as a director or officer thereof, the Company wishes to provide in this Agreement for the indemnification of Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law and as set forth in this Agreement 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the covenants contained herein and Indemnitee's continued service to the Company, the Company and Indemnitee, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 Section 1. Definitions . The following terms, as used herein, shall have the following respective meanings 
 
 Affiliate of any specified Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any specified Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings relative to the foregoing. 
 
 Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if, other than as approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company in office immediately prior to such event (a) any person, other than (i) a trustee or other fiduciary holding Voting Securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company, (ii) a corporation owned directly or indirectly by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of stock of the Company or (iii) Bath & Body Works, Inc., any subsidiary of Bath & Body Works, Inc. or any successor to Bath & Body Works, Inc. or any subsidiary thereof, is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Voting Securities representing 20 or more of the total voting power represented by the Company's then outstanding Voting Securities, (b) during any period of two consecutive years, individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of Directors of the Company and any new director whose election by the Board of Directors or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for 
 
 1 

election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof, or (c) the stockholders of the Company approve (i) a merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into Voting Securities of the surviving entity) at least 80 of the total voting power represented by the Voting Securities of the Company or such surviving entity outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation, or (ii) a plan of complete liquidation of the Company or an agreement for the sale or disposition by the Company (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of all or substantially all of the Company's assets. 
 
 Claim means (a) any threatened, pending or completed action, suit, proceeding or arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution mechanism, or (b) any inquiry, hearing or investigation, whether conducted by the Company or any other Person, that Indemnitee in good faith believes might lead to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or arbitration or other alternative dispute resolution mechanism, in each case whether civil, criminal, administrative or other (whether or not the claims or allegations therein are groundless, false or fraudulent) and includes, without limitation, those brought by or in the name of the Company or any director or officer of the Company. 
 
 Company Agent means serving as a director, officer, partner, employee, agent, trustee or fiduciary of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Other Enterprise. 
 
 Covered Event means any event or occurrence on or after the date of this Agreement related to the fact that Indemnitee is or was a Company Agent or related to anything done or not done by Indemnitee in any such capacity, and includes, without limitation, any such event or occurrence (a) arising from performance of the responsibilities, obligations or duties imposed by ERISA or any similar applicable provisions of state or common law, or (b) arising from any merger, consolidation or other business combination involving the Company, any Subsidiary or any Other Enterprise, including without limitation any sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Other Enterprise. 
 
 D & O Insurance means the directors' and officers' liability insurance of the Company in effect on the date of this Agreement, and any replacement or substitute policies issued by one or more reputable insurers providing in all respects coverage at least comparable to and in the same amount as that provided by the policy in effect on the date of this Agreement, in each case except for any changes approved by a majority of the Board of Directors of the Company prior to a Change in Control. 
 
 Determination means a determination made by (a) a majority vote of a quorum of Disinterested Directors (b) Independent Legal Counsel, in a written opinion addressed to the Company and Indemnitee (c) the stockholders of the Company or (d) a decision by a court of competent jurisdiction not subject to further appeal. 
 
 Disinterested Director shall be a director of the Company who is not or was not a party to the Claim giving rise to the subject matter of a Determination. 
 
 Expenses includes attorneys' fees and all other costs, travel expenses, fees of experts, transcript costs, filing fees, witness fees, telephone charges, postage, copying costs, delivery services fees and other expenses and obligations of any nature whatsoever reasonably paid or incurred in connection with investigating, prosecuting 
 
 2 

or defending, being a witness in or participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to prosecute or defend, be a witness in or participate in any Claim, for which Indemnitee is or becomes legally obligated to pay. 
 
 Independent Legal Counsel shall mean a law firm or a member of a law firm that (a) neither is nor in the past five years has been retained to represent in any material matter the Company, any Subsidiary, Indemnitee or any other party to the Claim, (b) under applicable standards of professional conduct then prevailing would not have a conflict of interest in representing either the Company or Indemnitee in an action to determine Indemnitee's rights to indemnification under this Agreement and (c) is reasonably acceptable to the Company and Indemnitee. 
 
 Loss means any amount which Indemnitee is legally obligated to pay as a result of any Claim, including, without limitation (a) all judgments, penalties and fines, and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, (b) all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection therewith and (c) any federal, state, local or foreign taxes imposed (net of the value to Indemnitee of any tax benefits resulting from tax deductions or otherwise) as a result of the actual or deemed receipt of any payments under this Agreement, including the creation of the Trust. 
 
 Other Enterprise means any corporation (other than the Company or any Subsidiary), partnership, joint venture, association, employee benefit plan, trust or other enterprise or organization for which Indemnitee acts as a Company Agent at the request of the Company or any Subsidiary. Indemnitee shall be deemed to be acting as a Company Agent of an Other Enterprise at the request of the Company with respect to any Other Enterprise in which the Company or any Subsidiary has an investment as to which Indemnitee shall act as a Company Agent from time to time. Indemnitee shall be deemed to be acting as a Company Agent of an Other Enterprise at the request of the Company, if Indemnitee acts as a Company Agent of an Other Enterprise at the written or oral request of the Board of Directors of the Company or of any Subsidiary by which the Indemnitee is employed from time to time, at the written or oral request of an executive officer of the Company or of any Subsidiary by which the Indemnitee is employed from time to time or if Indemnitee acts as a Company Agent of an Other Enterprise by reason of being requested, elected, hired or retained to succeed or assume the responsibilities of a Person who previously acted as a Company Agent of an Other Enterprise at the request of the Company. 
 
 Parent shall have the meaning set forth in the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended provided the term Parent shall not include the board of directors of a corporation in its capacity as a board of directors, and provided further that if the other party to any transaction referred to in Section 12.1.2 has no Parent as so defined above, Parent shall mean such other party. 
 
 Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or government (or any subdivision, department, commission or agency thereof), and includes without limitation any person , as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Potential Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if (a) the 
 Company enters into an agreement or arrangement the consummation of which would result in the occurrence of a Change in Control, (b) any Person (including the Company) publicly announces an intention to take or to consider taking actions which if consummated would constitute a Change in Control or (c) the Board of Directors of 
 
 3 

the Company adopts a resolution to the effect that, for purposes of this Agreement, a Potential Change in Control has occurred. 
 
 Subsidiary means any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation is now or hereafter owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company. 
 
 Trust has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2. 
 
 Voting Securities means any securities of the Company which vote generally in the election of directors. 
 
 Section 2. Indemnification. 
 
 2.1. General Indemnity Obligation. 
 
 2.1.1. Subject to the remaining provisions of this Agreement, the Company hereby indemnifies and holds Indemnitee harmless for any Losses or Expenses arising from any Claims relating to (or arising in whole or in part out of) any Covered Event, including, without limitation, any Claim the basis of which is any actual or alleged breach of duty, neglect, error, misstatement, misleading statement, omission or other act done or attempted by Indemnitee in the capacity as a Company Agent, whether or not Indemnitee is acting or serving in such capacity at the date of this Agreement, at the time liability is incurred or at the time the Claim is initiated. 
 
 2.1.2. The obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall apply to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by the provisions of applicable law, as presently in effect or as changed after the date of this Agreement, whether by statute or judicial decision (but, in the case of any subsequent change, only to the extent that such change permits the Company to provide broader indemnification than permitted prior to giving effect thereto). 
 
 2.1.3. Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Agreement in connection with any Claim initiated by Indemnitee against the Company or any director or officer of the Company, unless the Company has joined in or consented to the initiation of such Claim provided, the provisions of this Section 
 2.1.3 shall not apply following a Change in Control to Claims seeking enforcement of this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or any other agreement now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Covered 
 Events. 
 
 2.1.4. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion of the Losses or Expenses paid with respect to a Claim but not, however, for the total amount thereof, the Company shall nevertheless indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless against the portion thereof to which Indemnitee is entitled. 
 
 2.1.5. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, to the extent that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any or all Claims relating to (or arising in whole or in part out of) a Covered Event or in defense of any issue or matter therein, including dismissal without prejudice, the Company shall indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless against all expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection therewith. 
 
 4 

2.2. Indemnification for Serving as Witness and Certain Other Claims. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Company hereby indemnifies and holds Indemnitee harmless for all Expenses in connection with (a) the preparation to serve or service as a witness in any Claim in which Indemnitee is not a party, if such actual or proposed service as a witness arose by reason of Indemnitee having served as a Company Agent on or after the date of this Agreement and (b) any Claim initiated by Indemnitee on or after the date of this Agreement (i) for recovery under any directors' and officers' liability insurance maintained by the Company or (ii) following a Change in Control, for enforcement of the indemnification obligations of the Company under this Agreement, the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company or any other agreement now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Covered Events, regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to such insurance recovery or indemnification, as the case may be. 
 
 Section 3. Limitations on Indemnification. 
 
 3.1. Coverage Limitations. No indemnification is available pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement 
 
 3.1.1. If such indemnification is not lawful 
 
 3.1.2. If Indemnitee's conduct giving rise to the Claim with respect to which indemnification is requested was knowingly fraudulent, a knowing violation of law, deliberately dishonest or in bad faith or constituted willful misconduct 
 
 3.1.3. In respect of any Claim based upon or attributable to Indemnitee gaining in fact any personal profit or advantage to which Indemnitee was not legally entitled 
 
 3.1.4. In respect of any Claim for an accounting of profits made from the purchase or sale by Indemnitee of securities of the Company within the meaning of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 3.1.5. In respect of any Claim based upon any violation of Section 174 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended or 
 
 3.1.6. In respect of any reimbursement of the Company by Indemnitee of any bonus or other incentive-based or equity-based compensation as required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (including any such reimbursements that arise from an accounting restatement of the Company pursuant to Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the payment to the Company of profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in violation of Section 306 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 
 3.2. No Duplication of Payments . The Company shall not be liable under this Agreement to make any payment otherwise due and payable to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment (whether under the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company, the D & O Insurance or otherwise) of any amounts otherwise due and payable under this Agreement. 
 
 Section 4. Payments and Determinations. 
 
 4.1. Advancement and Reimbursement of Expenses . If requested by Indemnitee, the Company shall advance to Indemnitee, no later than 10 days following 
 
 5 

any such request, any and all Expenses for which indemnification is available under Section 2. Upon any Determination that Indemnitee is not permitted to be indemnified for any expenses so advanced, Indemnitee hereby agrees to reimburse the Company (or, as appropriate, any Trust established pursuant to Section 9.2) for all such amounts previously paid. Such obligation of reimbursement shall be unsecured and no interest shall be charged thereon. 
 
 4.2. Payment and Determination Procedures. 
 
 4.2.1. To obtain indemnification under this Agreement, Indemnitee shall submit to the Company a written request, together with such documentation and information as is reasonably available to Indemnitee and is reasonably necessary to determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification. The Secretary of the Company shall, promptly upon receipt of such a request for indemnification, advise the Board of Directors in writing that Indemnitee has requested indemnification. 
 
 4.2.2. Upon written request by Indemnitee for indemnification pursuant to Section 4.2.1, a Determination with respect to Indemnitee's entitlement thereto shall be made in the specific case (a) if a Change in Control shall have occurred, as provided in Section 9.1 and (b) if a Change in Control shall not have occurred, by (i) the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum of Disinterested Directors, (ii) Independent Legal Counsel, if either (A) a quorum of Disinterested Directors is not obtainable or (B) a majority vote of a quorum of Disinterested Directors otherwise so directs or (iii) the stockholders of the Company (if submitted by the Board of Directors). If a Determination is made that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, payment to Indemnitee shall be made within 10 days after such Determination. 
 
 4.2.3. If no Determination is made within 60 days after receipt by the Company of a request for indemnification by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 4.2.1, a Determination shall be deemed to have been made that Indemnitee is entitled to the requested indemnification (and the Company shall pay the related Losses and Expenses no later than 10 days after the expiration of such 60-day period), except where such indemnification is not lawful provided, however, that (a) such 60-day period may be extended for a reasonable time, not to exceed an additional 30 days, if the Person or Persons making the Determination in good faith require such additional time for obtaining or evaluating the documentation and information relating thereto and (b) the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.2.3 shall not apply (i) if the Determination is to be made by the stockholders of the Company and if (A) within 15 days after receipt by the Company of the request by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 
 4.2.1 the Board of Directors has resolved to submit such Determination to the stockholders at an annual meeting of the stockholders to be held within 75 days after such receipt, and such Determination is made at such annual meeting, or (B) a special meeting of stockholders is called within 15 days after such receipt for the purpose of making such Determination, such meeting is held for such purpose within 60 days after having been so called and such Determination is made at such special meeting, or (ii) if the Determination is to be made by Independent Legal Counsel. 
 
 Section 5. D & O Insurance. 
 
 5.1. Current Policies. The Company hereby represents and warrants to 
 Indemnitee that the D & O Insurance is in full force and effect. 
 
 5.2. Continued Coverage. The Company shall maintain the D & O Insurance for so long as this Agreement remains in effect provided that such coverage is 
 
 6 

available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms. The Company shall cause the D & O Insurance to cover Indemnitee, in accordance with its terms and at all times such insurance is in effect, to the maximum extent of the coverage provided thereby for any director or officer of the Company. 
 
 5.3. Indemnification . In the event of any reduction in, or cancellation of, the D & O Insurance (whether voluntary or involuntary on behalf of the Company), the Company shall, and hereby agrees to, indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless against any Losses or Expenses which Indemnitee is or becomes obligated to pay as a result of the Company's failure to maintain the D & O Insurance in effect in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, notwithstanding any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company, or any other agreement now or hereafter in effect relating to indemnification for Covered Events. The indemnification available under this Section 5.3 is in addition to all other obligations of indemnification of the Company under this Agreement and shall be the only remedy of Indemnitee for a breach by the Company of its obligations set forth in Section 5.2. 
 
 Section 6. Subrogation. In the event of any payment under this Agreement to or on behalf of Indemnitee, the Company shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of recovery of Indemnitee against any Person other than the Company or Indemnitee in respect of the Claim giving rise to such payment. Indemnitee shall execute all papers reasonably required and shall do everything reasonably necessary to secure such rights, including the execution of such documents reasonably necessary to enable the Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights. 
 
 Section 7. Notifications and Defense of Claims. 
 
 7.1. Notice by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall give notice in writing to the Company as soon as practicable after Indemnitee becomes aware of any Claim with respect to which indemnification will or could be sought under this Agreement provided the failure of Indemnitee to give such notice, or any delay in giving such notice, shall not relieve the Company of its obligations under this Agreement except to the extent the Company is actually prejudiced by any such failure or delay. 
 
 7.2. Insurance . The Company shall give prompt notice of the commencement of any Claim relating to Covered Events to the insurers on the D & O Insurance, if any, in accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies in favor of Indemnitee. The Company shall thereafter take all necessary action to cause such insurers to pay, on behalf of Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a result of such Claims in accordance with the terms of such policies. 
 
 7.3. Defense . 
 
 7.3.1. In the event any Claim relating to Covered Events is by or in the right of the Company, Indemnitee may, at the option of Indemnitee, either control the defense therefor or accept the defense provided under the D & O Insurance provided, however, that Indemnitee may not control the defense if such decision would jeopardize the coverage provided by the D & O Insurance, if any, to the Company or the other directors and officers covered thereby. 

7 

7.3.2. In the event any Claim relating to Covered Events is other than by or in the right of the Company, Indemnitee may, at the option of Indemnitee, either control the defense thereof, require the Company to defend or accept the defense provided under the D & O Insurance provided, however, that Indemnitee may not control the defense or require the Company to defend if such decision would jeopardize the coverage provided by the D & O Insurance to the Company or the other directors and officers covered thereby. In the event that Indemnitee requires the Company to so defend, or in the event that Indemnitee proceeds under the D & O Insurance but Indemnitee determines that such insurers under the D & O Insurance are unable or unwilling to adequately defend Indemnitee against any such Claim, the Company shall promptly undertake to defend any such Claim, at the Company's sole cost and expense, utilizing counsel of Indemnitee's choice who has been approved by the Company. If appropriate, the Company shall have the right to participate in the defense of any such Claim. 
 
 7.3.3. In the event the Company shall fail, as required by any election by Indemnitee pursuant to Section 7.3.2, to timely to defend Indemnitee against any such Claim, Indemnitee shall have the right to do so, including without limitation, the right (notwithstanding Section 7.3.4) to make any settlement thereof, and to recover from the Company, to the extent otherwise permitted by this Agreement, all Expenses and Losses paid as a result thereof. 
 
 7.3.4. The Company shall have no obligation under this Agreement with respect to any amounts paid or to be paid in settlement of any Claim without the express prior written consent of the Company to any related settlement. In no event shall the Company authorize any settlement imposing any liability or other obligations on Indemnitee without the express prior written consent of Indemnitee. Neither the Company nor Indemnitee shall unreasonably withhold consent to any proposed settlement. 
 
 Section 8. Determinations and Related Matters. 
 
 8.1. Presumptions. 
 
 8.1.1. If a Change in Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall be entitled to a rebuttable presumption that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification under this Agreement and the Company shall have the burden of proof in rebutting such presumption. 
 
 8.1.2. The termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not adversely affect either the right of Indemnitee to indemnification under this Agreement or the presumptions to which Indemnitee is otherwise entitled pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement nor create a presumption that Indemnitee did not meet any particular standard of conduct or have a particular belief or that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by applicable law. 
 
 8.2. Appeals Enforcement. 
 
 8.2.1. In the event that (a) a Determination is made that Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification under this Agreement, (b) any Determination to be made by Independent Legal Counsel is not made within 90 days of receipt by the Company of a request for indemnification pursuant to Section 4.2.1 or (c) the 
 
 8 

Company fails to otherwise perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (including, without limitation, its obligation to make payments to Indemnitee following any Determination made or deemed to have been made that such payments are appropriate), Indemnitee shall have the right to commence a Claim in any court of competent jurisdiction, as appropriate, to seek a Determination by the court, to challenge or appeal any Determination which has been made, or to otherwise enforce this Agreement. If a Change of Control shall have occurred, Indemnitee shall have the option to have any such Claim conducted by a single arbitrator pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Any such judicial proceeding challenging or appealing any Determination shall be deemed to be conducted de novo and without prejudice by reason of any prior Determination to the effect that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification under this Agreement. Any such Claim shall be at the sole expense of Indemnitee except as provided in Section 9.3. 
 
 8.2.2. If a Determination shall have been made or deemed to have been made pursuant to this Agreement that Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification, the Company shall be bound by such Determination in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 8.2, except if such indemnification is unlawful. 
 
 8.2.3. The Company shall be precluded from asserting in any judicial proceeding or arbitration commenced pursuant to this Section 8.2 that the procedures and presumptions of this Agreement are not valid, binding and enforceable and shall stipulate in any such court or before any such arbitrator that the Company is bound by all the provisions of this Agreement. The Company hereby consents to service of process and to appear in any such judicial or arbitration proceedings and shall not oppose Indemnitee's right to commence any such proceedings. 
 
 8.3. Procedures. Indemnitee shall cooperate with the Company and with any Person making any Determination with respect to any Claim for which a claim for indemnification under this Agreement has been made, as the Company may reasonably require. Indemnitee shall provide to the Company or the Person making any Determination, upon reasonable advance request, any documentation or information reasonably available to Indemnitee and necessary to (a) the Company with respect to any such Claim or (b) the Person making any Determination with respect thereto. 
 
 Section 9. Change in Control Procedures. 
 
 9.1. Determinations. If there is a Change in Control, any Determination to be made under Section 4 shall be made by Independent Legal Counsel selected by Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld). The Company shall pay the reasonable fees of the Independent Legal Counsel and indemnify fully such Independent Legal Counsel against any and all expenses (including attorneys' fees), claims, liabilities and damages arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the engagement of Independent Legal Counsel pursuant hereto. 
 
 9.2. Establishment of Trust . Following the occurrence of any Potential Change in Control, the Company, upon receipt of a written request from Indemnitee, shall create a Trust (the Trust for the benefit of Indemnitee, the trustee of which shall be a bank or similar financial institution with trust powers chosen by Indemnitee. From time to time, upon the written request of Indemnitee, the Company shall fund the Trust in amounts sufficient to satisfy any and all Losses and Expenses reasonably 
 
 9 

anticipated at the time of each such request to be incurred by Indemnitee for which indemnification may be available under this Agreement. The amount or amounts to be deposited in the Trust pursuant to the foregoing funding obligation shall be determined by mutual agreement of Indemnitee and the Company or, if the Company and Indemnitee are unable to reach such an agreement or, in any event, a Change in Control has occurred, by Independent Legal Counsel (selected pursuant to Section 9.1). The terms of the Trust shall provide that, except upon the prior written consent of Indemnitee and the Company, (a) the Trust shall not be revoked or the principal thereof invaded, other than to make payments to unsatisfied judgment creditors of the Company, (b) the Trust shall continue to be funded by the Company in accordance with the funding obligations set forth in this Section, (c) the Trustee shall promptly pay or advance to Indemnitee any amounts to which Indemnitee shall be entitled pursuant to this Agreement, and (d) all unexpended funds in the Trust shall revert to the Company upon a Determination by Independent Legal Counsel (selected pursuant to Section 9.1) or a court of competent jurisdiction that Indemnitee has been fully indemnified under the terms of this Agreement. All income earned on the assets held in the trust shall be reported as income by the Company for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes. 
 
 9.3. Expenses. Following any Change in Control, the Company shall be liable for, and shall pay the Expenses paid or incurred by Indemnitee in connection with the making of any Determination (irrespective of the determination as to Indemnitee's entitlement to indemnification) or the prosecution of any Claim pursuant to Section 8.2, and the Company hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Indemnitee harmless therefrom. If requested by counsel for Indemnitee, the Company shall promptly give such counsel an appropriate written agreement with respect to the payment of its fees and expenses and such other matters as may be reasonably requested by such counsel. 
 
 Section 10. Period of Limitations. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company, any Subsidiary, any Other Enterprise or any Affiliate of the Company against Indemnitee or Indemnitee's spouse, heirs, executors, administrators or personal or legal representatives after the expiration of two years from the date of accrual of such cause of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company, any Subsidiary, any Other Enterprise or any Affiliate of the Company shall be extinguished and deemed released unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within such two-year period provided, however, that if any shorter period of limitations, whether established by statute or judicial decision, is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action such shorter period shall govern. 
 
 Section 11. Contribution. If the indemnification provisions of this Agreement should be unenforceable under applicable law in whole or in part or insufficient to hold Indemnitee harmless in respect of any Losses and Expenses incurred by Indemnitee, then for purposes of this Section 11, the Company shall be treated as if it were, or was threatened to be made, a party defendant to the subject Claim and the Company shall contribute to the amounts paid or payable by Indemnitee as a result of such Losses and Expenses incurred by Indemnitee in such proportion as is appropriate to reflect the relative benefits accruing to the Company on the one hand and Indemnitee on the other and the relative fault of the Company on the one hand and Indemnitee on the other in connection with such Claim, as well as any other relevant equitable considerations. For purposes of this Section 11, the relative benefit of the Company shall be deemed to be the benefits accruing to it and to all of its directors, officers, employees and agents (other than Indemnitee) on the one hand, as a group and treated as one entity, and the relative benefit of Indemnitee shall be deemed to be an amount not greater than the Indemnitee's yearly base salary or Indemnitee's 
 
 10 

compensation from the Company during the first year in which the Covered Event forming the basis for the subject Claim was alleged to have occurred. The relative fault shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the fault of the Company and all of its directors, officers, employees and agents (other than Indemnitee) on the one hand, as a group and treated as one entity, and Indemnitee's and such group's relative intent, knowledge, access to information and opportunity to have altered or prevented the Covered Event forming the basis for the subject Claim. 
 
 Section 12. Miscellaneous Provisions. 
 
 12.1. Successors and Assigns, Etc. 
 
 12.1.1. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the Company, its successors and its assigns (including any direct or indirect successor by merger, consolidation or operation of law or by transfer of all or substantially all of its assets) and (b) Indemnitee and the heirs, personal and legal representatives, executors, administrators or assigns of Indemnitee. 
 
 12.1.2. The Company shall not consummate any consolidation, merger or other business combination, nor will it transfer 50 or more of its assets (in one or a series of related transactions), unless the ultimate Parent of the successor to the business or assets of the Company shall have first executed an agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, to expressly assume all obligations of the Company under this Agreement and agree to perform this Agreement in accordance with its terms, in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform this Agreement if no such transaction had taken place provided that, if the Parent is not the Company, the legality of payment of indemnity by the Parent shall be determined by reference to the fact that such indemnity is to be paid by the Parent rather than the Company. 
 
 12.2. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement are severable. If any provision of this Agreement shall be held by any court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed to be modified to the minimum extent necessary to avoid a violation of law and, as so modified, such provision and the remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable in accordance with their terms to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 12.3. Rights Not Exclusive Continuation of Right of Indemnification. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to diminish or otherwise restrict Indemnitee's right to indemnification pursuant to any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, any agreement, vote of stockholders or Disinterested Directors, applicable law or otherwise. This Agreement shall be effective as of the date first above written and continue in effect until no Claims relating to any Covered Event may be asserted against Indemnitee and until any Claims commenced prior thereto are finally terminated and resolved, regardless of whether Indemnitee continues to serve as an officer of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Other Enterprise. 
 
 12.4. No Employment Agreement. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right to be retained in the employ of the Company, any Subsidiary or any Other Enterprise. 
 
 12.5. Subsequent Amendment . No amendment, termination or repeal of any provision of the Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Company, or any respective successors thereto, or of any relevant provision of any applicable law, shall 
 
 11 

affect or diminish in any way the rights of Indemnitee to indemnification, or the obligations of the Company, arising under this Agreement, whether the alleged actions or conduct of Indemnitee giving rise to the necessity of such indemnification arose before or after any such amendment, termination or repeal. 
 
 12.6. Notices . Notices required under this Agreement shall be given in writing and shall be deemed given when delivered in person or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. Notices shall be directed to the Company at Three Limited Parkway, Columbus, OH 43230, Attention Chair of the Board, and to Indemnitee at the residential address as shown on the Company's records (or such other address as either party may designate in writing to the other). 
 
 12.7. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to contracts made and performed in such state without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws. 
 
 12.8. Headings . The headings of the Sections of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute part of this Agreement or to affect the construction thereof. 
 
 12.9. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts all of which taken together shall constitute one instrument. 
 
 12.10. Modification and Waiver . No supplement, modification or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding unless executed in writing by both of the parties hereto. No waiver or any of the provisions of this Agreement shall constitute, or be deemed to constitute, a waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar) nor shall any such waiver constitute a continuing waiver. 

12 

The parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. INDEMNITEE 

By 
 Name Name 
 Title 
 
 13 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1011.htm
 2020 STOCK OPTION AND PERFORMANCE INCENTIVE PLAN RSU AWARD AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.11 

2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement 
 Participant Name 
 # Units Restricted Share Units 
 
 By accepting this Restricted Share Unit award in respect of # Units shares of common stock, par value 0.50 per share Common Stock ), of Bath & Body Works, Inc. (the Company ), the Participant agrees to the terms and conditions of this Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (this Agreement and the terms of the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Restricted Period means the period beginning on Grant Date (the Grant Date and ending on the Vesting Date (as defined below). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 (1) VESTING . 
 Subject to Section (5) and (7), Restricted Share Units will vest on the date outlined below (the Vesting Date ), provided that the Participant continues to serve as a director of the Board Service through the Vesting Date. 
 Original Vest Date 1 Original Vest Quantity 1 
 
 (2) RESTRICTIONS . None of the Restricted Share Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of (other than in connection with a forfeiture under Section (5)) unless and until the Participant becomes the holder of record of the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder and subject to the satisfaction of all conditions specified in this Agreement. 
 (3) RECORDING OF AWARD . The Company shall cause the Restricted Share Unit award to be appropriately recorded as of the Grant Date. 
 (4) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANT . Prior to the Settlement Date (as defined below), the Participant shall not have the right to vote the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Share Units or to receive ordinary dividends or dividend equivalent rights arising from ordinary dividends with respect thereto. 
 (5) TERMINATION OF SERVICE FORFEITURES . 
 (a) Except as noted in this Section (5) or Section (7), Restricted Share Units granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement with respect to which the applicable vesting conditions under this Agreement have not lapsed shall be forfeited if the Participant s Service is terminated for any reason prior to the Vesting Date. Upon such forfeiture, such Restricted Share Units shall be cancelled for no consideration. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5(a), upon the Participant s involuntary termination of Service (as defined below) or termination of Service due to the Participant s death or Disability (as defined below and determined by the Board), the vesting conditions applicable to the Restricted Share Units shall immediately lapse and be deemed to have been satisfied in full, and the Restricted Period shall be deemed to have expired. For purposes of this Agreement, (i) an involuntary termination of Service is a termination of the Participant s Service other than as a result of (A) the Participant s voluntary resignation from the Board or the Participant s voluntary determination not to 

stand for reelection to the Board at an annual meeting of the stockholders of the Company held during the Restricted Period at which directors are elected, for the avoidance of doubt, in each case not at the request of the Company or (B) termination of the Participant s Service on the Board by the Company for Cause (as determined by the Board in its sole discretion), and (ii) Disability means the absence of the Participant from the Participant s duties with the Company for 180 consecutive business days (or for 180 business days in any consecutive 365 days) as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness that is determined to be total and permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to the Participant or the Participant s legal representative. 
 (6) SETTLEMENT OF RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS . 
 (a) Upon the Vesting Date or other vesting event as specified in Sections (5) and (7), a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Restricted Share Units with respect to which the vesting conditions have been satisfied (or deemed satisfied) shall be delivered, free of all restrictions hereunder, to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary or estate, as the case may be. Such delivery in settlement of the vested Restricted Share Units shall be made promptly following the Vesting Date or vesting event specified in Sections (5) or (7) and in no event later than thirty (30) days following the Vesting Date or such other applicable vesting event (a Settlement Date ). 
 (b) For the avoidance of doubt, there shall not be permitted to make any election to defer any Restricted Share Units under this Agreement under Sections 11.08 or 11.09 of the Plan. 
 (7) EFFECT OF CHANGE IN CONTROL . Upon a Change in Control, subject to the Participant s continued Service through as of immediately prior to such Change in Control, any conditions applicable to the Restricted Share Units, including the vesting conditions, shall lapse and be deemed to have been satisfied in full, and the Restricted Period shall be deemed to have expired as of the date of such Change of Control. 
 (8) TAX WITHHOLDING . The Company shall have the right to require the Participant or the Participant s beneficiaries or legal representatives to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state or local withholding tax requirements (if any), or to deduct from distributions under the Plan amounts sufficient to satisfy such withholding tax requirements (if any). 
 (9) SECTION 409A . The Restricted Share Units granted hereunder are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and, with respect to amounts that are subject to Code Section 409A, it is intended that this Agreement will be administered and interpreted in all respects in accordance with Code Section 409A, including with respect to any defined terms used herein. Any payments that qualify for the short-term deferral exception or another exception under Code Section 409A shall be paid under the applicable exception and shall not be treated as deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A. Each payment hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. In no event may the Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of any payment to be made hereunder that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, solely to the extent that the Participant constitutes a specified employee of the Company (as determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Code), then (a) no payment or distribution under this Agreement that constitutes an item of deferred compensation under Code Section 409A and becomes payable by reason of the Participant s termination of Service will be made to the Participant until the Participant s termination of Service constitutes a separation from service within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and (b) to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided during the six (6) month period immediately following the Participant s termination of Service shall instead be paid on the 
 -2- 

first business day after the date that is six (6) months following the Participant s separation from service (or upon the Participant s death, if earlier). 
 (10) MISCELLANEOUS . 
 (a) No Right to Continued Service . This Agreement shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the service of the Company or any subsidiary or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Agreement or the Plan. 
 (b) Clawback . Subject to restrictions set forth in the Plan, if required by law, the Company may terminate this Agreement and require the Participant to reimburse to the Company an amount required by law. 
 (c) Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be given electronically or by regular U.S. mail addressed, if to the Board, the Committee or the Company, at the principal office of the Company and, if to the Participant, at the Participant s last known address as set forth in the books and records of the Company. 
 (d) Plan to Govern . This Agreement and the rights of the Participant hereunder are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time, as well as to such rules and regulations as the Committee may adopt for the administration of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of this Agreement shall govern. 
 (e) Amendment . This Agreement may not be suspended, modified or amended, without the consent of the Participant, except to the extent any such action is undertaken to cause this Agreement to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or tax rules and regulations. 
 (f) Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 (g) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings between the Company and the Participant concerning the Restricted Share Units granted hereunder and supersede all prior agreements and understandings. 
 (h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when signed by the Company and the Participant will be an original and all of which together will be the same Agreement. 
 (i) Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 -3- 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.14>
 5
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1014.htm
 OFFER LETTER BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND GINA BOSWELL

Document 
 Exhibit 10.14 

November 1, 2022 
 Gina Boswell 
 Via E-mail 
 
 Dear Gina, 
 On behalf of Bath & Body Works, Inc. BBW or the Company ), I am pleased to extend you an offer to join the Company as Chief Executive Officer based on the terms and conditions set forth below in this offer letter (this Letter ). 
 Position and Duties Chief Executive Officer, reporting directly to the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). On the start date, you will be appointed as a member of the Board and thereafter, while serving as Chief Executive Officer, the Board will nominate you for election to the Board. Upon your cessation of employment with the Company, your service on the Board will cease and you will resign from any and all positions with the Company and its affiliates. Start Date December 1, 2022 Location You will be based in the Company s offices in Columbus, Ohio, subject to reasonable business travel from time to time. Annual Base Salary 1,500,000 Annual Incentive Compensation Beginning with the 2023 fiscal year (commencing January 29, 2023), you will be eligible to participate in the Company s Incentive Compensation (cash bonus) program under the 2015 Cash Incentive Compensation Performance Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor plan (the IC Plan ). Your target annual incentive opportunity under the IC Plan will be 190 of your annual base salary. With respect to the 2022 fiscal year (ending January 28, 2023), you will be eligible for a fall season award under the IC Plan, with the actual amount to be prorated based on the portion of such six-month period that you are employed with the Company commencing on your start date. 
 Participation in the IC Plan does not guarantee or give rise to a legitimate expectation of any entitlement to a payout. All payments under the IC Plan will be determined by the Board or the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board (the Committee in its sole discretion and are based on BBW profit results. In calculating your earned annual incentive compensation, if any, pursuant to the IC Plan, the year is currently divided into two seasons, with 40 of your annual incentive compensation, if any, earned and paid with respect to the spring season and 60 of your annual incentive compensation, if any, earned and paid with respect to the fall season. Any payouts made to you under the IC Plan will be payable in accordance with the Company s customary practices and the terms of the IC Plan. 
 
 1 Page 

Annual Equity Awards Beginning with the 2023 fiscal year, you will be eligible to participate in the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, as it may be amended from time to time, or any successor plan (the Plan ). Your annual target equity award opportunity will have a grant date fair value of 7,500,000 (determined in the same manner as applies to the Company s other executive officers). The terms and conditions of any equity-based awards, including the grant date, types of award(s), exercise price (if any), vesting schedules and applicable performance metrics, will be determined by the Committee in its sole discretion and will be set forth in the applicable award agreements and subject to the terms of the Plan provided that the terms and conditions of your awards with respect to the types of award(s), allocation among award types, exercise price (if any), vesting schedules, applicable performance metrics and treatment upon termination of employment will be no less favorable to you than annual awards granted to the Company s other executive officers in the same year (and will not supersede in any adverse manner the treatment of equity awards upon termination of employment as provided under the Executive Severance Agreement attached hereto, except as may be specifically agreed by you in an applicable award agreement). Your annual equity awards will be granted at the same time as annual equity awards are granted to the Company s other executive officers. 
 Sign - On RSUs 
 On or as soon as reasonably practicable following your start date, you will be granted a one-time award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 4,000,000 (the Sign-On RSUs ). The number of shares of BBW common stock subject to the Sign-On RSUs will be determined by dividing 4,000,000 by the closing price of a share of BBW common stock on the date of grant. The Sign-On RSUs will vest 30 on the first anniversary of the award grant date, 30 on the second anniversary of the award grant date, and 40 on the third anniversary of the award grant date, subject to your continued employment through each applicable anniversary, and will be settled in shares of BBW common stock as soon as reasonably practicable following the vesting date. The other terms and conditions of the Sign-On RSUs will be set forth in the applicable award agreement and subject to the terms of the Plan. Sign-On Bonus You will receive a one-time cash sign-on bonus in the amount of 1,500,000 (the Sign-On Bonus ), which will be paid in a single lump sum within two weeks of your start date. To be eligible to receive the Sign-On Bonus, you agree and acknowledge that if you resign your employment with the Company without Good Reason or your employment is terminated by the Company for Cause (as those terms are defined in the Executive Severance Agreement), in either case on or prior to the first anniversary of your start date, you will be obligated to repay the entire amount of the Sign-On Bonus (less the taxes previously required to be withheld by the Company) within fifteen days of your date of termination. Relocation Benefits You agree that you will relocate to Columbus, Ohio no later than March 31, 2023. Until your relocation is complete, the Company will provide you with temporary housing in the greater Columbus area and round-trip commercial airfare from the Palm Beach area to Columbus up to four times per month, and you will be eligible to receive relocation assistance in accordance with the provisions of the Company s relocation policy. To receive the relocation assistance and benefits described in this paragraph, you must agree to the Company s Relocation Policy, which provides that if you voluntarily resign or you are terminated for Cause prior to the first anniversary of your start date, you will reimburse the Company for all costs related to your relocation, and if said resignation or termination occurs after the first anniversary of your start date but prior to the second anniversary, you will reimburse the Company for an amount equal to one-half of all costs related to your relocation. 
 2 Page 

Benefits We offer a comprehensive benefits program that is very competitive within the retail industry. During your employment, you will be eligible to participate in any health, welfare and retirement benefit programs adopted and maintained by the Company for its employees, subject to the terms and limitations of the applicable plan and the Company s ability, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, to change or terminate any of its employee benefit plans, programs or policies. More information will be provided to you prior to your start date. Severance Upon your start date, you and the Company will enter into an Executive Severance Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I. Restrictive Covenants This Letter is based on your representation that you are under no legal or other impediment to accepting our offer and performing the anticipated services or carrying out your responsibilities for the Company, and is subject to your execution of the Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement, attached hereto as Annex A. Taxes All payments and benefits provided for in this Letter are subject to withholding for applicable income and payroll taxes or otherwise as required by law. 
 Any amounts payable under this Letter are intended to be exempt or excluded from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder Section 409A ), or are otherwise intended to avoid the incurrence of tax penalties under Section 409A, and, with respect to amounts payable under this Letter that are subject to Section 409A, this Letter will in all respects be administered in accordance with Section 409A. For purposes of Section 409A, any right to a series of payments under this Letter, if any, will be treated as a right to a series of separate payments. In no event may you, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year of payment of any amounts payable under this Letter. 
 Indemnification Upon your start date, you will be enter into an Indemnification Agreement in the same form as applicable to other executive officers and directors of the Company. In addition, both during and after your employment by the Company, you will be entitled to the benefit of directors and officers insurance maintained by the Company, on terms no less favorable than any then-current directors and officers. 
 3 Page 

Legal Fees The Company will pay the legal fees reasonably incurred by you in connection with the negotiation and documentation of this Letter and related exhibits and agreements, within 30 days following presentation of invoices reasonably evidencing those fees. Miscellaneous This Letter, together with the Annex attached hereto and the Executive Severance Agreement to be entered into with you, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your employment with the Company and supersedes any and all oral or written employment or compensation agreements, term sheets or discussions between you and the Company or its affiliates. 
 This Letter does not constitute an employment contract with you for any specific period of time. Your employment will be at-will and both you and the Company have the right to terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason. In addition, the Company reserves the right to prospectively amend or terminate any of its compensation or benefit plans or programs at any time, in the sole discretion of the Company provided that, for avoidance of doubt, the Company may not amend this Letter, the Executive Severance Agreement, any outstanding equity award agreement or any other individual agreement between you and the Company without your consent. All compensation, benefit, bonus, equity award and other such programs are governed by and subject to the official plan documents, award agreements and the Board or the Committee s discretion. 
 You agree to comply fully with all policies and procedures in effect for employees and executives, in each case as currently in effect and as may be amended from time to time. 
 This Letter is contingent upon a successful completion of background checking and completion of references. 
 This Letter will be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. 

We are very much looking forward to you joining Bath & Body Works, Inc. We are excited about the important contributions that you will make to the Company and look forward to your acceptance of our offer. Please feel free call me with any questions. To accept, please sign below and return this letter to me promptly. 
 Sincerely, 
 
 s Michael Morris 
 
 Michael Morris 
 Chair, Human Capital and Compensation Committee 
 Bath & Body Works, Inc. 

Accepted and Agreed 

s Gina Boswell 
 Name Gina Boswell 
 Date November 1, 2022 
 4 Page 

EXHIBIT I 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 THIS EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of _________, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc. and on behalf of all of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company and Gina Boswell (the Executive (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as a key employee of the Company and the Executive s services and knowledge are valuable to the Company and 
 WHEREAS, in consideration of the Executive s continued employment, the Company has determined that it is in its best interests to provide the Executive with the severance protections in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing, and in view of the promises and other good and valuable consideration described in this Agreement (the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Effective Date and Term of this Agreement . This Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date and will remain in effect unless and until (i) the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by either Party in accordance with Section 2, and (ii) all payments and or benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement, if any, have been made or provided to the Executive in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 2. Termination of Employment . The Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) automatically sixty (60) days after the Executive provides a Notice of Termination of the Executive s resignation for any reason other than for Good Reason (ii) thirty (30) days following the Executive providing a Notice of Termination indicating the existence of a condition(s) constituting Good Reason other than to the extent that such condition is cured (iii) immediately upon the Executive s Total Disability or death (iv) automatically thirty (30) days after the Executive receives Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s Termination without Cause or (v) the date set forth in the Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s termination of employment with the Company for Cause (collectively, the earliest of being the Termination Date ). The Company may, in its sole discretion, waive all or any part of the notice periods set forth in subsection (i) or (iv) in the immediately preceding sentence and pay the Executive in lieu of any such waived period the compensation and other benefits that the Executive would have otherwise received in such period, but in either case the Executive or the Company, as applicable, will deliver such Notice of Termination. 
 3. Non-Qualifying Termination . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts and the Executive shall not be entitled to severance benefits under this Agreement or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Executive experiences a Termination for any reason while a Company-led internal investigation into facts that could reasonably give rise to the Executive s Termination for Cause is pending (i) the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any severance 
 Exhibit I-1 

benefits under this Agreement (other than the Accrued Amounts) or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company and (ii) the Executive shall not be entitled to vest in or receive any Variable Compensation in either case, unless and until the Company concludes its investigation with a finding that grounds for a Termination for Cause did not in fact exist, and only to the extent provided for under the terms of the applicable agreement, plan, policy or program. 
 (c) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s death or if the Executive gives the Company a Notice of Termination other than for Good Reason, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts. 
 (d) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s Total Disability, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (i) the Accrued Amounts and (ii) the Executive shall be entitled to receive disability benefits available under the Company s long-term disability plan as then in effect, to the extent applicable. 
 4. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Not Within the Protection Period . If the Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination not within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Severance Benefits 
 (a) The Accrued Amounts 
 (b) The Company shall continue to pay the Executive s Base Salary for a period of two (2) years following the Qualifying Termination, less applicable withholding, payable as follows (i) on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date falling on or after sixty (60) days from the Executive s Termination Date, but in no event later than 2 months following the Termination Date (the First Payment Date ), the Company will pay the Executive, without interest, the number of missed payroll installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the First Payment Date had the installments been paid on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates, and (ii) each of the remaining installments shall be paid on the Company s regularly scheduled pay dates during the remainder of such two (2)-year period 
 (c) The Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal two (2) years of COBRA premiums (based on the premium rate in effect on the Termination Date for the Executive and her spouse and eligible dependents) in a single lump sum payment less applicable withholding COBRA Payment ). The COBRA Payment shall be paid (i) on the First Payment Date and (ii) regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plan 
 (d) The Company shall pay the Executive any incentive compensation under the IC Plan as follows (i) the incentive compensation that the Executive would have received for the season which includes the Executive s Termination Date if the Executive had remained employed with the Company through the completion of such season, pro-rated to such Termination Date and based on actual performance and (ii) the incentive compensation under the IC Plan that the Executive would have received if the Executive had remained employed with the Company for a period of two (2) years (i.e., the next four (4) seasons under the IC Plan) after the Termination Date based on actual performance, less applicable withholding, subject to the terms of the IC Plan. The foregoing payments shall be paid at the same time as payments under the IC Plan are typically paid, but in no event later than March 15 th of the year following the year in which the applicable season is completed and 
 Exhibit I-2 

(e) The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined as follows 
 (i) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest only based on the passage of time shall vest and be settled on the First Payment Date, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying (x) the number of shares subject to the award by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable time-based vesting period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the time-based vesting period, less (B) the number of shares subject to the award that had already vested pursuant to the award s terms prior to the Termination Date, if any 
 (ii) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest based, at least in part, on the satisfaction of performance goals shall vest and be settled promptly following the end of the performance period, but in any event not earlier than the First Payment Date or later than the end of the calendar year in which the performance period ends, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying the number of shares that the Executive would have earned for the entire performance period based on the level of performance determined in accordance with the applicable plan and award agreements by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable performance period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the performance period (or vesting period, if longer) 
 (iii) To the extent that any outstanding unvested equity award that is held by the Executive as of the Termination Date would vest at a greater percentage under the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement than as provided for under Sections 4(e)(i)-(ii), the terms of such award agreement shall instead determine the number of shares covered by such equity award that will vest under this Section 4(e), subject to Sections 4(e)(iv)-(v) 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no equity awards that are outstanding as of the Termination Date will be forfeited during the three (3)-month period commencing upon the Termination Date, provided, that, (x) to the extent a Change in Control occurs during such three (3)-month period, any such equity awards that are outstanding and unvested as of the Change in Control will instead be treated in accordance with Section 5 and (y) to the extent a Change in Control does not occur during such three (3)-month period, any portion of the equity awards outstanding as of Termination Date that do not vest pursuant to Sections 4(e)(i)-(iii) shall be forfeited and 
 (v) To the extent that the payment or settlement of any equity awards in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. 
 5. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Within the Protection Period . If the Executive has a Qualifying Termination within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company will provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Change in Control Severance Benefits 
 (a) The payments and benefits described in Sections 4(a), (b), and (c) provided, however, that if the Termination Date occurs during the portion of the Protection Period that occurs on or following a Change in Control, and such Change in Control is a Change in Control Event, then the total of the salary continuation amounts described in Section 4(b) will 
 Exhibit I-3 

instead be paid to the Executive in a single lump sum, less applicable withholding, on the First Payment Date 
 (b) A payment equal to the sum of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Termination Date, with the amount of any payout that is prorated with respect to any seasonal incentive period in which the Executive was not employed by the Company for the entirety of such incentive period to be annualized (the Bonus Amount provided, however, that if, as of the Executive s Termination Date, the Executive has not been employed for a long enough period to have been eligible for four (4) seasons of incentive compensation payouts under the IC Plan, the seasonal target incentive award opportunity applicable to the Executive as of immediately prior to the Termination Date shall be used for purposes of calculating the Bonus Amount for any season during which the Executive was not eligible for a payout under IC Plan solely as a result of the Executive s date of commencement of employment. The Bonus Amount shall be paid, less applicable withholding, in a lump sum cash payment on the First Payment Date 
 (c) A payment equal to the product of (i) the average of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Executive s Termination Date, with the amount of any payout that is prorated with respect to any seasonal incentive period in which the Executive was not employed by the Company for the entirety of such incentive period to be annualized and, if, as of the Executive s Termination Date, the Executive has not been employed for a long enough period to have been eligible for four (4) seasons of incentive compensation payouts under the IC Plan, then for purposes of such average, the seasonal target incentive award opportunity applicable to the Executive as of immediately prior to the Termination Date shall be used for any season in which the Executive was not eligible for a payout under IC Plan solely as a result of the Executive s date of commencement of employment, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the season (within the meaning of the IC Plan) in which the Termination Date occurs that elapsed through the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such season. The foregoing payment, less applicable withholding, shall be paid on the First Payment Date 
 (d) If any action at law, in equity, or arbitration, including an action for declaratory relief, is brought by the Executive to obtain or enforce any rights provided by this Section 5, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all documented legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in such action. Such amounts shall be paid or reimbursed on a monthly basis for expenses incurred in the preceding month provided that the Executive will be required to promptly repay to the Company any amounts paid or reimbursed under this paragraph to the extent an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that the Executive s position in such action is frivolous or in bad faith and 
 (e) All of the outstanding and unvested equity awards held by the Executive immediately before such Qualifying Termination will immediately become fully vested and payable on the First Payment Date, provided that, to the extent that paying any portion of such amount in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. To the extent that an equity award vests based on the achievement of performance goals, performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at target levels if less than one-third of the applicable performance period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, otherwise performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at maximum levels. 
 Exhibit I-4 

(f) In the event that the Termination Date occurs during the portion of the Protection Period that precedes a Change in Control and the Executive has already commenced receiving payments and or benefits under Section 4 prior to the Change in Control, then the Executive will be entitled to the payments and benefits under this Section 5 in lieu of any additional payments or benefits under Section 4, but only to the extent an equivalent payment and or benefit has not already been paid or provided pursuant to Section 4. 
 6. Release Requirement . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not make or provide the Severance Benefits or the Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) or waive its rights under Section 7(e) unless the Executive timely executes and delivers to the Company a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release and such Release becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the Executive s Termination Date. If the foregoing requirements are not satisfied by the Executive, then no Severance Benefits nor Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be due to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 
 7. Effect on Other Plans, Agreements and Benefits . 
 (a) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will be in lieu of and not in addition to (i) any severance benefits to which the Executive would otherwise be entitled under any general severance policy or severance plan maintained by the Company or any agreement between the Executive and the Company that provides for severance benefits (for the avoidance, other than any special written retention agreements) and (ii) any salary continuation provided for under the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement. 
 (b) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit policies or plans of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 
 (c) The Executive s entitlement to any other benefits not expressly referenced herein shall be determined in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plans then in effect. 
 (d) The Executive expressly agrees that any amounts the Executive may owe to the Company as of the Termination Date may be deducted from the amounts that the Company would otherwise owe to the Executive under this Agreement, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, then all Variable Compensation shall be immediately canceled for no consideration. 
 (f) The Executive will be subject to the Company s clawback policies in effect from time to time, if such policies are also applicable to all other executive officers of the Company on the same terms. 
 8. Section 280G of the Code . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code) and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which the 
 Exhibit I-5 

Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement will be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by the Executive from the Company and or such person(s) will be 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by the Executive will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax economic position to the Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). 
 (b) The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, will be made by determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as defined below) for each payment or benefit then reducing the total payments and benefits in order, beginning with the payment or benefit with the highest Parachute Payment Ratio. Payments or benefits with the same Parachute Payment Ratio will be reduced based on the time of payment, with the latest payments or benefits reduced first. Payments or benefits with the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment will be reduced proportionately. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is the value of the applicable payment or benefit, as calculated for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) the denominator of which is the intrinsic (i.e., economic) value of such payment or benefit. 
 (c) The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary will be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose by the Company in its sole discretion (the 280G Firm ). In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm or the Company may retain the services of an independent valuation expert. 
 (d) If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided in accordance with this Section 8 and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from the Company used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount, then the Executive must immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 8 will require the Company to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, the Executive s excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 9. Arbitration and Class and Representative Action Waiver . 
 (a) The Parties agree that, subject to Section 9(b), any controversy or claim between the Company and the Executive arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its termination shall be settled and determined by a single arbitrator whose award shall be accepted as final and binding upon the Parties. If the Executive initiates arbitration, the Executive will be responsible for paying one-half of the filing fee. Each Party will be responsible for their own attorney s fees, subject to Section 5(d). The Parties shall jointly select an arbitrator from JAMS, Inc. JAMS or the American Arbitration Association AAA with at least ten (10) years of experience in employment disputes. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis by the AAA or JAMS and administered under their Employment Arbitration Rules, which are currently available at http www.adr.org and http www.jamsadr.com, respectively. The arbitrator shall have the authority to allow for appropriate discovery and exchange of information before a hearing, including, but not limited to, production of documents, information requests, 
 Exhibit I-6 

depositions and subpoenas. Unless the arbitrator determines additional discovery is necessary to adequately arbitrate Executive s claims, discovery shall be conducted in accordance with the then-current version of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Those rules can be found at https www.law.cornell.edu rules frcp. The arbitration shall take place in Columbus, Ohio. Notwithstanding the AAA or JAMS rules, all parties to the arbitration shall have the right to file a dispositive motion and shall not be required to seek permission from the arbitrator to do so. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
 (b) This Arbitration provision does not include 
 (i) Any claim arising under or related to the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement 
 (ii) A claim for workers compensation benefits 
 (iii) A claim for unemployment compensation benefits 
 (iv) A claim based upon the Company s current (successor or future) employee benefits and or welfare plans that contain an appeal procedure or other procedure for the resolution of disputes under this Agreement and 
 (v) A claim of sexual harassment, including hostile work environment, sexual assault (defined as actual or threatened unwelcomed touching of a sexual nature), gender discrimination, and retaliation related to same. 
 (c) This Agreement also does not prevent the Executive from filing a claim or charge with a federal, state or local administrative agency, such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or similar state or local agencies. 
 (d) This Agreement does not prohibit those limited circumstances under which either Party finds it necessary to seek emergency or temporary injunctive relief, such as a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order, from a court that may be necessary to protect any rights or property of either Party pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal or its determination of the merits of the dispute. 
 (e) CLASS ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a class action or collective action Class Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES THAT ARISE, OR HAVE ARISEN, OUT OF EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT OR THE TERMINATION OF THE EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT SHALL PROCEED IN ARBITRATION SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (f) REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a representative action or as a private attorney general action, including but not limited to claims brought pursuant to the Private Attorney General Act of 2004, Cal. Lab. Code 2698, et seq. Representative Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, TO THE EXTENT CONSISTENT WITH APPLICABLE LAW, THE EXECUTIVE MAY NOT SEEK 
 Exhibit I-7 

RELIEF ON BEHALF OF OTHERS IN ARBITRATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SIMILARLY AGGRIEVED EMPLOYEES. THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (g) The Parties agree that only a court of competent jurisdiction may interpret this Section 9 and resolve challenges to its validity and enforceability, including but not limited to the validity, enforceability and interpretation of the Class Action Waiver and Representative Action Waiver. The arbitrator shall have no jurisdiction or power to make such determinations. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the duty to arbitrate found in this Section 9 and all arbitration proceedings under this Agreement. 
 (h) Any conflict between the rules and procedures set forth in either the JAMS or AAA rules and those set forth in this Agreement shall be resolved in favor of those in this Agreement. 
 (i) The burden of proof at an arbitration shall at all times be on the Party seeking relief. 
 (j) In reaching a decision, the arbitrator shall apply the governing substantive law applicable to the claims, causes of action and defenses asserted by the Parties, as applicable in Ohio. The arbitrator shall have the power to award all remedies that could be awarded by a court or administrative agency in accordance with the governing and applicable substantive law, including, without limitation, Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. 
 (k) The aggrieved Party must give written notice of any claim to the other Party within the applicable statute of limitations. The written notice shall describe the nature of all claims asserted and the facts upon which those claims are based, and shall set forth the aggrieved Party s intention to pursue arbitration. The notice shall be mailed to the other Party by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 10. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. 
 11. At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not alter the status of the Executive as an at-will employee of the Company. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give the Executive the right to remain employed by the Company or to interfere with the rights of the Company to terminate the employment of the Executive at any time, with or without Cause. 
 12. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the Class Action Waiver and or Representative Action Waiver in Section 9 is unenforceable for any reason, then the unenforceable waiver provision shall be severable from this Agreement, and any claims covered by any deemed unenforceable waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the Agreement shall be binding and enforceable. 
 Exhibit I-8 

13. Headings and Subheadings . Headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the heading or subheading of any section or paragraph. 
 14. Unfunded Obligations . The amounts to be paid to the Executive under this Agreement are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. The Executive shall not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 15. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement (including the Notice of Termination and a notice of a claim for which a Party seeks arbitration) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or upon receipt if overnight delivery service or facsimile is used, addressed as follows 
 To the Executive 
 At the most recent address contained in the Company s personnel files. 
 
 To the Company 
 Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 Three Limited Parkway, 
 Columbus, Ohio 43230 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 16. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the Executive s consent to (a) an affiliate of the Company, or (b) in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into, any other entity or person, or transfer all or substantially all of its properties, stock, or assets to any other entity or person, to the acquirer or resulting entity in such transaction. This Agreement will be binding upon any successor of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Agreement if no succession had taken place. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by the Executive, the Executive s beneficiaries or the Executive s legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal personal representative. 
 17. Waiver . Any Party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any Party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 
 18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same original. 
 19. Governing Law . Unless otherwise noted in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 20. Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 Exhibit I-9 

21. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to either avoid the application of, or comply with, Section 409A of the Code. To that end, this Agreement shall at all times be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or take such other actions (including amendments and actions with retroactive effect) as it determines is necessary or appropriate for this Agreement to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Further 
 (a) Any reimbursement of any costs and expenses by the Company to the Executive shall be made by the Company in no event later than the close of the Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the cost or expense is incurred by the Executive. The expenses incurred by the Executive in any calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement shall not affect the expenses incurred by the Executive in any other calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement and the Executive s right to receive any reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 
 (b) Any payment following a separation from service that would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code as a distribution by reason of a separation from service of a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) shall be made on the first to occur of (i) ten (10) days after the expiration of the six (6)-month period following such separation from service, (ii) death, or (iii) such earlier date that complies with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Each payment that the Executive may receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Payments under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. Any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement may be accelerated in time or schedule by the Company, in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty imposed on the Executive under Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 22. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in this Section 22. 
 (a) 2020 Stock Plan means the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (b) Accrued Amounts means (i) unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date (ii) unreimbursed business expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Company during the term of their employment in accordance with the Company s standard policies (including expense verification policies) regarding the reimbursement of business expenses, as the same may be modified from time to time and (iii) any vested benefits pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Company s then applicable plans and policies. 
 (c) Base Salary means the Executive s annual base salary in effect as of the Termination Date (without giving effect to any reduction resulting in a Qualifying Termination for Good Reason). 
 Exhibit I-10 

(d) Cause means, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, that the Executive (i) was grossly negligent in the performance of the Executive s duties with the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) (ii) has pled guilty or no contest to, or has been convicted of, an act which is defined as a felony under federal or state law (iii) engaged in misconduct in bad faith that could reasonably be expected to materially harm the Company s business or its reputation or (iv) commits or engages in Subject Conduct. In the event of any of the conditions described above, the Company shall provide the Executive a Notice of Termination stating the grounds for immediate termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s experiences a Termination other than by the Company for Cause, the Company shall have the sole discretion to later use after-acquired evidence to retroactively re-characterize the prior Termination as a Termination for Cause if such after-acquired evidence supports such an action. 
 (e) Change in Control means a Change in Control under the 2020 Stock Plan. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (g) Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement means the written Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement or other similar agreement between the Executive and the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 (h) Good Reason means (i) your failure to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the Company (or, in the event of a Change in Control, the resulting ultimate parent company) (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with and that constitute a material adverse change to the Executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting requirements or structure (iii) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within fifteen (15) days after a merger, consolidation, sale, or similar transaction (iv) the Executive s mandatory relocation to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive s principal office location in the Columbus, Ohio area (v) a reduction in the Executive s annual base salary, target annual bonus opportunity or target annual equity award opportunity (other than any across the board reduction in annual base salary not to exceed 15 of the annual base salary (and corresponding decrease in target annual bonus opportunity) that applies uniformly to the Executive and similarly situated executives of the Company) (vi) the Company s failure to renominate the Executive to the Company s Board of Directors upon any expiration of her term of service as a member of the Board of Directors occurring during her employment or (vii) any other material breach by the Company of any material agreement between the Company and the Executive. Good Reason shall not include acts taken by the Company by reason of the Executive s physical or mental infirmity which impairs the Executive s ability to substantially perform their duties. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any assertion by the Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (x) the Executive has provided a Notice of Termination to the Company indicating the existence of the condition(s) providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such condition becoming known (or should have become known) to them (y) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice and (x) the Executive terminates employment immediately following the expiration of such thirty-day (30) period. For avoidance of doubt, if the Executive resigns for the Good Reason described about in clause (v), the severance payments 
 Exhibit I-11 

described in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement (as applicable) will be calculated without regard to any reduction in the Executive s annual base salary and or target annual bonus opportunity giving rise to such Good Reason. 
 (i) IC Plan means the incentive compensation plan of the Company in which the Executive participates as of the Termination Date. 
 (j) Notice of Termination means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if applicable, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for the Executive s Termination under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Termination Date is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Termination Date. 
 (k) Protection Period means, (i) the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means the Executive s Termination either (i) by the Company without Cause or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason. 
 (m) Subject Conduct means sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing or a violation of any policy of the Company relating to sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing. 
 (n) Termination means the Executive s termination of employment with the Company, for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service as defined and applied under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (o) Total Disability means total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan as in effect from time to time. 
 (p) Variable Compensation means any cash-based performance or incentive award paid by or any equity or equity-based compensation awarded by the Company, including, but not limited to, under the 2020 Stock Plan (and any successor thereto) and the IC Plan. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 Exhibit I-12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the Executive has executed this Agreement as of the date(s) set forth below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 DATE 
 
 ___________________________ _______________________ 

BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. DATE 
 
 By _______________________ ________________________ 
 
 Title Executive Chair and Interim 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Executive Severance Agreement 
 
 Exhibit I-13 

ANNEX A 
 Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement 
 Exhibit I-14 

CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 As Chief Executive Officer of Bath & Body Works, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company ), I have access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company s Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company s trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company s products, formulas, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. 
 This provision does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations or from disclosing the underlying facts and circumstances of allegations of discrimination, sexual harassment or retaliation. I acknowledge that, under the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833, (1) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (2) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 2. During my employment with the Company, and if I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that during my employment with the Company, and for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company for any reason whatsoever, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 3. I agree that all inventions, designs, original works of authorship, and ideas conceived, produced, created, or reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company s business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, 
 A-1 

all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, creative works, formulas, innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I hereby and herein irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, patents, and or trademarks. I agree it is in and will remain in the company s sole discretion as to whether any or all of the Intellectual Property should be protected including, but not limited to, by registering it with any patent, trademark, and or copyright office. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree to provide reasonable assistance to the Company in the event the Company decides to pursue patent, trademark, and or Copyright protection for the Intellectual Property or in the event the Company needs to engage in enforcement actions with respect to the Intellectual Property. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 4. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the twelve (12) month period by giving me a written waiver. 
 5. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 6. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 7. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 
 8. This Agreement supersedes any prior versions of a confidentiality, noncompetition and intellectual property agreement I may have signed during my employment. 
 
 Date November __, 2022 
 Gina Boswell 
 
 A-2 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 6
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1015.htm
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND IP AGREEMENT WITH GINA BOSWELL

Document 
 Exhibit 10.15 

 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 As Chief Executive Officer of Bath & Body Works, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, the Company ), I have access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company s Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company s trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company s products, formulas, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. 
 This provision does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations or from disclosing the underlying facts and circumstances of allegations of discrimination, sexual harassment or retaliation. I acknowledge that, under the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, 18 U.S.C. 1833, (1) an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and made solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal and (2) an individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 2. During my employment with the Company, and if I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that during my employment with the Company, and for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company for any reason whatsoever, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 3. I agree that all inventions, designs, original works of authorship, and ideas conceived, produced, created, or reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company s business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, 
 1 

all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, creative works, formulas, innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I hereby and herein irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including, but not limited to, all copyrights, patents, and or trademarks. I agree it is in and will remain in the company s sole discretion as to whether any or all of the Intellectual Property should be protected including, but not limited to, by registering it with any patent, trademark, and or copyright office. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree to provide reasonable assistance to the Company in the event the Company decides to pursue patent, trademark, and or Copyright protection for the Intellectual Property or in the event the Company needs to engage in enforcement actions with respect to the Intellectual Property. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 4. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the twelve (12) month period by giving me a written waiver. 
 5. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 6. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 7. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 
 8. This Agreement supersedes any prior versions of a confidentiality, noncompetition and intellectual property agreement I may have signed during my employment. 
 
 Date December 1, 2022 s Gina R. Boswell 
 Gina Boswell 
 
 2 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 7
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1016.htm
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND GINA BOSWELL

Document 
 Exhibit 10.16 

 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 THIS EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of December 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc. and on behalf of all of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company and Gina Boswell (the Executive (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as a key employee of the Company and the Executive s services and knowledge are valuable to the Company and 
 WHEREAS, in consideration of the Executive s continued employment, the Company has determined that it is in its best interests to provide the Executive with the severance protections in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing, and in view of the promises and other good and valuable consideration described in this Agreement (the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Effective Date and Term of this Agreement . This Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date and will remain in effect unless and until (i) the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by either Party in accordance with Section 2, and (ii) all payments and or benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement, if any, have been made or provided to the Executive in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 2. Termination of Employment . The Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) automatically sixty (60) days after the Executive provides a Notice of Termination of the Executive s resignation for any reason other than for Good Reason (ii) thirty (30) days following the Executive providing a Notice of Termination indicating the existence of a condition(s) constituting Good Reason other than to the extent that such condition is cured (iii) immediately upon the Executive s Total Disability or death (iv) automatically thirty (30) days after the Executive receives Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s Termination without Cause or (v) the date set forth in the Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s termination of employment with the Company for Cause (collectively, the earliest of being the Termination Date ). The Company may, in its sole discretion, waive all or any part of the notice periods set forth in subsection (i) or (iv) in the immediately preceding sentence and pay the Executive in lieu of any such waived period the compensation and other benefits that the Executive would have otherwise received in such period, but in either case the Executive or the Company, as applicable, will deliver such Notice of Termination. 
 3. Non-Qualifying Termination . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts and the Executive shall not be entitled to severance benefits under this Agreement or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Executive experiences a Termination for any reason while a Company-led internal investigation into facts that could reasonably give rise to the Executive s Termination for Cause is pending (i) the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any severance benefits under this Agreement (other than the Accrued Amounts) or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company and (ii) the Executive shall not be entitled to 

vest in or receive any Variable Compensation in either case, unless and until the Company concludes its investigation with a finding that grounds for a Termination for Cause did not in fact exist, and only to the extent provided for under the terms of the applicable agreement, plan, policy or program. 
 (c) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s death or if the Executive gives the Company a Notice of Termination other than for Good Reason, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts. 
 (d) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s Total Disability, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (i) the Accrued Amounts and (ii) the Executive shall be entitled to receive disability benefits available under the Company s long-term disability plan as then in effect, to the extent applicable. 
 4. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Not Within the Protection Period . If the Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination not within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Severance Benefits 
 (a) The Accrued Amounts 
 (b) The Company shall continue to pay the Executive s Base Salary for a period of two (2) years following the Qualifying Termination, less applicable withholding, payable as follows (i) on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date falling on or after sixty (60) days from the Executive s Termination Date, but in no event later than 2 months following the Termination Date (the First Payment Date ), the Company will pay the Executive, without interest, the number of missed payroll installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the First Payment Date had the installments been paid on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates, and (ii) each of the remaining installments shall be paid on the Company s regularly scheduled pay dates during the remainder of such two (2)-year period 
 (c) The Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal two (2) years of COBRA premiums (based on the premium rate in effect on the Termination Date for the Executive and her spouse and eligible dependents) in a single lump sum payment less applicable withholding COBRA Payment ). The COBRA Payment shall be paid (i) on the First Payment Date and (ii) regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plan 
 (d) The Company shall pay the Executive any incentive compensation under the IC Plan as follows (i) the incentive compensation that the Executive would have received for the season which includes the Executive s Termination Date if the Executive had remained employed with the Company through the completion of such season, pro-rated to such Termination Date and based on actual performance and (ii) the incentive compensation under the IC Plan that the Executive would have received if the Executive had remained employed with the Company for a period of two (2) years (i.e., the next four (4) seasons under the IC Plan) after the Termination Date based on actual performance, less applicable withholding, subject to the terms of the IC Plan. The foregoing payments shall be paid at the same time as payments under the IC Plan are typically paid, but in no event later than March 15 th of the year following the year in which the applicable season is completed and 
 (e) The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined as follows 
 2 

(i) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest only based on the passage of time shall vest and be settled on the First Payment Date, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying (x) the number of shares subject to the award by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable time-based vesting period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the time-based vesting period, less (B) the number of shares subject to the award that had already vested pursuant to the award s terms prior to the Termination Date, if any 
 (ii) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest based, at least in part, on the satisfaction of performance goals shall vest and be settled promptly following the end of the performance period, but in any event not earlier than the First Payment Date or later than the end of the calendar year in which the performance period ends, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying the number of shares that the Executive would have earned for the entire performance period based on the level of performance determined in accordance with the applicable plan and award agreements by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable performance period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the performance period (or vesting period, if longer) 
 (iii) To the extent that any outstanding unvested equity award that is held by the Executive as of the Termination Date would vest at a greater percentage under the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement than as provided for under Sections 4(e)(i)-(ii), the terms of such award agreement shall instead determine the number of shares covered by such equity award that will vest under this Section 4(e), subject to Sections 4(e)(iv)-(v) 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no equity awards that are outstanding as of the Termination Date will be forfeited during the three (3)-month period commencing upon the Termination Date, provided, that, (x) to the extent a Change in Control occurs during such three (3)-month period, any such equity awards that are outstanding and unvested as of the Change in Control will instead be treated in accordance with Section 5 and (y) to the extent a Change in Control does not occur during such three (3)-month period, any portion of the equity awards outstanding as of Termination Date that do not vest pursuant to Sections 4(e)(i)-(iii) shall be forfeited and 
 (v) To the extent that the payment or settlement of any equity awards in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. 
 5. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Within the Protection Period . If the Executive has a Qualifying Termination within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company will provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Change in Control Severance Benefits 
 (a) The payments and benefits described in Sections 4(a), (b), and (c) provided, however, that if the Termination Date occurs during the portion of the Protection Period that occurs on or following a Change in Control, and such Change in Control is a Change in Control Event, then the total of the salary continuation amounts described in Section 4(b) will instead be paid to the Executive in a single lump sum, less applicable withholding, on the First Payment Date 
 3 

(b) A payment equal to the sum of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Termination Date, with the amount of any payout that is prorated with respect to any seasonal incentive period in which the Executive was not employed by the Company for the entirety of such incentive period to be annualized (the Bonus Amount provided, however, that if, as of the Executive s Termination Date, the Executive has not been employed for a long enough period to have been eligible for four (4) seasons of incentive compensation payouts under the IC Plan, the seasonal target incentive award opportunity applicable to the Executive as of immediately prior to the Termination Date shall be used for purposes of calculating the Bonus Amount for any season during which the Executive was not eligible for a payout under IC Plan solely as a result of the Executive s date of commencement of employment. The Bonus Amount shall be paid, less applicable withholding, in a lump sum cash payment on the First Payment Date 
 (c) A payment equal to the product of (i) the average of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Executive s Termination Date, with the amount of any payout that is prorated with respect to any seasonal incentive period in which the Executive was not employed by the Company for the entirety of such incentive period to be annualized and, if, as of the Executive s Termination Date, the Executive has not been employed for a long enough period to have been eligible for four (4) seasons of incentive compensation payouts under the IC Plan, then for purposes of such average, the seasonal target incentive award opportunity applicable to the Executive as of immediately prior to the Termination Date shall be used for any season in which the Executive was not eligible for a payout under IC Plan solely as a result of the Executive s date of commencement of employment, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the season (within the meaning of the IC Plan) in which the Termination Date occurs that elapsed through the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such season. The foregoing payment, less applicable withholding, shall be paid on the First Payment Date 
 (d) If any action at law, in equity, or arbitration, including an action for declaratory relief, is brought by the Executive to obtain or enforce any rights provided by this Section 5, the Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all documented legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in such action. Such amounts shall be paid or reimbursed on a monthly basis for expenses incurred in the preceding month provided that the Executive will be required to promptly repay to the Company any amounts paid or reimbursed under this paragraph to the extent an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that the Executive s position in such action is frivolous or in bad faith and 
 (e) All of the outstanding and unvested equity awards held by the Executive immediately before such Qualifying Termination will immediately become fully vested and payable on the First Payment Date, provided that, to the extent that paying any portion of such amount in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. To the extent that an equity award vests based on the achievement of performance goals, performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at target levels if less than one-third of the applicable performance period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, otherwise performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at maximum levels. 
 (f) In the event that the Termination Date occurs during the portion of the Protection Period that precedes a Change in Control and the Executive has already commenced receiving payments and or benefits under Section 4 prior to the Change in Control, then the 
 4 

Executive will be entitled to the payments and benefits under this Section 5 in lieu of any additional payments or benefits under Section 4, but only to the extent an equivalent payment and or benefit has not already been paid or provided pursuant to Section 4. 
 6. Release Requirement . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not make or provide the Severance Benefits or the Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) or waive its rights under Section 7(e) unless the Executive timely executes and delivers to the Company a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release and such Release becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the Executive s Termination Date. If the foregoing requirements are not satisfied by the Executive, then no Severance Benefits nor Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be due to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 
 7. Effect on Other Plans, Agreements and Benefits . 
 (a) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will be in lieu of and not in addition to (i) any severance benefits to which the Executive would otherwise be entitled under any general severance policy or severance plan maintained by the Company or any agreement between the Executive and the Company that provides for severance benefits (for the avoidance, other than any special written retention agreements) and (ii) any salary continuation provided for under the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement. 
 (b) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit policies or plans of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 
 (c) The Executive s entitlement to any other benefits not expressly referenced herein shall be determined in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plans then in effect. 
 (d) The Executive expressly agrees that any amounts the Executive may owe to the Company as of the Termination Date may be deducted from the amounts that the Company would otherwise owe to the Executive under this Agreement, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, then all Variable Compensation shall be immediately canceled for no consideration. 
 (f) The Executive will be subject to the Company s clawback policies in effect from time to time, if such policies are also applicable to all other executive officers of the Company on the same terms. 
 8. Section 280G of the Code . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code) and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which the Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement will be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the 
 5 

present value of such total amounts and benefits received by the Executive from the Company and or such person(s) will be 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by the Executive will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax economic position to the Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). 
 (b) The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, will be made by determining the Parachute Payment Ratio (as defined below) for each payment or benefit then reducing the total payments and benefits in order, beginning with the payment or benefit with the highest Parachute Payment Ratio. Payments or benefits with the same Parachute Payment Ratio will be reduced based on the time of payment, with the latest payments or benefits reduced first. Payments or benefits with the same Parachute Payment Ratio and the same time of payment will be reduced proportionately. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Parachute Payment Ratio shall mean a fraction, (a) the numerator of which is the value of the applicable payment or benefit, as calculated for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, and (b) the denominator of which is the intrinsic (i.e., economic) value of such payment or benefit. 
 (c) The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary will be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose by the Company in its sole discretion (the 280G Firm ). In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm or the Company may retain the services of an independent valuation expert. 
 (d) If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided in accordance with this Section 8 and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from the Company used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount, then the Executive must immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 8 will require the Company to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, the Executive s excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 9. Arbitration and Class and Representative Action Waiver . 
 (a) The Parties agree that, subject to Section 9(b), any controversy or claim between the Company and the Executive arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its termination shall be settled and determined by a single arbitrator whose award shall be accepted as final and binding upon the Parties. If the Executive initiates arbitration, the Executive will be responsible for paying one-half of the filing fee. Each Party will be responsible for their own attorney s fees, subject to Section 5(d). The Parties shall jointly select an arbitrator from JAMS, Inc. JAMS or the American Arbitration Association AAA with at least ten (10) years of experience in employment disputes. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis by the AAA or JAMS and administered under their Employment Arbitration Rules, which are currently available at http www.adr.org and http www.jamsadr.com, respectively. The arbitrator shall have the authority to allow for appropriate discovery and exchange of information before a hearing, including, but not limited to, production of documents, information requests, depositions and subpoenas. Unless the arbitrator determines additional discovery is necessary to adequately arbitrate Executive s claims, discovery shall be conducted in accordance with the then-current version of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Those rules can be found at https 
 6 

www.law.cornell.edu rules frcp. The arbitration shall take place in Columbus, Ohio. Notwithstanding the AAA or JAMS rules, all parties to the arbitration shall have the right to file a dispositive motion and shall not be required to seek permission from the arbitrator to do so. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
 (b) This Arbitration provision does not include 
 (i) Any claim arising under or related to the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement 
 (ii) A claim for workers compensation benefits 
 (iii) A claim for unemployment compensation benefits 
 (iv) A claim based upon the Company s current (successor or future) employee benefits and or welfare plans that contain an appeal procedure or other procedure for the resolution of disputes under this Agreement and 
 (v) A claim of sexual harassment, including hostile work environment, sexual assault (defined as actual or threatened unwelcomed touching of a sexual nature), gender discrimination, and retaliation related to same. 
 (c) This Agreement also does not prevent the Executive from filing a claim or charge with a federal, state or local administrative agency, such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or similar state or local agencies. 
 (d) This Agreement does not prohibit those limited circumstances under which either Party finds it necessary to seek emergency or temporary injunctive relief, such as a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order, from a court that may be necessary to protect any rights or property of either Party pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal or its determination of the merits of the dispute. 
 (e) CLASS ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a class action or collective action Class Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES THAT ARISE, OR HAVE ARISEN, OUT OF EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT OR THE TERMINATION OF THE EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT SHALL PROCEED IN ARBITRATION SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (f) REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a representative action or as a private attorney general action, including but not limited to claims brought pursuant to the Private Attorney General Act of 2004, Cal. Lab. Code 2698, et seq. Representative Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, TO THE EXTENT CONSISTENT WITH APPLICABLE LAW, THE EXECUTIVE MAY NOT SEEK RELIEF ON BEHALF OF OTHERS IN ARBITRATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SIMILARLY AGGRIEVED EMPLOYEES. THE ARBITRATOR S 
 7 

AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (g) The Parties agree that only a court of competent jurisdiction may interpret this Section 9 and resolve challenges to its validity and enforceability, including but not limited to the validity, enforceability and interpretation of the Class Action Waiver and Representative Action Waiver. The arbitrator shall have no jurisdiction or power to make such determinations. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the duty to arbitrate found in this Section 9 and all arbitration proceedings under this Agreement. 
 (h) Any conflict between the rules and procedures set forth in either the JAMS or AAA rules and those set forth in this Agreement shall be resolved in favor of those in this Agreement. 
 (i) The burden of proof at an arbitration shall at all times be on the Party seeking relief. 
 (j) In reaching a decision, the arbitrator shall apply the governing substantive law applicable to the claims, causes of action and defenses asserted by the Parties, as applicable in Ohio. The arbitrator shall have the power to award all remedies that could be awarded by a court or administrative agency in accordance with the governing and applicable substantive law, including, without limitation, Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. 
 (k) The aggrieved Party must give written notice of any claim to the other Party within the applicable statute of limitations. The written notice shall describe the nature of all claims asserted and the facts upon which those claims are based, and shall set forth the aggrieved Party s intention to pursue arbitration. The notice shall be mailed to the other Party by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 10. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. 
 11. At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not alter the status of the Executive as an at-will employee of the Company. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give the Executive the right to remain employed by the Company or to interfere with the rights of the Company to terminate the employment of the Executive at any time, with or without Cause. 
 12. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the Class Action Waiver and or Representative Action Waiver in Section 9 is unenforceable for any reason, then the unenforceable waiver provision shall be severable from this Agreement, and any claims covered by any deemed unenforceable waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the Agreement shall be binding and enforceable. 
 13. Headings and Subheadings . Headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the heading or subheading of any section or paragraph. 
 8 

14. Unfunded Obligations . The amounts to be paid to the Executive under this Agreement are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. The Executive shall not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 15. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement (including the Notice of Termination and a notice of a claim for which a Party seeks arbitration) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or upon receipt if overnight delivery service or facsimile is used, addressed as follows 
 To the Executive 
 At the most recent address contained in the Company s personnel files. 
 
 To the Company 
 Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 Three Limited Parkway, 
 Columbus, Ohio 43230 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 16. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the Executive s consent to (a) an affiliate of the Company, or (b) in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into, any other entity or person, or transfer all or substantially all of its properties, stock, or assets to any other entity or person, to the acquirer or resulting entity in such transaction. This Agreement will be binding upon any successor of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Agreement if no succession had taken place. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by the Executive, the Executive s beneficiaries or the Executive s legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal personal representative. 
 17. Waiver . Any Party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any Party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 
 18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same original. 
 19. Governing Law . Unless otherwise noted in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 20. Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 21. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to either avoid the application of, or comply with, Section 409A of the Code. To that end, this Agreement shall at all times be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have 
 9 

the right, in its sole discretion, to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or take such other actions (including amendments and actions with retroactive effect) as it determines is necessary or appropriate for this Agreement to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Further 
 (a) Any reimbursement of any costs and expenses by the Company to the Executive shall be made by the Company in no event later than the close of the Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the cost or expense is incurred by the Executive. The expenses incurred by the Executive in any calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement shall not affect the expenses incurred by the Executive in any other calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement and the Executive s right to receive any reimbursement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 
 (b) Any payment following a separation from service that would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code as a distribution by reason of a separation from service of a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) shall be made on the first to occur of (i) ten (10) days after the expiration of the six (6)-month period following such separation from service, (ii) death, or (iii) such earlier date that complies with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Each payment that the Executive may receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Payments under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. Any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement may be accelerated in time or schedule by the Company, in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty imposed on the Executive under Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 22. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in this Section 22. 
 (a) 2020 Stock Plan means the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (b) Accrued Amounts means (i) unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date (ii) unreimbursed business expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Company during the term of their employment in accordance with the Company s standard policies (including expense verification policies) regarding the reimbursement of business expenses, as the same may be modified from time to time and (iii) any vested benefits pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Company s then applicable plans and policies. 
 (c) Base Salary means the Executive s annual base salary in effect as of the Termination Date (without giving effect to any reduction resulting in a Qualifying Termination for Good Reason). 
 (d) Cause means, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, that the Executive (i) was grossly negligent in the performance of the Executive s duties with the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or 
 10 

mental illness) (ii) has pled guilty or no contest to, or has been convicted of, an act which is defined as a felony under federal or state law (iii) engaged in misconduct in bad faith that could reasonably be expected to materially harm the Company s business or its reputation or (iv) commits or engages in Subject Conduct. In the event of any of the conditions described above, the Company shall provide the Executive a Notice of Termination stating the grounds for immediate termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s experiences a Termination other than by the Company for Cause, the Company shall have the sole discretion to later use after-acquired evidence to retroactively re-characterize the prior Termination as a Termination for Cause if such after-acquired evidence supports such an action. 
 (e) Change in Control means a Change in Control under the 2020 Stock Plan. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (g) Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement means the written Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement or other similar agreement between the Executive and the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 (h) Good Reason means (i) your failure to continue as Chief Executive Officer of the Company (or, in the event of a Change in Control, the resulting ultimate parent company) (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with and that constitute a material adverse change to the Executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting requirements or structure (iii) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within fifteen (15) days after a merger, consolidation, sale, or similar transaction (iv) the Executive s mandatory relocation to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from the Executive s principal office location in the Columbus, Ohio area (v) a reduction in the Executive s annual base salary, target annual bonus opportunity or target annual equity award opportunity (other than any across the board reduction in annual base salary not to exceed 15 of the annual base salary (and corresponding decrease in target annual bonus opportunity) that applies uniformly to the Executive and similarly situated executives of the Company) (vi) the Company s failure to renominate the Executive to the Company s Board of Directors upon any expiration of her term of service as a member of the Board of Directors occurring during her employment or (vii) any other material breach by the Company of any material agreement between the Company and the Executive. Good Reason shall not include acts taken by the Company by reason of the Executive s physical or mental infirmity which impairs the Executive s ability to substantially perform their duties. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any assertion by the Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (x) the Executive has provided a Notice of Termination to the Company indicating the existence of the condition(s) providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such condition becoming known (or should have become known) to them (y) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice and (x) the Executive terminates employment immediately following the expiration of such thirty-day (30) period. For avoidance of doubt, if the Executive resigns for the Good Reason described about in clause (v), the severance payments described in Sections 4 and 5 of this Agreement (as applicable) will be calculated without regard to any reduction in the Executive s annual base salary and or target annual bonus opportunity giving rise to such Good Reason. 
 11 

(i) IC Plan means the incentive compensation plan of the Company in which the Executive participates as of the Termination Date. 
 (j) Notice of Termination means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if applicable, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for the Executive s Termination under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Termination Date is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Termination Date. 
 (k) Protection Period means, (i) the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means the Executive s Termination either (i) by the Company without Cause or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason. 
 (m) Subject Conduct means sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing or a violation of any policy of the Company relating to sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing. 
 (n) Termination means the Executive s termination of employment with the Company, for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service as defined and applied under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (o) Total Disability means total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan as in effect from time to time. 
 (p) Variable Compensation means any cash-based performance or incentive award paid by or any equity or equity-based compensation awarded by the Company, including, but not limited to, under the 2020 Stock Plan (and any successor thereto) and the IC Plan. 
 Signature Page Follows 

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the Executive has executed this Agreement as of the date(s) set forth below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 DATE 
 
 s Gina R. Boswell December 1, 2022 
 Gina R. Boswell 
 
 BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. DATE 
 
 By s Sarah Nash December 1, 2022 
 
 Title Executive Chair and Interim 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Executive Severance Agreement 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.18>
 8
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1018.htm
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND IP AGREEMENT WITH WENDY ARLIN

Document 

Exhibit 10.18 

 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 (SVP and above) 
 
 As an Associate of a subsidiary of L Brands, Inc. (collectively, the Company ), I have access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company's Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company s trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company s products, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. This provision also does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency. This provision also does not prohibit me from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission, or from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations. 
 
 2. If I decide to resign my employment with the Company, I will provide the Company with thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
 
 3. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 
 4. I agree that all inventions, designs and ideas conceived, produced, created, or reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company s business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including all copyrights, patents, and or 

trademarks. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 
 5. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of nine (9) months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the nine-month period by giving me a written waiver. I also understand that the Company shall continue to pay me my base salary during the period I am required not to work for a competitor, except that in no case will the Company pay me my base salary for any portion of the nine-month period that I am employed or work for someone other than a competitor. It is my responsibility to report immediately to the head of Human Resources for the Company should I accept employment during any period after my separation from the Company for which I am paid by the Company. 
 
 6. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 
 7. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 
 8. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 

Date 5 12 2021 s Wendy Arlin 
 Name 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.22>
 9
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1022.htm
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND IP AGREEMENT WITH DEON RILEY

Document 
 Exhibit 10.22 

 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 (SVP and above) 
 
 As an Associate of a subsidiary of L Brands, Inc. (collectively, the Company ), I have 
 access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company's Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company s trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company s products, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. This provision also does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency. This provision also does not prohibit me from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission, or from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations. 
 
 2. If I decide to resign my employment with the Company, I will provide the Company with thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
 
 3. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 
 4. I agree that all inventions, designs and ideas conceived, produced, created, or 
 reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company s business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including all copyrights, patents, and or 

trademarks. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 
 5. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of nine (9) 
 months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the nine-month period by giving me a written waiver. I also understand that the Company shall continue to pay me my base salary during the period I am required not to work for a competitor, except that in no case will the Company pay me my base salary for any portion of the nine-month period that I am employed or work for someone other than a competitor. It is my responsibility to report immediately to the head of Human Resources for the Company should I accept employment during any period after my separation from the Company for which I am paid by the Company. 
 
 6. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 
 7. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 
 8. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 

Date 12-7-20 s Deon N. Riley 
 Name 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-10.26>
 10
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1026.htm
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND IP AGREEMENT WITH JULIE ROSEN

Document 
 Exhibit 10.26 

 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 (SVP and above) 
 
 As an Associate of a subsidiary of L Brands, Inc. (collectively, the Company ), I have access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company s Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company's trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company's products, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. This provision also does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency. This provision also does not prohibit me from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission, or from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations. 
 2. If I decide to resign my employment with the Company, I will provide the Company with thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
 3. If I leave Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee Or any other having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 4. I agree that all inventions, designs and ideas conceived, produced, created, or reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company's business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I 

irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including all copyrights, patents, and or trademarks. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 5. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of nine (9) months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the nine-month period by giving me a written waiver. I also understand that the Company shall continue to pay me my base salary during the period I am required not to for a competitor, except that in no case will the Company pay me my base salary for any portion of the nine-month period that I am employed or work for someone other than a competitor. It is my responsibility to report immediately to the head of Human Resources for the Company should I accept employment during any period after my separation from the Company for which I am paid by the Company. 
 6. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 7. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 8. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 
 Date 7 23 2020 s Julie Rosen Name 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-10.29>
 11
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1029.htm
 CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND IP AGREEMENT WITH MICHAEL WU

Document 
 Exhibit 10.29 

CONFIDENTIALITY, NON-COMPETITION AND 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AGREEMENT 
 (SVP and above) 
 
 As an Associate of a subsidiary of L Brands, Inc. (collectively, the Company ), have access to or may develop trade secrets, intellectual property, and other confidential or proprietary information Confidential Information of the Company. 
 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of my employment or continued employment with the Company and my right to participate in certain Company incentive plans and in recognition of the highly competitive nature of the business conducted by the Company, I agree as follows 
 
 1. I will at all times during and after my employment with the Company faithfully hold the Company's Confidential Information in the strictest confidence, and I will use my best efforts and highest diligence to guard against its disclosure to anyone other than as required in the performance of my duties to the Company. I will not use Confidential Information for my personal benefit or for the benefit of any competitor of the Company or other person. I understand that Confidential Information includes all information and materials relating to Intellectual Property, as defined below, the Company s trade secrets and all information relating to the Company that the Company has not made available to the public. By way of example, Confidential Information includes information about the Company s products, designs, processes, advertising, marketing, promotional plans, technical procedures, strategies, financial information, and many other types of information and materials. Upon termination of my employment with the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination, I will return to the Company all documents and other materials of any kind that contain Confidential Information. I will not use any confidential information of any third party, including any prior employer, in the course of my work for the Company. This provision also does not prohibit me from cooperating with the EEOC or any other state or local fair employment practices agency. This provision also does not prohibit me from reporting possible violations of federal or state law or regulations to any governmental entity, including but not limited to the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission, or from making other disclosures protected under applicable whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulations. 
 
 2. If I decide to resign my employment with the Company, I will provide the Company with thirty (30) days prior written notice. 
 
 3. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly solicit, induce or attempt to influence any associate to leave the employment of the Company, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. Further, I agree that for a period of twelve (12) months after my separation from the Company, I will not directly or indirectly recruit, solicit or otherwise induce or attempt to influence any customer, supplier, sales representative, lender, lessor, lessee or any other person having a business relationship with the Company to discontinue or reduce the extent of that relationship, nor will I in any way assist anyone else in doing the things I myself cannot do. 
 
 4. I agree that all inventions, designs and ideas conceived, produced, created, or reduced to practice, either solely or jointly with others, during my employment with the Company, including those developed on my own time, which relate to or are useful in the Company s business Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by the Company. I understand that whether in preliminary or final form, such Intellectual Property includes, for example, all ideas, inventions, discoveries, designs, 

innovations, improvements, trade secrets, and other intellectual property. All Intellectual Property is either work made for hire for the Company within the meaning of the U. S. Copyright Act, or, if such Intellectual Property is determined not to be work made for hire, then I irrevocably assign all right, title and interest in and to the Intellectual Property to the Company, including all copyrights, patents, and or trademarks. I will, without any additional consideration, execute all documents and take all other actions needed to convey my complete ownership of the Intellectual Property to the Company so that the Company may own and protect such Intellectual Property and obtain patent, copyright and trademark registrations for it. I agree that the Company may alter or modify the Intellectual Property at the Company s sole discretion, and I waive all right to claim or disclaim authorship. I represent and warrant that any Intellectual Property that I assign to the Company, except as otherwise disclosed in writing at the time of assignment, will be my sole, exclusive, original work. I confirm that I have not previously invented any Intellectual Property, or I have advised the Company in writing of any prior inventions or ideas. 
 
 5. If I leave the Company for any reason whatsoever, then for a period of nine (9) months after my separation from the Company, I will not, directly or indirectly, work for or contribute to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. I understand that the Company at its sole discretion may waive this provision or shorten the nine-month period by giving me a written waiver. I also understand that the Company shall continue to pay me my base salary during the period I am required not to work for a competitor, except that in no case will the Company pay me my base salary for any portion of the nine-month period that I am employed or work for someone other than a competitor. It is my responsibility to report immediately to the head of Human Resources for the Company should I accept employment during any period after my separation from the Company for which I am paid by the Company. 
 
 6. I understand that the Company is entitled, in addition to other remedies, to obtain an injunction against any potential or actual violation of this Agreement. Further, I understand that nothing in this Agreement shall cancel or modify any right I have to receive compensation upon my termination of employment that has been agreed to in any previous agreement. 
 
 7. I agree that the Company may assign this Agreement without my consent, and agree that the rights of the Company hereunder shall inure to the benefit of its successors and assigns. I may not assign this Agreement, as the obligations hereunder are personal to me. 
 
 8. This Agreement cannot be modified unless the Company agrees in writing and this Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Ohio law. 

Date 4 19 2021 s Michael Wu 
 Name 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.30>
 12
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1030.htm
 OFFER LETTER BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL WU

Document 
 Exhibit 10.30 

April 19, 2021 
 Michael Wu 

Dear Michael, 
 
 Congratulations! I am thrilled to present you with this formal invitation to join L Brands as Chief Legal Officer. 
 Onto the specifics behind this letter you ll find an overview of the compensation and benefits of the offer. 
 Position Chief Legal Officer L Brands 
 Annual Base Salary 675,000 
 
 Based on your hire date, you will receive your first annual review in March April 2022, and each March April thereafter, with annual adjustments based on 
 (1) Your performance 
 (2) Company Performance & Market Conditions 
 Start Date To Be Determined 
 Location It is understood that the Chief Legal Officer at L Brands is based in Columbus, OH . As such, it is understood and agreed that you will be on site in our offices during business hours and as needed for activities that may develop outside of normal business hours (subject to any restrictions imposed in relation to COVID-19). Exceptions to this must be approved by Human Resources and Andrew Meslow. 
 It is understood and agreed that your relocation will be completed no later than June 2022 (subject to any restrictions imposed in relation to COVID-19). The specific relocation benefits provided to you will be consistent with the relocation policy at the time of initiation. The Company will cover the costs of any business trips to the Columbus area prior to your relocation. 
 
 Incentive Compensation You will be eligible to participate in the Company s Incentive Compensation (cash bonus) program, beginning with the Spring 2021 season. Your initial annual target level is 80 of your annual base salary. 
 Except for the first season s IC payment as described below, participation in the Company s Incentive Compensation (IC) program does not guarantee or give rise to a legitimate expectation of any entitlement to a payout. All payments under the program are determined by the Board of Directors of the Company s parent and are based on Bath & Body Works profit results and can vary from zero (0) to a maximum of double your target level. In calculating your annual IC payout, the year is divided into two seasons with 40 of your annual IC, if any, paid for the spring season and 60 of your annual IC, if any, paid for the fall season. For the Spring 2021 season, your IC payout was guaranteed at a minimum of par 216,000) in the event Company performance exceeds target, you will be eligible for a payout up to two times of target 432,000). 

Equity Awards 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the L Brands Stock Option and Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), upon your hire the Company will recommend to the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company s parent that you be granted 750,000 in a restricted stock grant. Shares will vest 30 on the first anniversary of the award grant date, 30 on the second anniversary of the award grant date, and 40 on the third anniversary of the award grant date and will convert to L Brands common stock upon vesting. 

All future grants will be made commensurate with your position and performance. Your entitlement to receive any future stock award is conditional upon the terms of the Plan and your continuing employment with the Company. 
 Sign-on Bonus 
 
 A cash sign-on bonus totaling 250,000 will be paid within two weeks of your start date and is subject to the terms and conditions contained in the enclosed Sign-On Bonus Agreement entered between you and the company. 
 Relocation 
 
 This offer is contingent upon your future relocation to Columbus, OH which should be completed no later June 2022 (subject to any restrictions imposed in relation to COVID19). Your relocation will be executed under the provisions of the Company s relocation policy. 

In addition, you have received and understand the Relocation Policy and agree that if you voluntarily resign or you are terminated for misconduct prior to the first anniversary of your initiation date into the relocation program, you will reimburse the Company for all costs related to your relocation and if said resignation or termination occurs after the first anniversary of your initiation into the relocation program but prior to the second anniversary, you will reimburse the Company an amount equal to one-half of all costs related to your relocation. Relocation costs include, but are not limited to, actual costs as well as any relocation bonuses. Per our mutual agreement, the Company will cover the cost of four (4) round-trip visits to Columbus for you and your family prior to your relocation to the area. 
 Benefits 
 
 We offer a comprehensive benefits program that is very competitive within the retail industry. During the interview process, you were provided a copy of the Benefits Overview. The Benefits Overview highlights the health, welfare and lifestyle benefits you will receive as a Chief Legal Officer at the Company. For more information on our US Health Benefits and Executive Benefits. 
 Severance 

In the event of a termination of employment by LB, or Bath and Body Works, other than for cause , other than during the 24-month period following a change in control (as defined in the L Brands stock plan ), subject to the execution and nonrevocation of a general waiver and release of claims, you will be entitled to receive 
 (i) continued payment of your base salary for 24 months following the termination date, 
 (ii) the actual incentive compensation you would have received if you had remained an employee of LB for one year following the termination date and 
 (iii) for a period of up to 24 months following the termination of employment (or earlier if you become subsequently employed), LB will provide you and your beneficiaries medical and dental benefits substantially similar in the aggregate to those provided prior to the date of termination. 
 
 In addition, if such termination of employment occurs within the 24-month period following a change in control , subject to the execution and nonrevocation of a general waiver and release of claims, you will be entitled to receive 
 
 (i) an amount equal to two times your base salary, 

(ii) an amount equal to the sum of the last four bonus payments under LB s incentive compensation program plus a prorated amount for the season in which your employment is terminated (based on the average of such four prior bonus payments) 
 (iii) for a period of 24 months following the termination of employment (or earlier if you become subsequently employed), you and your beneficiaries will be entitled to receive medical and dental benefits substantially similar in the aggregate to those provided prior to the date of termination. 
 
 Lbrands stock plan can be found here. 
 
 This offer is based on your representation that you are under no legal impediment to accepting our offer and performing the anticipated services. This offer is contingent upon a mutually agreed upon start date, successful completion of background checking and completion of references. It is understood that you agree to an acceptance date of this offer by Monday, April 19, 2021. This offer is also subject to your agreeing to enter into the attached Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement. 
 
 This letter does not constitute an employment contract with you. As set forth in The Guide, our associate handbook, your employment will be at-will. 
 
 The Company reserves the right to amend, vary or withdraw any compensation, benefit, bonus, equity award or other such programs at any time, in the sole discretion of the Company. All compensation, benefit, bonus, equity award and other such programs are governed by and subject to the official plan documents, award agreements and Board of Directors of the Company s parent. 
 
 Upon acceptance of this offer, please sign this letter along with the agreements outlined on the checklist and return them via DocuSign. 
 
 We want reviewing your offer to be hassle-free, so we are here to answer any questions you may have. Please contact Deon Riley at and she can help clarify any part of your offer. Also, once you accept, we will support you with a comprehensive new hire orientation program, including even more specific details about benefits. 
 
 We look forward to having you on the team! 

Sincerely, I accept this offer as of the date above. 
 
 s Andrew Meslow s Michael Wu 
 Andrew Meslow Michael Wu 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 L Brands and Bath & Body Works 

</EX-10.30>

<EX-10.31>
 13
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1031.htm
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL WU

Document 
 Exhibit 10.31 

 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 THIS EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of May 13, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc. and on behalf of all of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company and Michael C. Wu (the Executive (hereinafter collectively referred to as the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Executive currently serves as a key employee of the Company and the Executive s services and knowledge are valuable to the Company and 
 WHEREAS, in consideration of the Executive s continued employment, the Company has determined that it is in its best interests to provide the Executive with the severance protections in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the foregoing, and in view of the promises and other good and valuable consideration described in this Agreement (the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged), the Parties agree as follows 
 1. Effective Date and Term of this Agreement . This Agreement shall be effective on the Effective Date and will remain in effect unless and until (i) the Executive s employment with the Company is terminated by either Party in accordance with Section 2, and (ii) all payments and or benefits to which the Executive is entitled under this Agreement, if any, have been made or provided to the Executive in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 2. Termination of Employment . The Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the earlier of (i) automatically sixty (60) days after the Executive provides a Notice of Termination of the Executive s resignation for any reason other than for Good Reason (ii) thirty (30) days following the Executive providing a Notice of Termination indicating the existence of a condition(s) constituting Good Reason other than to the extent that such condition is cured (iii) immediately upon the Executive s Total Disability or death (iv) automatically thirty (30) days after the Executive receives Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s Termination without Cause or (v) the date set forth in the Notice of Termination from the Company of the Executive s termination of employment with the Company for Cause (collectively, the earliest of being the Termination Date ). The Company may, in its sole discretion, waive all or any part of the notice periods set forth in subsection (i) or (iv) in the immediately preceding sentence and pay the Executive in lieu of any such waived period the compensation and other benefits that the Executive would have otherwise received in such period, but in either case the Executive or the Company, as applicable, will deliver such Notice of Termination. 
 3. Non-Qualifying Termination . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts and the Executive shall not be entitled to severance benefits under this Agreement or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company. 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, to the extent that the Executive experiences a Termination for any reason while a Company-led internal investigation into facts that could reasonably give rise to the Executive s Termination for Cause is pending (i) the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any severance benefits under this Agreement (other than the Accrued Amounts) or any other agreement or 
 1 

severance plan, policy or program of the Company and (ii) the Executive shall not be entitled to vest in or receive any Variable Compensation in either case, unless and until the Company concludes its investigation with a finding that grounds for a Termination for Cause did not in fact exist, and only to the extent provided for under the terms of the applicable agreement, plan, policy or program. 
 (c) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s death or if the Executive gives the Company a Notice of Termination other than for Good Reason, the Company s sole obligation shall be to pay the Executive the Accrued Amounts. 
 (d) If the Executive experiences a Termination by reason of the Executive s Total Disability, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (i) the Accrued Amounts and (ii) the Executive shall be entitled to receive disability benefits available under the Company s long-term disability plan as then in effect, to the extent applicable. 
 4. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Not Within the Protection Period . If the Executive experiences a Qualifying Termination not within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company shall provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Severance Benefits 
 (a) The Accrued Amounts 
 (b) The Company shall continue to pay the Executive s Base Salary for a period of two (2) years following the Qualifying Termination, less applicable withholding, payable as follows (i) on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date falling on or after sixty (60) days from the Executive s Termination Date (the First Payment Date ), the Company will pay the Executive, without interest, the number of missed payroll installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the First Payment Date had the installments been paid on the Company s regularly scheduled payroll dates, and (ii) each of the remaining installments shall be paid on the Company s regularly scheduled pay dates during the remainder of such two (2)-year period 
 (c) The Company shall pay the Executive an amount equal two (2) years of COBRA premiums (based on the premium rate in effect on the Termination Date) in a single lump sum payment less applicable withholding COBRA Payment ). The COBRA Payment shall be paid (i) on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date falling on or after sixty (60) days from the Executive s Termination Date and (ii) regardless of whether the Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage under the Company s group health plan 
 (d) The Company shall pay the Executive any incentive compensation under the IC Plan as follows (i) the incentive compensation that the Executive would have received for the season which includes the Executive s Termination Date if the Executive had remained employed with the Company through the completion of such season, pro-rated to such Termination Date and based on actual performance and (ii) the incentive compensation under the IC Plan that the Executive would have received if the Executive had remained employed with the Company for a period of two (2) years (i.e., four (4) seasons under the IC Plan) after the Termination Date based on actual performance, less applicable withholding, subject to the terms of the IC Plan. The foregoing payments shall be paid at the same time as payments under the IC Plan are typically paid, but in no event later than March 15 th of the year following the year in which the applicable season is completed and 
 (e) The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined as follows 
 2 

(i) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest only based on the passage of time shall vest and be settled on the First Payment Date, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying (x) the number of shares subject to the award by (y) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable time-based vesting period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the time-based vesting period, less (B) the number of shares subject to the award that had already vested pursuant to the award s terms prior to the Termination Date, if any 
 (ii) A pro-rata portion of the outstanding unvested equity awards that are held by the Executive as of the Termination Date and vest based, at least in part, on the satisfaction of performance goals shall vest and be settled promptly following the end of the performance period, but in any event not earlier than the First Payment Date or later than the end of the calendar year in which performance period ends, which pro-rata vesting shall be determined by (A) multiplying the number of shares that the Executive would have earned for the entire performance period based on the level of performance determined in accordance with the applicable plan and award agreements by (B) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of complete months between the first day of the applicable performance period and the Termination Date, and the denominator of which is the aggregate number of months in the vesting period 
 (iii) To the extent that any outstanding unvested equity award that is held by the Executive as of the Termination Date would vest at a greater percentage under the terms of the applicable plan and award agreement than as provided for under Sections 4(e)(i)-(ii), the terms of such award agreement shall instead determine the number of shares covered by such equity award that will vest under this Section 4(e), subject to Sections 4(e)(iv)-(v) 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no equity awards that are outstanding as of the Termination Date will be forfeited during the three (3)-month period commencing upon the Termination Date, provided, that, (x) to the extent a Change in Control occurs during such three (3)-month period, any such equity awards that are outstanding and unvested as of the Change in Control will instead be treated in accordance with Section 5 and (y) to the extent a Change in Control does not occur during such three (3)-month period, any portion of the equity awards outstanding as of Termination Date that do not vest pursuant to Sections 4(e)(i)-(iii) shall be forfeited and 
 (v) To the extent that the payment or settlement of any equity awards in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. 
 5. Severance Upon a Qualifying Termination Within the Protection Period . If the Executive has a Qualifying Termination within the Protection Period, then, subject to Section 6, the Company will provide the Executive with the following (collectively, the Change in Control Severance Benefits 
 (a) The payments and benefits described in Sections 4(a), (b), and (c) 
 (b) A payment equal to the sum of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Termination Date (the Bonus Amount ). The Bonus Amount shall be paid, less applicable withholding, in a lump sum cash payment on the First Payment Date 
 3 

(c) A payment equal to the product of (i) the average of the incentive compensation payouts that the Executive actually received under the IC Plan for the four (4) completed seasons immediately preceding the Executive s Termination Date, multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days in the season (within the meaning of the IC Plan) in which the Termination Date occurs that elapsed through the Termination Date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in such season. The foregoing payment, less applicable withholding, shall be paid on the First Payment Date 
 (d) If any action at law, in equity, or arbitration, including an action for declaratory relief, is brought by the Executive to obtain or enforce any rights provided by this Section 5, and Executive prevails in such action, the Company shall reimburse the Executive for all documented legal fees and expenses reasonably incurred by the Executive in such action provided that such reasonable legal fees and expenses incurred by the Executive within the first six (6) months following the Executive s Termination Date shall be reimbursed by the Company during the seventh (7th) month after the Executive s Termination Date. Expenses incurred thereafter shall be reimbursed on a monthly basis for expenses incurred in the preceding month by the Company in accordance with the Company s expense policies applicable to employees and 
 (e) All of the outstanding and unvested equity awards held by the Executive immediately before such Qualifying Termination will immediately become fully vested and payable on the First Payment Date, provided that, to the extent that paying any portion of such amount in accordance with the foregoing would constitute an impermissible change in the time or form of payment under Section 409A of the Code, then such portion shall be payable at a time that would be permitted under Section 409A of the Code and that is as near as possible to the payment timing contemplated by the foregoing. To the extent that an equity award vests based on the achievement of performance goals, performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at target levels if less than one-third of the applicable performance period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, otherwise performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at maximum levels. 
 In the event that the Termination Date occurs during the portion of the Protection Period that precedes a Change in Control and the Executive has already commenced receiving payments and or benefits under Section 4 prior to the Change in Control, then (i) the Executive will be entitled to the payments and benefits under this Section 5 in lieu of any additional payments or benefits under Section 4, but only to the extent an equivalent payment and or benefit has not already been paid or provided pursuant to Section 4 and (ii) any payments that the Executive would have otherwise been entitled to under this Section 5 that have not otherwise been paid to the Executive as of the Change in Control will be paid to the Executive in a single lump sum payment as soon as administratively practicable, but no later than sixty (60) calendar days following the occurrence of the Change in Control. 
 6. Release Requirement . Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not make or provide the Severance Benefits or the Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) or waive its rights under Section 7(e) unless the Executive timely executes and delivers to the Company a release of claims in favor of the Company, its affiliates and their respective officers and directors in a form provided by the Company (the Release and such Release becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days following the Executive s Termination Date. If the foregoing requirements are not satisfied by the Executive, then no Severance Benefits nor Change in Control Severance Benefits (in each case, other than the Accrued Amounts) shall be due to the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 
 7. Effect on Other Plans, Agreements and Benefits . 
 4 

(a) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will be in lieu of and not in addition to (i) any severance benefits to which the Executive would otherwise be entitled under any general severance policy or severance plan maintained by the Company or any agreement between the Executive and the Company that provides for severance benefits (for the avoidance, other than any special written retention agreements) and (ii) any salary continuation provided for under the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement. 
 (b) Any severance benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit policies or plans of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 
 (c) The Executive s entitlement to any other benefits not expressly referenced herein shall be determined in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plans then in effect. 
 (d) The Executive expressly agrees that any amounts the Executive may owe to the Company as of the Termination Date may be deducted from the amounts that the Company would otherwise owe to the Executive under this Agreement, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, then all Variable Compensation shall be immediately canceled for no consideration. If the Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, or the Company becomes aware (after the Executive s Termination) of conduct on the part of the Executive that would have been grounds for a Termination for Cause, then the Company retains the right to require the Executive to deliver to the Company, immediately upon request, the Variable Compensation (in shares and or cash) granted on or after the Effective Date and paid or delivered to the Executive within the three (3) years prior to the Termination Date, including the profit the Executive realized upon the exercise of stock options, if any. 
 8. Section 280G of the Code . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code) and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which the Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement will be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by the Executive from the Company and or such person(s) will be 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by the Executive will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to the Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). 
 (b) The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, will be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. 
 5 

(c) The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary will be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose by the Company in its sole discretion (the 280G Firm ). In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm or the Company may retain the services of an independent valuation expert. 
 (d) If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from the Company used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds 1.00 less than three (3) times the Executive s base amount, then the Executive must immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 8 will require the Company to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, the Executive s excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 9. Arbitration and Class and Representative Action Waiver . 
 (a) The Parties agree that, subject to Section 9(b), any controversy or claim between the Company and the Executive arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its termination shall be settled and determined by a single arbitrator whose award shall be accepted as final and binding upon the Parties. If the Executive initiates arbitration, the Executive will be responsible for paying one-half of the filing fee. Each Party will be responsible for their own attorney s fees, subject to Section 5(d). The Parties shall jointly select an arbitrator from JAMS, Inc. JAMS or the American Arbitration Association AAA with at least ten (10) years of experience in employment disputes. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis by the AAA or JAMS and administered under their Employment Arbitration Rules, which are currently available at http www.adr.org and http www.jamsadr.com, respectively. The arbitrator shall have the authority to allow for appropriate discovery and exchange of information before a hearing, including, but not limited to, production of documents, information requests, depositions and subpoenas. Unless the arbitrator determines additional discovery is necessary to adequately arbitrate Executive s claims, discovery shall be conducted in accordance with the then-current version of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Those rules can be found at https www.law.cornell.edu rules frcp. The arbitration shall take place in Columbus, Ohio. Notwithstanding the AAA or JAMS rules, all parties to the arbitration shall have the right to file a dispositive motion and shall not be required to seek permission from the arbitrator to do so. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
 (b) This Arbitration provision does not include 
 (i) Any claim arising under or related to the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement 
 (ii) A claim for workers compensation benefits 
 (iii) A claim for unemployment compensation benefits 
 (iv) A claim based upon the Company s current (successor or future) employee benefits and or welfare plans that contain an appeal procedure or other procedure for the resolution of disputes under this Agreement and 
 6 

(v) A claim of sexual harassment, including hostile work environment, sexual assault (defined as actual or threatened unwelcomed touching of a sexual nature), gender discrimination, and retaliation related to same. 
 (c) This Agreement also does not prevent the Executive from filing a claim or charge with a federal, state or local administrative agency, such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or similar state or local agencies. 
 (d) This Agreement does not prohibit those limited circumstances under which either Party finds it necessary to seek emergency or temporary injunctive relief, such as a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order, from a court that may be necessary to protect any rights or property of either Party pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal or its determination of the merits of the dispute. 
 (e) CLASS ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a class action or collective action Class Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES THAT ARISE, OR HAVE ARISEN, OUT OF EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT OR THE TERMINATION OF THE EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT SHALL PROCEED IN ARBITRATION SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (f) REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a representative action or as a private attorney general action, including but not limited to claims brought pursuant to the Private Attorney General Act of 2004, Cal. Lab. Code 2698, et seq. Representative Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, TO THE EXTENT CONSISTENT WITH APPLICABLE LAW, THE EXECUTIVE MAY NOT SEEK RELIEF ON BEHALF OF OTHERS IN ARBITRATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SIMILARLY AGGRIEVED EMPLOYEES. THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (g) The Parties agree that only a court of competent jurisdiction may interpret this Section 9 and resolve challenges to its validity and enforceability, including but not limited to the validity, enforceability and interpretation of the Class Action Waiver and Representative Action Waiver. The arbitrator shall have no jurisdiction or power to make such determinations. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the duty to arbitrate found in this Section 9 and all arbitration proceedings under this Agreement. 
 (h) Any conflict between the rules and procedures set forth in either the JAMS or AAA rules and those set forth in this Agreement shall be resolved in favor of those in this Agreement. 
 (i) The burden of proof at an arbitration shall at all times be on the Party seeking relief. 
 (j) In reaching a decision, the arbitrator shall apply the governing substantive law applicable to the claims, causes of action and defenses asserted by the Parties, as applicable in Ohio. The arbitrator shall have the power to award all remedies that could be awarded by a court or administrative agency in accordance with the governing and applicable substantive law, 
 7 

including, without limitation, Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. 
 (k) The aggrieved Party must give written notice of any claim to the other Party as soon as possible after the aggrieved Party first knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the claim. The written notice shall describe the nature of all claims asserted and the facts upon which those claims are based, and shall set forth the aggrieved Party s intention to pursue arbitration. The notice shall be mailed to the other Party by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 10. Amendment . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. 
 11. At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not alter the status of the Executive as an at-will employee of the Company. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give the Executive the right to remain employed by the Company or to interfere with the rights of the Company to terminate the employment of the Executive at any time, with or without Cause. 
 12. Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the Class Action Waiver and or Representative Action Waiver in Section 9 is unenforceable for any reason, then the unenforceable waiver provision shall be severable from this Agreement, and any claims covered by any deemed unenforceable waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the Agreement shall be binding and enforceable. 
 13. Headings and Subheadings . Headings and subheadings contained in this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the heading or subheading of any section or paragraph. 
 14. Unfunded Obligations . The amounts to be paid to the Executive under this Agreement are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. The Executive shall not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 15. Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement (including the Notice of Termination and a notice of a claim for which a Party seeks arbitration) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or upon receipt if overnight delivery service or facsimile is used, addressed as follows 
 To the Executive 
 At the most recent address contained in the Company s personnel files. 
 
 To the Company 
 Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 Three Limited Parkway, 
 8 

Columbus, Ohio 43230 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 16. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the Executive s consent to (a) an affiliate of the Company, or (b) in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into, any other entity or person, or transfer all or substantially all of its properties, stock, or assets to any other entity or person, to the acquirer or resulting entity in such transaction. This Agreement will be binding upon any successor of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Agreement if no succession had taken place. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by the Executive, the Executive s beneficiaries or the Executive s legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the Executive s legal personal representative. 
 17. Waiver . Any Party s failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or provisions, nor prevent any Party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Agreement. 
 18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same original. 
 19. Governing Law . Unless otherwise noted in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 20. Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 21. Section 409A of the Code . This Agreement is intended to either avoid the application of, or comply with, Section 409A of the Code. To that end, this Agreement shall at all times be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or take such other actions (including amendments and actions with retroactive effect) as it determines is necessary or appropriate for this Agreement to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Further 
 (a) Any reimbursement of any costs and expenses by the Company to the Executive under this Agreement shall be made by the Company in no event later than the close of the Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the cost or expense is incurred by the Executive. The expenses incurred by the Executive in any calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement under this Agreement shall not affect the expenses incurred by the Executive in any other calendar year that are eligible for reimbursement hereunder and the Executive s right to receive any reimbursement hereunder shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for any other benefit. 
 (b) Any payment following a separation from service that would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code as a distribution following a separation from service of a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) shall be made on the first to occur of (i) ten (10) days after the expiration of the six (6)-month period following such separation from service, (ii) death, or (iii) such earlier date that complies with Section 409A of the Code. 
 9 

(c) Each payment that the Executive may receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Payments under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. Any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement may be accelerated in time or schedule by the Company, in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty imposed on the Executive under Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 22. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in this Section 22. 
 (a) 2020 Stock Plan means the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 (b) Accrued Amounts mean (i) unpaid Base Salary through the Termination Date and (ii) unreimbursed business expenses incurred by the Executive on behalf of the Company during the term of their employment in accordance with the Company s standard policies (including expense verification policies) regarding the reimbursement of business expenses, as the same may be modified from time to time. 
 (c) Base Salary means the Executive s annual base salary in effect as of the Termination Date (without giving effect to any reduction resulting in a Qualifying Termination for Good Reason). 
 (d) Cause means, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, that the Executive (i) was grossly negligent in the performance of the Executive s duties with the Company (other than a failure resulting from the Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) (ii) has pled guilty or no contest to, or has been convicted of, an act which is defined as a felony under federal or state law (iii) engaged in misconduct in bad faith that could reasonably be expected to materially harm the Company s business or its reputation or (iv) commits or engages in Subject Conduct. In the event of any of the conditions described above, the Company shall provide the Executive a Notice of Termination stating the grounds for immediate termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the Executive s experiences a Termination other than by the Company for Cause, the Company shall have the sole discretion to later use after-acquired evidence to retroactively re-characterize the prior Termination as a Termination for Cause if such after-acquired evidences supports such an action. 
 (e) Change in Control means a Change in Control under the 2020 Stock Plan. 
 (f) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Any reference to a section of the Code shall be deemed to include a reference to any regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (g) Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement means the written Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement or other 
 10 

similar agreement between the Executive and the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 (h) Good Reason means (i) a material diminution in the Executive s position as of the Effective Date (ii) the assignment to the Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with and that constitute a material adverse change to the Executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting requirements or structure, as of the Effective Date, including ceasing being a direct report of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (iii) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within fifteen (15) days after a merger, consolidation, sale, or similar transaction or (iv) the Executive s mandatory relocation to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from Executive s principal office location in the Columbus, Ohio area on the Effective Date. Good Reason shall not include acts taken by the Company by reason of the Executive s physical or mental infirmity which impairs the Executive s ability to substantially perform their duties. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any assertion by the Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (x) the Executive has provided a Notice of Termination to the Company indicating the existence of the condition(s) providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such condition becoming known (or should have become known) to them (y) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice and (x) the Executive terminates employment immediately following the expiration of such thirty-day (30) period. 
 (i) IC Plan means the incentive compensation plan of the Company in which the Executive participates as of the Termination Date. 
 (j) Notice of Termination means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if applicable, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for the Executive s Termination under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Termination Date is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Termination Date. 
 (k) Protection Period means, (i) the period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 (l) Qualifying Termination means the Executive s Termination either (i) by the Company without Cause or (ii) by the Executive for Good Reason. 
 (m) Subject Conduct means sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing or a violation of any policy of the Company relating to sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing. 
 (n) Termination means the Executive s termination of employment with the Company, for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service as defined and applied under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (o) Total Disability means total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan as in effect from time to time. 
 (p) Variable Compensation means any cash-based performance or incentive award paid by or any equity or equity-based compensation awarded by the Company, including, but not limited to, under the 2020 Stock Plan (and any successor thereto) and the IC Plan. 
 11 

Signature Page Follows 
 
 12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the Executive has executed this Agreement as of the date(s) set forth below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 MICHAEL C. WU DATE 
 
 s Michael Wu 5 12 2022 

BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. DATE 
 
 By s Sarah E. Nash 5 13 2022 
 
 Title Executive Chair and Interim 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Executive Severance Agreement 
 13 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 14
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1032.htm
 EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND MICHAEL WU

Document 
 Exhibit 10.32 

 EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT 
 THIS EXECUTIVE RETENTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made and entered into as of May 13, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc. and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the Company and Michael C. Wu Executive (hereinafter referred to as the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, the Company s current Chief Executive Officer will be leaving the Company in May, 2022, and the Company is currently in the process of identifying a new permanent Chief Executive Officer 
 WHEREAS, the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Committee recognizes that this is a time of uncertainty and transition for the Company, and that retention of key members of management during the transition to a new permanent Chief Executive Officer is key to the continuing success of the Company s business and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee further recognizes that appropriate steps have to be taken to reinforce and encourage the continued attention and dedication of key members of management to their assigned duties without distraction in the face of this uncertainty. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth below, the sufficiency of which is acknowledged, the Company and Executive mutually agree as follows 
 1. Retention Bonus . 
 (a) Retention Bonus . Executive will be eligible to a earn a special cash retention bonus in the aggregate amount of 1,087,500 (the Retention Bonus ). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the earned Retention Bonus (if any) will be paid as follows 
 (i) 435,000 of the Retention Bonus will be paid in a lump sum on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date which immediately follows the Effective Date (the First Retention Bonus Payment 
 (ii) 326,250 of the Retention Bonus will be paid in a lump sum on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date in January 2023 (the Second Retention Bonus Payment and 
 (iii) 326,250 of the Retention Bonus will be paid in a lump sum on the Company s first regularly scheduled payroll date in May 2023 (the Third Retention Bonus Payment ). 
 Except as otherwise provided for in Section 1(b) of this Agreement, in order for Executive to earn each of the First Retention Bonus Payment, Second Retention Bonus Payment and Third Retention Bonus Payment, Executive must remain continuously employed by the Company through and including each corresponding payment date set forth above, each such date is referred to herein individually and or collectively, as applicable, as the Retention Date . 
 (b) Termination of Employment Without Cause, for Good Reason or Due to Death or Disability . Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 1(a) of this Agreement, if Executive s Termination Date occurs prior to a Retention Date (i) as a result of termination by the Company without Cause, (ii) by Executive for Good Reason, (iii) due to the death of 

Executive or (iv) due to Executive s Total Disability, and, in any such case, if the Release Requirements required by Section 4 are satisfied, then any remaining unpaid Retention Bonus amount(s) will be paid to Executive according to the schedule set forth in Section 1(a) of this Agreement and Executive s employment shall be deemed to have continued for purposes of this determination. For clarity, if Executive s employment is terminated by the Company without Cause after the First Retention Bonus Payment has been paid but before the payment of the Second Retention Bonus Payment or the Third Retention Bonus Payment, Executive will be paid the Second Retention Bonus Payment and the Third Retention Bonus Payment according to the schedule set forth in Section 1(a) of this Agreement (but in no event later than March 15 th of the year immediately following the year of the applicable payment date) and Executive s employment shall be deemed to have continued for purposes of this determination. 
 (c) Other Terminations of Employment . 
 (i)Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if Executive s Termination Date occurs prior to any Retention Date for any reason other than as described in Section 1(b) of this Agreement (including as a result of voluntary resignation by Executive (other than for Good Reason) or termination by the Company for Cause), Executive shall not be entitled to any unpaid Retention Payment with respect to such Retention Date and any subsequent Retention Date pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if Executive s Termination Date occurs prior to the Third Retention Bonus Payment date due to any reason other than by the Company without Cause, by Executive for Good Reason or due to Executive s death or Total Disability, then Executive shall promptly (but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the Termination Date) repay (in immediately available funds) to the Company all Retention Payments received by Executive, net of the applicable tax withholdings and deductions, on or prior to such Termination Date. 
 (iii) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, to the extent that Executive experiences a Termination for any reason while a Company-led internal investigation into facts that could reasonably give rise to Executive s Termination for Cause is pending (A) Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits under this Agreement or any other agreement or severance plan, policy or program of the Company and (B) Executive shall not be entitled to vest in or receive any Variable Compensation, in either case, unless and until the Company concludes its investigation with a finding that grounds for a Termination for Cause did not in fact exist, and only to the extent provided for under the terms of the applicable agreement, plan, policy or program. 
 2. Performance Share Units Grant . 
 As of the Effective Date, subject to all required approvals, Executive shall receive a grant of 22,765 Performance Share Units under, and subject to the terms of, the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Retention PSU Award ). 
 3. Waiver of Noncompete and Certain Other Agreements . 
 The provisions set forth below in Sections 3(a), (b), (c) and (d) shall only apply if Executive s Termination Date occurs prior to any Retention Date (w) as a result of a termination by the Company without Cause, or (x) by Executive for Good Reason, and the Release Requirements are satisfied. In addition, the provisions set forth below in Sections 3(b) and (c) shall apply if Executive s Termination Date occurs prior to any Retention Date (y) as a result of Executive s death, or (z) due to Executive s Total Disability. 
 2 

(a) Restrictive Covenants . If Executive is a party to a Confidentiality, Non-Competition and Intellectual Property Agreement or other similar written agreement with the Company (individually and or collectively, as applicable, the Restrictive Covenants Agreement ), the Company agrees that it will fully and irrevocably waive any and all restrictions under the Restrictive Covenants Agreement which prohibit Executive from directly or indirectly working for or contributing to the efforts of any business organization that competes in the United States, or plans to compete in the United States, with the Company or its products. For clarity, the waiver set forth in the immediately preceding sentence shall not apply to the covenants under the Restrictive Covenants Agreement applicable to the protection of confidential information and intellectual property, or which prohibit Executive from soliciting employees of the Company. 
 (b) Bonuses . If Executive is required to reimburse to the Company any bonus, including any signing bonus, previously paid to Executive pursuant to any agreement(s) or policy other than this Agreement, the Company will fully and irrevocably waive any such reimbursement requirement. 
 (c) Relocation Expense Reimbursements . If Executive is required to (i) reimburse any relocation expense reimbursements or allowances to the Company pursuant to any agreement(s) or policy and or (ii) finalize Executive s relocation to Columbus, Ohio, the Company will fully and irrevocably waive any such reimbursement and relocation requirements. 
 (d) Recruiting Placement Firms . If Executive desires, in Executive s sole discretion, to work with any recruiting or placement firm in connection with the search for, and securing of, a position with another employer, and such firm is subject to any agreements or other understandings with the Company that would otherwise restrict such firm from working with Executive, the Company will fully and irrevocably waive any such restrictions. Further, the Company will, at its sole cost and expense, take all reasonable actions, including providing any written notices, consents, amendments to agreements or entering into new agreements as any such firm may reasonably require to fully implement the waiver provided in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 4. Release Requirement . 
 Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall not make or provide the Retention Bonus or accelerate the vesting of the Retention PSU Award, or waive any of its rights as set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement following Executive s Termination (other than as a result of Executive s death or Total Disability) unless Executive timely executes and delivers to the Company the Release and such Release becomes effective and irrevocable within sixty (60) days following Executive s Termination Date (the Release Requirements ). If the Release Requirements are not satisfied by Executive, then no Retention Bonus or accelerated vesting of the Retention PSU Award or Company waivers shall be due to Executive pursuant to this Agreement following Executive s Termination. 
 5. Effect on Other Plans, Agreements and Benefits . 
 (a) Any severance benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement will be in addition to and not in lieu of any severance benefits to which Executive would otherwise be entitled under the Executive Severance Agreement. 
 (b) Any severance benefits payable to Executive under this Agreement will not be counted as compensation for purposes of determining benefits under any other benefit policies or plans of the Company, except to the extent expressly provided therein. 
 3 

(c) Executive s entitlement to any other benefits not expressly referenced herein shall be determined in accordance with the applicable employee benefit plans then in effect. 
 (d) Executive expressly agrees that any amounts Executive may owe to the Company as of the Termination Date may be deducted from the amounts that the Company would otherwise owe to Executive under this Agreement, subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, then all Variable Compensation shall be immediately canceled for no consideration. If Executive incurs a Termination for Cause, or the Company becomes aware (after Executive s Termination) of conduct on the part of Executive that would have been grounds for a Termination for Cause, then the Company retains the right to require Executive to deliver to the Company, immediately upon request, the Variable Compensation (in shares and or cash) granted on or after the Effective Date and paid or delivered to Executive within the three (3) year prior to the Termination Date. 
 6. Section 280G of the Code . 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is a disqualified individual (as defined in Section 280G(c) of the Code), and the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement, together with any other payments and benefits which Executive has the right to receive from the Company or any other person, would constitute a parachute payment (as defined in Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code), then the payments and benefits provided for in this Agreement will be either (a) reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such total amounts and benefits received by Executive from the Company and or such person(s) will be 1.00 less than three (3) times Executive s base amount (as defined in Section 280G(b)(3) of the Code) and so that no portion of such amounts and benefits received by Executive will be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code or (b) paid in full, whichever produces the better net after-tax position to Executive (taking into account any applicable excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code and any other applicable taxes). 
 (b) The reduction of payments and benefits hereunder, if applicable, will be made by reducing, first, payments or benefits to be paid in cash hereunder in the order in which such payment or benefit would be paid or provided (beginning with such payment or benefit that would be made last in time and continuing, to the extent necessary, through to such payment or benefit that would be made first in time) and, then, reducing any benefit to be provided in-kind hereunder in a similar order. 
 (c) The determination as to whether any such reduction in the amount of the payments and benefits provided hereunder is necessary will be made applying principles, assumptions and procedures consistent with Section 280G of the Code by an accounting firm or law firm of national reputation that is selected for this purpose by the Company in its sole discretion (the 280G Firm ). In order to assess whether payments under this Agreement or otherwise qualify as reasonable compensation that is exempt from being a parachute payment under Section 280G of the Code, the 280G Firm or the Company may retain the services of an independent valuation expert. 
 (d) If a reduced payment or benefit is made or provided and through error or otherwise that payment or benefit, when aggregated with other payments and benefits from the Company used in determining if a parachute payment exists, exceeds 1.00 less than three (3) times Executive s base amount, then Executive must immediately repay such excess to the Company upon notification that an overpayment has been made. Nothing in this Section 6 will 
 4 

require the Company to be responsible for, or have any liability or obligation with respect to, Executive s excise tax liabilities under Section 4999 of the Code. 
 7. Code Section 409A . 
 This Agreement is intended to either avoid the application of, or comply with, Section 409A of the Code. To that end, this Agreement shall at all times be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, the Company shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to adopt such amendments to this Agreement or take such other actions (including amendments and actions with retroactive effect) as it determines is necessary or appropriate for this Agreement to comply with Section 409A of the Code. Further 
 (a) Any payment following a separation from service that would be subject to Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Code as a distribution following a separation from service of a specified employee (as defined under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) shall be made on the first to occur of (i) ten (10) days after the expiration of the six (6)-month period following such separation from service, (ii) death, or (iii) such earlier date that complies with Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Each payment that Executive may receive under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (d) Payments under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible, whether pursuant to the short-term deferral exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the involuntary separation pay plan exception described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii), or otherwise. Any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement may be accelerated in time or schedule by the Company, in its sole discretion, to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in no event, shall the Company be liable for any tax, interest or penalty imposed on Executive under Section 409A of the Code or any damages for failing to comply with Section 409A of the Code. 
 8. Arbitration and Class and Representative Action Waiver. 
 (a) The Parties agree that, subject to Section 8(b), any controversy or claim between the Company and Executive arising out of or relating to this Agreement or its termination shall be settled and determined by a single arbitrator whose award shall be accepted as final and binding upon the parties. If Executive initiates arbitration, Executive will be responsible for paying one-half of the filing fee. Each Party will be responsible for their own attorney s fees. The Parties shall jointly select an arbitrator from JAMS, Inc. JAMS or the American Arbitration Association AAA with at least ten (10) years of experience in employment disputes. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis by the AAA or JAMS and administered under their Employment Arbitration Rules, which are currently available at http www.adr.org and http www.jamsadr.com, respectively. The arbitrator shall have the authority to allow for appropriate discovery and exchange of information before a hearing, including, but not limited to, production of documents, information requests, depositions and subpoenas. Unless the arbitrator determines additional discovery is necessary to adequately arbitrate Executive s claims, discovery shall be conducted in accordance with the then-current version of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. Those rules can be found at https www.law.cornell.edu rules frcp. The arbitration shall take place in Columbus, Ohio. Notwithstanding the AAA or JAMS rules, all parties to the arbitration shall have the right to file a dispositive motion and shall 
 5 

not be required to seek permission from the arbitrator to do so. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact and shall include the assessment of costs, expenses, and reasonable attorneys fees. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. 
 (b) This Arbitration provision does not include 
 (i) Any claim arising under or related to the Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement 
 (ii) A claim for workers compensation benefits 
 (iii) A claim for unemployment compensation benefits 
 (iv) A claim based upon the Company s current (successor or future) employee benefits and or welfare plans that contain an appeal procedure or other procedure for the resolution of disputes under this Agreement and 
 (v) A claim of sexual harassment, including hostile work environment, sexual assault (defined as actual or threatened unwelcomed touching of a sexual nature), gender discrimination, and retaliation related to same. 
 (c) This Agreement also does not prevent Executive from filing a claim or charge with a federal, state or local administrative agency, such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, or similar state or local agencies. 
 (d) This Agreement does not prohibit those limited circumstances under which either Party finds it necessary to seek emergency or temporary injunctive relief, such as a preliminary injunction or a temporary restraining order, from a court that may be necessary to protect any rights or property of either Party pending the establishment of the arbitral tribunal or its determination of the merits of the dispute. 
 (e) CLASS ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a class action or collective action Class Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN THE PARTIES THAT ARISE, OR HAVE ARISEN, OUT OF EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT OR THE TERMINATION OF EXECUTIVE S EMPLOYMENT SHALL PROCEED IN ARBITRATION SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (f) REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WAIVER . To the extent permissible by law, there shall be no right or authority for any dispute to be arbitrated as a representative action or as a private attorney general action, including but not limited to claims brought pursuant to the Private Attorney General Act of 2004, Cal. Lab. Code 2698, et seq. Representative Action Waiver ). THIS MEANS THAT, TO THE EXTENT CONSISTENT WITH APPLICABLE LAW, EXECUTIVE MAY NOT SEEK RELIEF ON BEHALF OF OTHERS IN ARBITRATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SIMILARLY AGGRIEVED EMPLOYEES. THE ARBITRATOR S AUTHORITY TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE AND 
 6 

TO MAKE WRITTEN AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO EXECUTIVE S INDIVIDUAL CLAIMS. 
 (g) The Parties agree that only a court of competent jurisdiction may interpret this Section 8 and resolve challenges to its validity and enforceability, including but not limited to the validity, enforceability and interpretation of the Class Action Waiver and Representative Action Waiver. The arbitrator shall have no jurisdiction or power to make such determinations. The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, shall govern the interpretation and enforcement of the duty to arbitrate found in this Section 8 and all arbitration proceedings under this Agreement. 
 (h) Any conflict between the rules and procedures set forth in either the JAMS or AAA rules and those set forth in this Agreement shall be resolved in favor of those in this Agreement. 
 (i) The burden of proof at an arbitration shall at all times be on the Party seeking relief. 
 (j) In reaching a decision, the arbitrator shall apply the governing substantive law applicable to the claims, causes of action and defenses asserted by the Parties, as applicable in Ohio. The arbitrator shall have the power to award all remedies that could be awarded by a court or administrative agency in accordance with the governing and applicable substantive law, including, without limitation, Title VII, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, and the Family and Medical Leave Act. 
 (k) The aggrieved Party must give written notice of any claim to the other Party as soon as possible after the aggrieved Party first knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the claim. The written notice shall describe the nature of all claims asserted, the facts upon which those claims are based, and shall set forth the aggrieved Party s intention to pursue arbitration. The notice shall be mailed to the other Party by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. 
 9. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 (a) Governing Law . Unless otherwise noted in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. 
 (b) Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without Executive s consent to (i) an affiliate of the Company, or (ii) in the event that the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into, any other entity or person, or transfer all or substantially all of its properties, stock, or assets to any other entity or person, to the acquirer or resulting entity in such transaction. This Agreement will be binding upon any successor of the Company (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise), in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Agreement if no succession had taken place. Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by Executive, Executive s beneficiaries or legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s legal personal representative. 
 (c) At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not alter the status of Executive as an at-will employee of the Company. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to give Executive the right to remain employed by the Company or to interfere with the rights of the Company to terminate the employment of Executive at any time, with or without Cause. 
 7 

(d) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed modified, amended and narrowed to the extent necessary to render such provision legal, valid and enforceable, and the other remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected but shall remain in full force and effect. If a court of competent jurisdiction finds the Class Action Waiver and or Representative Action Waiver in Section 8 is unenforceable for any reason, then the unenforceable waiver provision shall be severable from this Agreement, and any claims covered by any deemed unenforceable waiver provision may only be litigated in a court of competent jurisdiction, but the remainder of the Agreement shall be binding and enforceable. 
 (e) Withholding . The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation. 
 (f) Amendment . Except as provided in Section 7 of the Agreement, no provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such modification, waiver, or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and the Company. 
 (g) Unfunded Obligations . The amounts to be paid to Executive under this Agreement are unfunded obligations of the Company. The Company is not required to segregate any monies or other assets from its general funds with respect to these obligations. Executive shall not have any preference or security interest in any assets of the Company other than as a general unsecured creditor. 
 (h) Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement (including the Notice of Termination and a notice of a claim for which a Party seeks arbitration) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or upon receipt if overnight delivery service or facsimile is used, addressed as follows 
 To Executive 
 At the most recent address contained in the Company s personnel files. 
 
 To the Company 
 Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 Three Limited Parkway, 
 Columbus, Ohio 43230 
 Attn Chief Legal Officer 
 (i) Execution in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original as against any party whose signature appears thereon, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one or more counterparts hereof, individually or taken together, shall bear the signatures of the Parties reflected hereon as the signatories. 
 10. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings set forth in this Section 10 
 (a) Cause means, as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, that Executive (i) was grossly negligent in the performance of Executive s duties with the Company (other than a failure resulting from Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness) (ii) 
 8 

has pled guilty or no contest to, or has been convicted of, an act which is defined as a felony under federal or state law (iii) engaged in misconduct in bad faith that could reasonably be expected to materially harm the Company s business or its reputation or (iv) commits or engages in Subject Conduct. In the event of any of the conditions described above, the Company shall provide Executive a Notice of Termination stating the grounds for immediate termination. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive experiences a Termination other than by the Company for Cause, the Company shall have the sole discretion to later use after-acquired evidence to retroactively re-characterize the prior Termination as a Termination for Cause if such after-acquired evidence supports such an action. 
 (b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 (c) Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement means the written Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement or other similar agreement between Executive and the Company as may be in effect from time to time. 
 (d) Executive Severance Agreement means the Executive Severance Agreement between the Company and Executive dated May 13, 2022, the terms of which are incorporated by reference as set forth herein. 
 (e) Good Reason means (i) a material diminution in Executive s position as of the Effective Date (ii) the assignment to Executive of any duties materially inconsistent with and that constitute a material adverse change to Executive s duties, authority, responsibilities or reporting requirements or structure as of the Effective Date, including ceasing being a direct report of the Company s Chief Executive Officer (iii) the failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligation to perform this Agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the assets of the Company within fifteen (15) days after a merger, consolidation, sale, or similar transaction or (iv) Executive s mandatory relocation to an office location more than fifty (50) miles from Executive s principal office location in the Columbus, Ohio area on the Effective Date. Good Reason shall not include acts taken by the Company by reason of Executive s physical or mental infirmity which impairs the Executive s ability to substantially perform Executive s duties. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (x) Executive has provided a Notice of Termination to the Company indicating the existence of the condition(s) providing grounds for termination for Good Reason within sixty (60) days of the initial existence of such condition becoming known (or should have become known) to them (y) the condition(s) specified in such notice must remain uncorrected by the Company for thirty (30) days following the Company s receipt of such written notice and (z) Executive terminates employment immediately following the expiration of such thirty (30)-day period. 
 (f) Notice of Termination means a written notice that (i) indicates the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, if applicable, (ii) to the extent applicable, sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for Executive s Termination under the provision so indicated, and (iii) if the Termination Date is other than the date of receipt of such notice, specifies the Termination Date. 
 (g) Release means a release of claims in favor of the Company and its officers and directors in a form provided by the Company to Executive. 
 (h) Subject Conduct means sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing or a violation of any policy of the Company relating to sexual harassment (including creation of a hostile work environment), gender discrimination and retaliation related to the foregoing. 
 9 

(i) Termination means Executive s termination of employment with the Company, for any reason, whether voluntary or involuntary, provided that such termination constitutes a separation from service as defined and applied under Section 409A of the Code. 
 (j) Termination Date means the date on which Executive s employment with the Company terminates and shall be the earliest of the following dates (i) sixty (60) days after Executive provides a Notice of Termination of their resignation for any reason other than for Good Reason (ii) thirty (30) days following Executive providing a Notice of Termination indicating the existence of a condition(s) constituting Good Reason other than to the extent that such condition is cured (iii) immediately upon Executive s Total Disability or death (iv) thirty (30) days after Executive receives Notice of Termination from the Company of Executive s Termination without Cause or (v) the date set forth in the Notice of Termination from the Company of Executive s termination of employment with the Company for Cause. 
 (k) Total Disability means total disability as defined in the Company s long-term disability plan as in effect from time to time. 
 (l) Variable Compensation means any cash-based performance or incentive award paid by or any equity or equity-based compensation awarded by the Company, including, but not limited to, under the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan (and any successor thereto) and the incentive compensation plan of the Company in which Executive participates as of the Termination Date. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 10 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer and the Executive has executed this Agreement as of the date(s) set forth below to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 MICHAEL C. WU DATE 
 
 s Michael Wu 5 12 2022 

BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. DATE 
 
 By s Sarah E. Nash 5 13 2022 
 
 Title Executive Chair and Interim 
 Chief Executive Officer 

11 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of PSU Award Agreement 
 See attached. 

2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan 
 Performance Share Unit Award Agreement 
 (2022 Retention Award) 
 
 ###PARTICIPANT_NAME### 
 ###TOTAL_AWARDS### Performance Share Units at Target 
 
 By accepting this Performance Share Unit award, the Participant agrees to the following terms and conditions and the terms of the Company s 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan (the Plan ). Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 (1) GRANT . 
 a. Effective as of May , 2022 (the Grant Date ), the Company hereby grants to the Participant a target award of a number of Performance Share Units as set forth above Target Award ), with the actual number of Performance Share Units to be determined based on the satisfaction of the vesting conditions set forth in Section 2. 
 
 b. The Participant will be eligible to receive up to the following number of shares of Common Stock upon satisfaction of the performance conditions set forth in Section 2(b) 
 
 1. Threshold 50 of Target Award 
 2. Target 100 of Target Award 
 3. Maximum 150 of Target Award. 
 
 c. If the threshold level of performance is not achieved, the Participant will not receive any shares of Common Stock under this Agreement. 
 
 (2) VESTING. 
 a. Subject to the achievement of the applicable performance requirements as set forth in Section 2(b) and the other requirements of this Agreement, Performance Share Units will vest in full on May , 2024 (the Vesting Date and the period from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date, the Restricted Period provided that the Participant continues to be employed through such Vesting Date. 
 
 b. The performance period for the Performance Share Units shall be January 30, 2022 through February 3, 2024 (the Performance Period ). The performance requirement applicable to the Performance Share Units shall be based on satisfaction of the following metrics, each measured equally based on the performance of Bath & Body Works, Inc. BBW during the Performance Period 
 
 1. 2 Year Revenue Growth CAGR relative to the Peer Group and 
 2. 2 Year Operating Income Rate. 
 
 Revenue Growth CAGR relative to the Peer Group means the compounded annual growth rate of net sales during the Performance Period for BBW and the Peer Group companies. 
 
 Operating Income Rate means the cumulative sum of Operating Income of BBW divided by the cumulative sum of Revenue for the Performance Period. 
 
 Performance will be evaluated based on a scale, and payout will be interpolated between the following threshold, target and maximum performance levels 
 
 Payout Percentage 2 Year Revenue Growth CAGR Relative to Peer Group 2 Year Operating Income Rate Threshold 50 30 th Percentile 
 16 Target 100 50 th Percentile 
 20 Maximum 150 90 th Percentile 
 24 
 Both the 2 Year Revenue Growth CAGR relative to Peer Group and the 2 Year Operating Income Rate measures 

set forth above for the threshold, target or maximum level must be achieved to trigger any Payout Percentage indicated for the threshold, target or maximum level, respectively. 
 
 The Peer Group shall include 
 
 Peer Group Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Ralph Lauren Corporation American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. Revlon, Inc. Big Lots, Inc. Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. Burlington Stores, Inc. The Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. Coty Inc. The Gap, Inc. Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. Tractor Supply Company Foot Locker, Inc. Ulta Beauty, Inc. lululemon athletica inc. Victoria's Secret & Co. Newell Brands, Inc. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. 
 
 The number of shares of Common Stock earned in respect of the Performance Share Units shall equal the applicable Payout Percentage above multiplied by the target number of Performance Share Units set forth in Section 1. 
 
 c. Revenue and Operating Income for BBW shall be as reflected in BBW s annual audited financial statements for each fiscal year of the Performance Period and shall be compared to comparable measures for the Peer Group companies, in each case adjusted by the Committee for the following items 
 i. all items for the Performance Period determined to be extraordinary or unusual in nature or infrequent in occurrence 
 ii. all items related to a change in accounting principles, as defined by generally accepted accounting principles and as identified in BBW s audited financial statements, notes to such financial statements, in management s discussion and analysis or any other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 iii. all items for the Performance Period related to discontinued operations as defined under current generally accepted accounting principles 
 iv. any revenue, profit or loss attributable to the business operations of any entity acquired or divested by BBW during the Performance Period and 
 v. impacts from unanticipated changes in legal or tax structure or unanticipated changes in applicable tax law. 
 d. The Committee shall have full discretion in making all determinations relating to the measurement of performance of BBW, performance of the Peer Group companies and the comparison of these measures in determining the percentile BBW performance, including determining comparable measures and adjustments of net sales and operating income for the Peer Group, adjusting the measures for the Peer Group company fiscal periods that do not align with the fiscal periods of BBW, treatment of changes in the Peer Group (e.g., due to mergers, acquisitions, dispositions or restructurings), rounding of applicable percentages and percentiles and any other questions or issues relating to the performance measures applicable with respect to the Performance Share Units. 
 (3) RESTRICTIONS . None of the Performance Share Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the Restricted Period or prior to the satisfaction of all conditions specified in this Agreement. 
 
 (3) RECORDING OF AWARD . The Company shall cause the Performance Share Unit award to be appropriately recorded as of the Grant Date. 
 
 (4) RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANT . Prior to settlement and receipt of the underlying shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall not have the right to vote the Performance Share Units or to receive dividends with respect thereto. 
 
 (5) FORFEITURES . 
 
 (a) Except as noted in this Section (5) and in Section (7), Performance Share Units granted to the Participant pursuant to this Agreement shall be forfeited if (i) the Participant's employment with the Company or its subsidiaries terminates for any reason prior to the Vesting Date or (ii) the performance conditions set forth in Section 2 are not satisfied. Termination of employment shall mean a separation from service as such term is defined in Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations thereunder. Upon such forfeiture, the Performance Share Unit award or portion thereof shall be cancelled. 
 
 (b) Subject to the conditions outlined below, upon the Participant s involuntary termination of employment by the Company or its subsidiaries, or upon termination of the Participant s employment by the Participant for Good Reason (this provision shall only be applicable if Good Reason is defined in a written employment agreement between the Participant and the Company), prior to the Vesting Date, the provision of services conditions applicable to the 
 2 

Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have been satisfied as of such termination date, provided that the Participant s right to settlement of the Performance Share Units shall remain subject to the achievement of the performance conditions set forth in Section 2 at the end of the Performance Period. Such special vesting shall be effective as of the Vesting Date, subject to each of the following conditions 
 
 (i) Involuntary termination of employment by the Company or its subsidiaries must be other than for (x) Cause or (y) misconduct (each as determined by the Committee or its designees in their sole discretion) 
 (ii) The Participant must execute a release of claims against the Company and its subsidiaries in a form specified by the Company, as prescribed in Section (6)(a) and 
 (iii) The Participant must comply with all obligations under the Participant s written Confidentiality, Noncompetition and Intellectual Property Agreement and or any other similar agreement with the Company. 
 
 (c) If the Participant s employment terminates as a result of Total Disability (as defined in the Company s Long-Term Disability Plan) prior to the Vesting Date, the provision of services conditions applicable to the Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have been satisfied as of such date, provided that the Participant s right to settlement of the Performance Share Units shall remain subject to the achievement of the performance conditions set forth in Section 2 at the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 (d) If the Participant dies during such period of the Participant s Total Disability or the Participant's employment terminates as a result of his or her death prior to the Vesting Date, the provision of services conditions applicable to the Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have been satisfied as of the date of death, provided, in each case, that the Participant s right to settlement of the Performance Share Units shall remain subject to the achievement of the performance conditions set forth in Section 2 at the end of the Performance Period. 
 
 (6) SETTLEMENT OF PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS . 
 
 (a) Upon the expiration or termination of the Restricted Period and the satisfaction of all other conditions prescribed by the Committee with respect to the Performance Share Units, including the performance conditions in Section 2, a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the target number of Performance Share Units times the Payout Percentage shall be delivered, free of all such restrictions, to the Participant or the Participant's beneficiary or estate, as the case may be. Such payment in settlement shall be made promptly, but in any event not later than the end of the calendar year in which the Performance Period ends, or if later, the 15 th day of the third calendar month following the date on which the Restricted Period ended provided, that the award holder will not be permitted, directly or indirectly, to designate the taxable year of settlement. The Participant (or his or her beneficiary or estate, if applicable) may be required to execute a release of claims against the Company and its subsidiaries in order to receive a settlement payment and shall be required to execute a release to receive the vesting and settlement prescribed in Section (5)(b). If the consideration and revocation period of a release required by Section (5)(b) begins in one calendar year and ends in a second calendar year, settlement of the Performance Share Units will be made in the second calendar year. 
 
 (b) If the Participant is a specified employee, as that term is defined in Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations thereunder, and the Participant is scheduled to receive payment(s) in connection with his or her termination of employment on a date determinable based on the date of termination of employment and not a pre-determined fixed date or schedule, then, except in the event of termination of employment as a result of the Participant s death or the Participant s death after such termination of employment, such payment(s) shall, notwithstanding anything else herein, be delayed until the date that is six months after the date of the specified employee s termination of employment to the extent (but only to the extent) such a delay is required to avoid additional tax under Code Section 409A. 
 
 (c) Although the Company does not guarantee any particular tax treatment relating to the Performance Share Units, it is intended that such Performance Share Units be exempt from, or comply with, Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations thereunder and this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with such intent. 
 
 (7) EFFECT OF CHANGE IN CONTROL . In the event of a Change in Control, unless determined otherwise by the Committee prior to the Change in Control (A) if less than one-third of the Performance Period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, the Payout Percentage shall be fixed at the time of the Change in Control based on target performance and (B) if more than one-third of the Performance Period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, the Payout Percentage shall be fixed at the time of the Change in Control based on maximum performance unless the Committee determines prior to the Change in Control, in its discretion, that actual projected performance can be reasonably predicted, in which case the Committee may provide the Payout Percentage shall be based on such predicted performance as determined by the Committee prior to the Change in Control. From and after the Change in Control, the Performance Share Units (as fixed based on the forgoing) shall be subject solely to the continued service of the Participant until the Vesting Date, subject to Section (5) above or, if applicable, the following provisions of this Section (7). Upon a termination of the Participant s employment (x) by the Company or its subsidiaries other than for Cause or (y) by the Participant for Good Reason (this provision shall only be applicable if Good Reason is defined in a written employment agreement between the Participant and the Company), in each case within a protection period beginning three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending twenty four (24) months following a Change in Control, and provided that the Change in Control is a change in control event as defined in Code Section 409A and the Treasury regulations thereunder (A) any service conditions applicable to the Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have been satisfied and (B) the Restricted Period shall be deemed to have expired and the Performance Share Units shall be settled promptly following the Participant s termination of employment. Performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at target levels if less than one-third of the applicable performance period has elapsed as of the date of the Change in Control, otherwise performance goals will be deemed to be achieved at maximum levels. If the transaction agreement relating to the Change in Control expressly provides for treatment of the Performance Share Units that is more favorable to the Participant than the treatment prescribed above, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, then the provisions of the transaction agreement shall control. 
 
 (8) TAX WITHHOLDING . The Company shall have the right to require the Participant or the Participant's beneficiaries or legal representatives to remit to the Company an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state or local withholding tax requirements, or to deduct from distributions under the Plan amounts sufficient to satisfy such withholding tax requirements. 
 
 3 

(9) MISCELLANEOUS . 
 
 (a) No Right to Employment . This Agreement shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any subsidiary or to be entitled to any remuneration or benefits not set forth in this Agreement or the Plan nor interfere with or limit the right of the Company or any subsidiary to modify the terms of or terminate the Participant's employment at any time. 
 
 (b) Clawback . Subject to restrictions set forth in the Plan, if required by law or if the Participant engaged, had knowledge of, or should have had knowledge of, fraudulent conduct or activities relating to the Company, the Company may terminate this Agreement and require the Participant to reimburse to the Company (i) an amount required by law or (ii) the amount of compensation received pursuant to this Agreement and based on the aforementioned conduct. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any other agreement to the contrary, if the Participant incurs a termination of employment for Cause, then this Agreement shall be immediately canceled for no consideration. If the Participant incurs a termination of employment for Cause, or the Company becomes aware (after the Participant s termination of employment) of conduct on the part of the Participant that would have been grounds for a termination of employment for Cause, then the Company retains the right to require the Participant to deliver to the Company, immediately upon request, the compensation (in shares and or cash) granted pursuant to this Agreement and paid or delivered to the Executive within the three (3) years prior to the Termination Date, including the profit the Participant realized upon the exercise of stock options, if any. 
 
 (c) Notice . Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement must be given electronically or by regular U.S. mail addressed, if to the Committee or the Company, at the principal office of the Company and, if to the Participant, at the Participant's last known address as set forth in the books and records of the Company. 
 
 (d) Plan to Govern . This Agreement and the rights of the Participant hereunder are subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time, as well as to such rules and regulations as the Committee may adopt for the administration of the Plan. 
 
 (e) Amendment . Subject to restrictions set forth in the Plan, the Company may from time to time suspend, modify or amend this Agreement. No suspension, modification or amendment of this Agreement may, without the consent of the Participant, adversely affect the rights of the Participant with respect to the Performance Share Units granted pursuant to this Agreement, except to the extent any such action is undertaken to cause this Agreement to comply with applicable law, stock market or exchange rules and regulations or accounting or tax rules and regulations. 
 
 (f) Severability . In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, such illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining provisions of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 
 
 (g) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Plan contain all of the understandings between the Company and the Participant concerning the Performance Share Units granted hereunder and supersede all prior agreements and understandings. 
 
 (h) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which when signed by the Company and the Participant will be an original and all of which together will be the same Agreement. 
 
 (i) Governing Law . To the extent not preempted by Federal law, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. 
 
 4 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-10.35>
 15
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1035.htm
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT

Document 
 Exhibit 10.35 

EXECUTION COPY 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 MASTER AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED MASTER AIRCRAFT TIME 
 SHARING AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into effective as of August 13, 2021 (the Effective Date by and among L Brands Service Company, LLC (f k a Limited Service Corporation and Limited Brands Service Company, LLC) Company ), and each of the individuals whose name appears on the signature page(s) hereto (each, a Lessee ). 
 WHEREAS , Company controls, holds a leasehold interest in, and operates that certain Aircraft identified in Schedule 1. 
 WHEREAS, Company employs, or contracts for the services of, a fully qualified flight crew to operate the Aircraft. 
 WHEREAS, each Lessee is a director, officer or high-ranking executive employee of Company or an Affiliate. 
 WHEREAS , Company has determined in accordance with Company s applicable policy, as may be in effect from time to time, that, incident to the employment or directorship relationship between the Lessees and Company or Company s Affiliates, it is to the benefit of Company to permit the use of the Aircraft by the Lessees for personal flight needs, to the extent consistent with the scheduling needs of the Company, for many of the same reasons that support use of the Aircraft by the Lessees for travel on Company-related business, including but not necessarily limited to enhancing security and privacy maintaining communication between Company and its directors, officers and high ranking executives permitting the Lessees in their capacity as directors, officers or high ranking executives to work on Company-related business while traveling by providing a convenient, private and confidential setting for the review of sensitive documents or the conduct of confidential discussions by telephone or in person and reducing travel-related stress, delay and fatigue that might otherwise reduce efficiency or delay the return to work and Company is therefore willing to lease the Aircraft, with flight crew, on a non-exclusive basis, to the Lessees on a time sharing basis as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the FAR (defined in Section 1.1 hereof). 
 WHEREAS, each of the Lessees desires from time to time to lease the Aircraft, with a flight crew, on a non-exclusive basis, from Company on a time sharing basis as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the FAR upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 WHEREAS, during the Term of this Agreement, the Aircraft will be subject to use by Company and or other one or more leases to third-parties. 
 WHEREAS , prior to the execution of this Agreement, each of the prior Lessees, except those whose names appear on the signature pages(s) hereto, has ceased to be a Lessee and Company has designated a different Aircraft for the purpose of this Agreement . 
 1 

WHEREAS , Company and the Lessees desire to restate the Amended and Restated Aircraft Master Time Sharing Agreement dated as of February 24, 2015, as amended, in its entirety. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , Company and each Lessee hereby agree as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS. 
 1.1 Specific Terms . As used in used in this Agreement, the following defined terms have the following meanings 
 (a) Affiliate means an entity that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, Company. The term control (including the terms controlling , controlled by and under common control with means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, through membership, by contract or otherwise. In addition, any entity (and its successors by way of change of organizational form) through which Company is pursuing a business venture will be deemed an Affiliate of Company so long as Company and or its Affiliates (as otherwise defined above) possess the power to elect not less than twenty-five percent (25 of the whole number of the board of directors of such entity or own not less than twenty-five percent (25 of the assets or equity of such entity. 
 (b) Agreement is defined in the preamble. 
 (c) Aircraft means the Aircraft identified in Schedule 1, including the Airframe, the Engines, and the Aircraft Documents. Such Engines shall be deemed part of the Aircraft whether or not from time to time attached to the Airframe or removed from the Aircraft. 
 (d) Aircraft Documents means, as to the Aircraft, all flight records, maintenance records, historical records, modification records, overhaul records, manuals, logbooks, authorizations, drawings and data relating to the Airframe, any Engine, or any Part, that are required by Applicable Law to be created or maintained with respect to the maintenance and or operation of the Aircraft. 
 (e) Airframe means the Airframe listed in Schedule 1 attached hereto and made a part hereof, as the same may be amended from time to time as set forth below, together with any and all Parts (including, but not limited to, landing gear and auxiliary power units but excluding Engines or engines) so long as such Parts shall be either incorporated or installed in or attached to the Airframe. 
 (f) Applicable Law means, without limitation, all applicable laws, treaties, international agreements, decisions and orders of any court, arbitration or governmental agency or authority and rules, regulations, orders, directives, licenses and permits of any governmental body, instrumentality, agency or 
 2 

authority, including, without limitation, the FAR and 49 U.S.C. 41101, et seq., as amended. 
 (g) Business Day means Monday through Friday, exclusive of legal holidays under the laws of the United States or the State of Ohio. 
 (h) Company is defined in the preamble. 
 
 (i) Effective Date is defined in the preamble. 
 (j) Engines means, as to each Airframe, the engines identified in Schedule 1 (or any replacement or loaner engines), as the same may be amended from time to time as set forth below, together with any and all Parts so long as the same shall be either incorporated or installed in or attached to such Engine. 
 (k) FAA means the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor agency. 
 (l) FAR means collectively the Aeronautics Regulations of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Department of Transportation, as codified at Title 14, Parts 1 to 399 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations. 
 (m) Flight shall mean, as applicable, a flight conducted under this Agreement, from a departure point to a single destination or a flight from a departure point to one destination and back to the same departure point. 
 (n) Flight Charges means the amount calculated under Section 4.1 below. 
 (o) Flight Hour means each Flight hour, calculated in tenths of an hour, of use of the Aircraft by a Lessee, as recorded on the Aircraft hour meter. 
 (p) Joinder means that certain joinder in the form of Exhibit A to be executed by each new Lessee. 
 (q) Lessee is defined in the preamble. Upon execution of Joinder, each person named in and signing the joinder or supplement will become an additional Time Sharing Lessee, effective as of the date shown therein as to that person. 
 (r) Operating Base means Port Columbus Airport, Columbus, Ohio. 
 (s) Operational Control has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 (t) Parts means, as to the Aircraft, all appliances, components, parts, instruments, appurtenances, accessories, furnishings or other equipment of whatever nature (other than complete Engines or engines) which may from time to time be incorporated or installed in or attached to the Airframe or any Engine and includes replacement parts. 
 (u) Pilot in Command has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 3 

(v) Taxes means all sales taxes, use taxes, retailer taxes, duties, fees, excise taxes, including, without limitation, federal transportation excise taxes, or other taxes of any kind which may be assessed or levied by any Taxing Jurisdiction as a result of the lease of the Aircraft to a Lessee, or the use of the Aircraft by a Lessee, or the provision of a taxable transportation service to a Lessee using the Aircraft. 
 (w) Taxing Jurisdictions means any federal, state, county, local, airport, district, foreign, or other governmental authority that imposes Taxes. 
 (x) Term means the term of this Agreement set forth in Section 3. 
 2. AGREEMENT TO LEASE. 
 2.1 Lease of Aircraft . Company agrees to lease the Aircraft to each Lessee on an as needed and as available basis, and to provide a fully qualified flight crew for all Flights of each Lessee, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Independent Agreements . The Lessees are listed in a single document for the sole purpose of convenience of Company. This Agreement constitutes a separate Time Sharing Agreement as between Company and each Lessee. Without limiting the preceding sentence 
 (a) Company may from time to time agree to add additional persons as a Lessee, without notice to the existing Lessees. Each such agreement will be evidenced by the Joinder, signed by the new Lessee(s), setting forth the new Lessee s notice address, the date as to which this Agreement becomes effective as to the new Lessee, and his or her commitment to be bound by this Agreement. 
 (b) The rights and obligations of each Lessee are independent of one another. Under no circumstances will any Lessee be deemed liable for any monetary or non-monetary obligations of any other Lessee hereunder, whether jointly, severally, or by way of suretyship or guaranty. 
 (c) Termination of this Agreement as to any one or more of the Lessees does not terminate this Agreement as to any other Lessee. 
 2.3 Intent and Interpretation . The parties hereto intend that this Agreement constitute, and this Agreement shall be interpreted as, a Time Sharing Agreement as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) of the FAR. 
 2.1 Non-Exclusivity . Each Lessee acknowledges that the Aircraft is leased to Lessees hereunder on a non-exclusive basis, and that the Aircraft will also be subject to use by Company and Company s Affiliates, and may also be subject to non-exclusive lease to others during the Term. 
 3. TERM AND TERMINATION. 
 3.1 Term . As to each Lessee and unless earlier terminated as set forth herein, the Term begins on the Effective Date, and ends on the December 31 next following provided, however, that as to any person added as a Lessee after the Effective Date pursuant to 
 4 

Section 2.2.(a) above, the Term will begin on the date specified in the Joinder adding the person as a Lessee. At the end of the initial Term or any subsequent Term, this Agreement will automatically be renewed for an additional one year Term. 

3.2 Termination . 
 (a) This Agreement terminates automatically as to any Lessee when that Lessee ceases to be an officer, director or employee of Company or of any Affiliate. 
 (b) Each Lessee may terminate this Agreement with or without cause on at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to Company, and Company may terminate this Agreement as to any one or more Lessees with or without cause on at least thirty (30) calendar days prior written notice to the subject Lessee or Lessees, without need in either case to notify any Lessee as to whom this Agreement is not being terminated. 
 4. PAYMENTS. 
 4.1 Flight Charges . Each Lessee shall pay Company for each Flight conducted for that Lessee under this Agreement an amount equal to that Lessee's pro rata share of the lesser of the amount calculated under Section 4.1(a) or Section 4.1(b) 
 (a) the product of the number of Flight Hours of the duration of the Flight, rounded to the nearest 1 10th of a Flight Hour, multiplied by the Total Direct Costs Per Flight Hour for the make and model of Aircraft as published by Conklin & de Decker Aviation Information, as updated from time to time, or 
 (b) the following listed actual expenses of each Flight, not to exceed the maximum amount legally payable for such Flight under FAR Section 91.501(d) 
 (i) fuel, oil, lubricants, and other additives 
 (ii) travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging and ground 
 transportation 
 (iii) hangar and tie down costs away from the Aircraft s base of operation 
 (iv) insurance obtained for the specific Flight 
 (v) landing fees, airport taxes and similar assessments 
 (vi) customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the Flight 
 (vii) in-flight food and beverages 
 (viii) passenger ground transportation 
 (ix) flight planning and weather contract services and 
 5 

(x) an additional charge equal to one hundred percent (100 of the expenses listed in subsection i) above. 
 
 5. INVOICES AND PAYMENT. 
 Company shall initially pay all expenses related to the operation of the Aircraft when and as such expenses are incurred for each applicable Flight, including all costs of repositioning the Aircraft to accommodate a Flight request, if permitted by Applicable Law. Within thirty (30) calendar days after the last day of any calendar quarter during which any Flight for the account of a Lessee has been conducted, Company shall provide an invoice to that Lessee for an amount determined in accordance with Section 4 above. Lessee shall remit the full amount of any such invoice, together with any applicable Taxes under Section 6, to Company within thirty (30) calendar days after the invoice date. 
 6. TAXES. 
 Lessee shall be responsible for paying, and Company shall be responsible for collecting from Lessee and paying over to the appropriate authorities, all applicable Taxes imposed by any Taxing Jurisdiction in connection with any use of the Aircraft by Lessee hereunder. Each party shall indemnify the other party against any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including attorney s fees as and when incurred) arising out of its breach of this undertaking. 
 7. SCHEDULING FLIGHTS. 
 7.1 Submitting Flight Requests . Each Lessee shall submit respective CEO CLO pre-approved requests for Flights and proposed Flight schedules to Company as far in advance of any given Flight as possible, and in any case, at least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of Lessee s planned departure. Requests for Flight time shall be made by the respective Lessee CEO Office and or Office of Compliance through a Company Aircraft request form and subject to mutually agreed upon Aircraft approval process, as may be in effect at such time. The use of the Aircraft will be in accordance with all Company policies and procedures including, but not limited to, the Code of Conduct and the Global Anti-Corruption Policy. Lessee shall provide Company at least the following information for each proposed Flight at least twenty-four (24) hours prior to scheduled departure (a) departure airport (b) destination airport (c) date and time of departure (d) the number and nationality of anticipated passengers (e) the nature and extent of luggage and or cargo to be carried (f) the date and time of return Flight, if any (g) and any other information concerning the proposed Flight that may be pertinent or required by Company or Company s flight crew or that may be required by the FAR or other Applicable Law. 
 7.2 Approval of Flight Requests . Each use of the Aircraft by a Lessee will be subject to respective Lessee CEO CLO approval and Aircraft availability. Company may approve or deny any Flight scheduling request in Company s sole discretion. Company has final authority over the scheduling of the Aircraft but shall use reasonable efforts to accommodate Lessee s needs for approved Flight requests and to avoid conflicts in scheduling. If two (2) or more Lessees make conflicting requests to use the Aircraft, Company in its sole discretion may determine which, if any, of such requests to 
 6 

accommodate. Company will provide Lessee written approval and commence trip planning services. 
 7.3 Subordinated Use of Aircraft . Each Lessee s rights to schedule use of the Aircraft during the Term of this Agreement are at all times subordinate to the Aircraft use requirements of Company and any Affiliate. Company and each Affiliate may at all times preempt any scheduled, unscheduled, and anticipated use of the Aircraft by a Lessee, notwithstanding any prior approval by Company of the Lessee s request to schedule a Flight. 
 8. OPERATION. 
 8.1 Leasehold Interest Subordination . Company has an exclusive leasehold interest in the Aircraft. Each Lessee shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, do all such further acts, deeds, assurances or things as may, in the reasonable opinion of Company, be necessary or desirable in order to protect or preserve Company s leasehold interest in the Aircraft. 
 8.2 Aircraft Maintenance . Company shall be solely responsible for maintenance, preventive maintenance and required or otherwise necessary inspections of the Aircraft and shall take such requirements into account in scheduling the Aircraft. No period of maintenance, preventative maintenance, or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the purpose of scheduling the Aircraft. 
 8.3 Flight Crews . Company shall provide to Lessee a qualified flight crew for each Flight. Company may, if it so chooses, elect not to hire its own pilots for any given Flight, but to contract instead for pilot services from a third party vendor. Whether or not the flight crew is supplied by a third party vendor, the flight crew is under the exclusive command and control of Company in all phases of all Flights. All flight crewmembers shall be included on any insurance policies that Company is required to maintain hereunder. 
 8.4 OPERATIONAL CONTROL . COMPANY SHALL HAVE AND MAINTAIN OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT FOR ALL FLIGHTS OPERATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THE PARTIES INTEND THAT THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTE A TIME SHARING AGREEMENT AS DEFINED IN SECTION 91.501(C)(1) OF THE FAR. COMPANY SHALL EXERCISE EXCLUSIVE AUTHORITY OVER INITIATING, CONDUCTING, OR TERMINATING ANY FLIGHT CONDUCTED ON BEHALF OF A LESSEE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. 
 8.5 Authority of Pilot in Command . Notwithstanding that Company shall have Operational Control of the Aircraft during any Flight conducted pursuant to this Agreement, the Pilot in Command, in his or her sole discretion, may terminate any Flight, refuse to commence any Flight, or take any other flight-related action that, in the judgment of the Pilot in Command, is necessitated by considerations of safety. The Pilot in Command shall have final and complete authority to postpone or cancel any Flight for any reason or condition that, in his or her judgment, would compromise the safety of the Flight. No such action of the Pilot in Command shall create or support any liability of Company to a Lessee for loss, injury, damage or delay. 
 7 

8.6 Force Majeure . Company shall not be liable for delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and flight crew pursuant to this Agreement when such failure is caused by government regulation or authority, mechanical difficulty, war, civil commotion, strikes or labor disputes, weather conditions, pandemics and endemics, acts of God or other unforeseen or unanticipated circumstances. 
 9. INSURANCE. 
 Insurance . Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, comprehensive aircraft and liability insurance against bodily injury and property damage claims, for each single occurrence and hull insurance for the full replacement cost of the Aircraft. Further, Company will cause each Lessee to be named as an additional insured on all such policies of insurance, and Company will provide any Lessee with a certificate of insurance upon request. 
 10. USE BY LESSEE. 
 Each Lessee shall (a) use the Aircraft solely for and on account of his or her own personal or business use, and shall not use the Aircraft for the purpose of providing transportation of passengers or cargo for compensation or hire or for common carriage (b) refrain from incurring any mechanic s or other lien in connection with inspection, preventative maintenance, maintenance or storage of the Aircraft, whether permissible or impermissible under this Agreement (c) not attempt to convey, mortgage, assign, lease, sublease, or any way alienate the Aircraft or create any kind of lien or security interest involving the Aircraft or do anything or take any action that might mature into such a lien and (d) abide by and conform, during the Term, to all Applicable Laws, governmental and airport orders, rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be in effect relating in any way to the operation and use of the Aircraft by a time sharing Lessee. 
 11. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 11.1 Notices . All notices hereunder shall be delivered by hand, sent by reputable guaranteed overnight delivery service with verification of receipt, or sent by first-class United States mail, certified, postage prepaid, return receipt requested. Notice shall be deemed given when delivered or sent in the manner provided herein. 
 If to Company 
 
 L Brands Service Company, LLC 
 c o L Brands, Inc. 
 Three Limited Parkway 
 Columbus, OH 43230 
 Attention Office of the General Counsel 
 
 If to a Lessee, at the notice address listed for such Lessee on the signature page(s) hereto or the Joinder. 
 
 At any time, Company may change its address for purposes of notices under this Agreement by giving notice to the Lessees as set forth in this Section 11.1. At any time, any Lessee may 
 8 

change its address for purposes of notices under this Agreement by giving notice to Company as set forth in this Section 11.1. 
 
 11.2 No Waiver . No purported waiver by either party of any default by the other party of any term or provision contained herein shall be deemed to be a waiver of such term or provision unless the waiver is in writing and signed by the waiting party. No such waiver shall in any event be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default under the same or any other term or provision contained herein. 
 11.3 Entire Agreement Amendment . This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between the parties and incorporates all prior negotiations and agreements between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. There are no covenants, promises, agreements, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement other than those set forth herein. No representation or warranty has been made by or on behalf of any party (or any officer, director, employee or agent thereof) to induce any other party to enter into this Agreement or to abide by or consummate any transaction contemplated by any terms of this Agreement, except representations and warranties, if any, expressly set forth herein. No alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement shall be binding upon either party unless in writing and signed by the party to be charged. Whenever in this Agreement any printed portion has been stricken out, whether or not any relative provision has been added, this Agreement shall be construed as if the material so stricken was never included herein and no inference shall be drawn from the material so stricken out which would be inconsistent in any way with the construction or interpretation which would be appropriate if such material were never contained herein. 
 11.4 No Agency or Partnership . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed by the parties hereto or by any third person to create the relationship of principal and agent or of partnership or joint venture. 
 11.5 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement, obligations hereunder, and or rights herein granted may not be assigned, transferred or encumbered to or by any party without the prior written consent of another party provided, however, that the rights and obligations of Company may be assigned to Affiliates of Company without the consent of the Lessees. Any purported or attempted transfer or assignment in contravention of this Section 11.5 shall be void and of no effect. Subject to this Section 11.5, each and all of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and, except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 11.6 Third Parties . Nothing herein expressed or implied is intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give any person other than the parties hereto and their successors or assigns, any rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 11.7 Limitation of Liability . LESSEE COVENANTS AND AGREES THAT THE INSURANCE DESCRIBED IN SECTION 9 HEREOF SHALL BE THE SOLE RECOURSE FOR ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, CLAIMS, DEMANDS, SUITS, 
 9 

CAUSES OF ACTION, LOSSES, PENALTIES, FINES, EXPENSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ATTORNEYS FEES, COURT COSTS AND WITNESS FEES, ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE USE, OPERATION OR MAINTENANCE OF THE AIRCRAFT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR PERFORMANCE OF OR FAILURE TO PERFORM ANY OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 
 11.8 Captions Recitals . The captions and section numbers appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience. They do not define, limit, construe or describe the scope or intent of the provisions of this Agreement. The recitals at the beginning of this Agreement are intended to give an understanding of the factual background that led the parties to enter into this Agreement. The recitals are not intended to be warranties, representations, covenants, or otherwise contractually binding. 
 11.9 Prohibited or Unenforceable Provisions . Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibitions or unenforceability in any other jurisdiction. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each of Company and Lessees hereby waives any provision of applicable law which renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 
 11.10 Governing Law . The laws of the State of Ohio, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law, govern all matters arising under this Agreement, including all tort claims. The parties hereby consent and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the United States District Court for Southern District Eastern Division in Ohio in any proceedings hereunder, and each hereby waives any objection to any such proceedings based on improper venue or forum non-conveniens or similar principles. The parties hereto hereby further consent and agree to the exercise of such personal jurisdiction over them by such courts with respect to any such proceedings, waive any objection to the assertion or exercise of such jurisdiction and consent to process being served in any such proceedings in the manner provided for the giving of notices hereunder. 
 11.11 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, and or by execution of counterpart signature pages, which may be attached to one or more counterparts, and all counterparts so executed shall constitute one agreement binding on all of the parties hereto, notwithstanding that all the parties are not signatory to the original or to the same counterpart. In addition, any counterpart signature page may be executed by any party wherever that party is located, and may be delivered by attachment to email, telephone facsimile transmission, and any such email or facsimile transmitted signature page may be attached to one or more counterparts of this Agreement, and such faxed and emailed signatures shall have the same force and effect, and be as binding, as original signatures executed and delivered in person. 
 12. AMENDMENTS, ADDENDA, SUPPLEMENTS, SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS. 
 12.1 Amendments, Addenda, and Supplements . Each Lessee (including every person who later becomes a Lessee) authorizes Company at any time, and from time to time, to do 
 10 

any or all of the following in the name of, and on behalf of, the Lessee, which authorization and power is coupled with an interest and shall be irrevocable 
 (a) Execute and deliver any document (including amendments, addenda or supplements to this Agreement) evidencing (i) the addition of any person or persons as Lessee (ii) the cessation of the Term of this Agreement as to any person or persons as Lessee or (iii) the addition, withdrawal or substitution of the Aircraft. 
 (b) File any such document with the FAA and or such other governmental agencies or offices as Company shall judge to be necessary or desirable to implement the intent of this Agreement. 
 12.2 Schedules and Exhibits . Each schedule or exhibit that is referred to in and attached to this Agreement is incorporated in this Agreement by reference. 
 13. DISCLAIMER. 
 EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, COMPANY HAS MADE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT, INCLUDING ANY WITH RESPECT TO ITS CONDITION, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER ARISING. 
 14. TRUTH-IN-LEASING COMPLIANCE AND DISCLOSURES. 
 14.1 Truth-in-leasing Compliance . Company, on behalf of each Lessee, shall (i) deliver a copy of this Agreement to the Federal Aviation Administration, Aircraft Registration Branch, Attn Technical Section, P.O. Box 25724, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73125 within twenty-four (24) hours of the execution of this Agreement and (ii) notify the appropriate Flight Standards District Office at least forty-eight (48) hours prior to the first Flight under this Agreement of the registration number of the Aircraft, and the location of the airport of departure and departure time for such Flight 
 14.2 Truth-in-leasing Disclosures . WITHIN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EFFECTIVE DATE, THE AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN INSPECTED AND MAINTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS OF THE FAR 91.409 (f) (3) A CURRENT INSPECTION PROGRAM RECOMMENDED BY THE MANUFACTURER. THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR ALL OPERATIONS CONDUCTED HEREUNDER, THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR 91.409 (f) (3). COMPANY ACLNOWLEDGES AND CERTIFIES BY ITS SIGNATURE BELOW THAT IT SHALL HAVE AND RETAIN OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF THE AIRCRAFT DURING ALL OPERATIONS CONDUCTED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT COMPANY SHALL IN FACT BE THE OPERATOR OF THE AIRCRAFT. EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES THAT IT UNDERSTANDS THE EXTENT OF ITS RESPONSIBILITIES FOR COMPLIANCE WITH 
 11 

APPLICABLE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS AS SET FORTH HEREIN. AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION FLIGHT STANDARDS DISTRICT OFFICE (FSDO). THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT A TRUE COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CARRIED ON THE AIRCRAFT AT ALL TIMES AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION UPON REQUEST BY AN APPROPRIATELY CONSTITUTED AND IDENTIFIED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FAA. 
 Signature page follows 
 12 

The parties have signed this Agreement to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 Company 
 L Brands Service Company, LLC 

By s Timothy J. Faber 
 Name Timothy J. Faber 
 Title Senior Vice President 

Lessee 

s Andrew Meslow 
 Name Andrew Meslow 
 Address for Notices Three Limited Parkway, Columbus, OH 43230 

Signature page follows 

13 

SCHEDULE 1 
 
 AIRCRAFT 
 
 Aircraft U.S. 
 Registration 
 Number 
 Aircraft 
 Serial 
 Number 
 Airframe 
 Manufacturer 
 Airframe Model 
 Engine 
 Manufacturer 
 Model & Quantity 
 
 Engine 
 Serial 
 Numbers 
 N200LS 5911 Bombardier CL-600-2B16- 
 Challenger 
 General Electric 
 Company CF34-3B 
 801171 and 
 801172 

Schedule 1 

Exhibit A 
 
 FORM OF JOINDER OF NEW LEASE 
 
 This Joinder is made by and between the undersigned and L Brands Service Company, LLC (f k a Limited Service Corporation and Limited Brands Service Company, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company Company ), and has been entered into and shall be effective as of (the Effective Date ). Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Master Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement of Company, effective August 13, 2021 (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Agreement ). 
 
 Capitalized terms not otherwise defined have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby acknowledges that (i) the undersigned has been provided with a true, complete, and accurate copy of the current Agreement, and (ii) by executing this Joinder, irrevocably acknowledges receipt thereof. The undersigned desires to join the Agreement as a Lessee, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 The undersigned hereby acknowledges that the undersigned will benefit directly from the Agreement and is delivering this Joinder to Company as required pursuant to the Agreement. The undersigned acknowledges and agrees that becoming a signatory to the Agreement and delivery of this executed Joinder is a condition precedent to becoming a Lessee, and party to the Agreement. The undersigned agrees with and guarantees to Company and all parties to the Agreement that the undersigned shall abide by the terms and conditions of the Agreement. 
 
 By execution hereof, the undersigned hereby joins in as a Lessee to and signatory of the Agreement and shall be bound by all the terms thereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Joinder as of the date first above written. 

Lessee 
 
 By _____________________________________________ 
 Print Name 
 Title 
 Address for Notices (Section 11.1 of Agreement) 

Exhibit A 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-10.39>
 16
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1039.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO L BRANDS TO VS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 10.39 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO L BRANDS TO VS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO L BRANDS TO VS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT (this 
 Amendment is dated as of January 23, 2023 and effective as of January 28, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Victoria s Secret & Co., a Delaware corporation VS ), and Bath & Body Works, Inc. (formerly known as L Brands, Inc.), a Delaware corporation Service Provider , and together with VS, the Parties ). 
 
 WHEREAS , VS and Service Provider entered into that certain L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021 and amended by Amendment No. 1 to L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement effective as of January 31, 2022 (collectively, the Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Agreement, VS and Service Provider desire to amend the Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually acknowledged, the Parties agree to supplement, modify and amend the Agreement as set forth below. 
 1. Amendment . The Schedules to the Agreement are amended as outlined in the attached Exhibit A. 
 2. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (b) Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
 
 (c) This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state. 
 
 (d) This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts (delivery of which may occur via electronic transmission), each of which shall be binding as of the date first written above, and, when delivered, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile signature or electronically scanned copy of a signature shall constitute and shall be deemed to be sufficient evidence of a Party s execution of this Amendment, without necessity of further proof. Each such copy (or facsimile) shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Amendment to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment No. 2 to L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement has been executed by the Parties effective as of the Effective Date. 

VICTORIA'S SECRET & CO. By s Timothy Johnson Name Timothy Johnson Title Chief Financial Officer BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. By s Wendy C. Arlin Name Wendy C. Arlin Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to L Brands to VS Transition Services Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 
 Intentionally Omitted 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.42>
 17
 bbwi128202310kexhibit1042.htm
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO VS TO L BRANDS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT

Document 

Exhibit 10.42 

AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO VS TO L BRANDS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT 
 This AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO VS TO L BRANDS TRANSITION SERVICES AGREEMENT (this 
 Amendment is dated as of January 23, 2023 and effective as of January 28, 2023 (the Effective Date ), by and between Bath & Body Works, Inc. (formerly known as L Brands, Inc.), a Delaware corporation BBW ), and Victoria s Secret & Co., a Delaware corporation Service Provider , and together with BBW, the Parties ). 
 
 WHEREAS , BBW and Service Provider entered into that certain VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021 and amended by Amendment No. 1 to VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement effective as of January 31, 2022 (collectively, the Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.02 of the Agreement, BBW and Service Provider desire to amend the Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the covenants and agreements contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby mutually acknowledged, the Parties agree to supplement, modify and amend the Agreement as set forth below. 
 1. Amendment . The Schedules to the Agreement are amended as outlined in the attached Exhibit A. 
 2. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Except as expressly amended by this Amendment, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 (b) Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms in this Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Agreement. 
 
 (c) This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state. 
 
 (d) This Amendment may be executed in two or more counterparts (delivery of which may occur via electronic transmission), each of which shall be binding as of the date first written above, and, when delivered, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. A facsimile signature or electronically scanned copy of a signature shall constitute and shall be deemed to be sufficient evidence of a Party s execution of this Amendment, without necessity of further proof. Each such copy (or facsimile) shall be deemed an original, and it shall not be necessary in making proof of this Amendment to produce or account for more than one such counterpart. 
 REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , this Amendment No. 2 to VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement has been executed by the Parties effective as of the Effective Date. 

VICTORIA'S SECRET & CO. By s Timothy Johnson Name Timothy Johnson Title Chief Financial Officer BATH & BODY WORKS, INC. By s Wendy C. Arlin Name Wendy C. Arlin Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 2 to VS to L Brands Transition Services Agreement 

Exhibit A 
 
 Intentionally Omitted 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21>
 18
 bbwi128202310kexhibit21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Subsidiaries (a) Jurisdiction of Incorporation Bath & Body Works Brand Management, Inc. Delaware Bath & Body Works Direct, Inc. Delaware Bath & Body Works, LLC Delaware beautyAvenues, LLC Delaware Beauty Specialty Holding, LLC Delaware L Brands (Overseas), Inc. Delaware L Brands Service Company, LLC Delaware Luxembourg (Overseas) Holdings S. .r.l. Luxembourg PCAB S. .r.l. 
 Luxembourg Retail Store Operations, Inc. Delaware 
 
 (a) The names of certain subsidiaries are omitted because such unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of January 28, 2023. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 19
 bbwi128202310kexhibit22.htm
 LIST OF GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES

Document 

Exhibit 22 
 
 List of Guarantor Subsidiaries 
 
 The 2025 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2028 Notes, 2029 Notes, 2030 Notes, 2035 Notes and 2036 Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a full and unconditional basis by Bath & Body Works, Inc. (incorporated in Delaware) and the following 100 owned subsidiaries of Bath & Body Works, Inc. as of January 28, 2023 
 Entity Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Bath & Body Works, LLC Delaware Bath & Body Works Brand Management, Inc. Delaware Bath & Body Works Direct, Inc. Delaware beautyAvenues, LLC Delaware Beauty Specialty Holding, LLC Delaware L Brands Service Company, LLC Delaware 

</EX-22>

<EX-23.1>
 20
 bbwi128202310kexhibit231.htm
 CONSENT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 ASR No. 333-263720) of Bath & Body Works, Inc., 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-265379) pertaining to the Bath & Body Works, Inc. Associate Stock Purchase Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-262626) pertaining to the Bath & Body Works, Inc. 401(k) Savings and Retirement Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-251226) pertaining to the L Brands, Inc. 2020 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-206787) pertaining to the L Brands, Inc. 2015 Stock Option and Performance Incentive Plan, and 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-176588) pertaining to the Limited Brands, Inc. 2011 Stock Option and Performance Plan 
 of our reports dated March 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Bath & Body Works, Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Bath & Body Works, Inc., included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Bath & Body Works, Inc. for the year ended January 28, 2023. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Grandview Heights, Ohio 
 March 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 21
 bbwi128202310kexhibit24.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

Document 

Exhibit 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 7 th day of March, 2023 . 

s PATRICIA S. BELLINGER Patricia S. Bellinger 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s ALESSANDRO BOGLIOLO Alessandro Bogliolo 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s LUCY O. BRADY Lucy O. Brady 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s FRANCIS A. HONDAL Francis A. Hondal 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s DANIELLE M. LEE Danielle M. Lee 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s MICHAEL G. MORRIS Michael G. Morris 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 9 th day of March, 2023 . 

s SARAH E. NASH Sarah E. Nash 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s JUAN RAJLIN Juan Rajlin 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s STEPHEN D. STEINOUR Stephen D. Steinour 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s JAMES K. SYMANCYK James K. Symancyk 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 OFFICERS AND 
 DIRECTORS OF 
 BATH AND BODY WORKS, INC. 
 The undersigned officer and or director of Bath and Body Works, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which anticipates filing an Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., hereby constitutes and appoints Gina R. Boswell and Wendy C. Arlin, and each of them, with full powers of substitution and resubstitution, as attorney to sign for the undersigned in any and all capacities such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and any and all applications or other documents to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K with full power and authority to do and perform any and all acts and things whatsoever required and necessary to be done in the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 EXECUTED as of the 8 th day of March, 2023 . 

s STEVEN E. VOSKUIL Steven E. Voskuil 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 22
 bbwi128202310kexhibit311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Section 302 Certification 
 I, Gina R. Boswell, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s GINA R. BOSWELL Gina R. Boswell Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date March 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 23
 bbwi128202310kexhibit312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Section 302 Certification 
 I, Wendy C. Arlin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bath & Body Works, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s WENDY C. ARLIN Wendy C. Arlin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date March 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 24
 bbwi128202310kexhibit32.htm
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 Section 906 Certification 
 Gina R. Boswell, the Chief Executive Officer, and Wendy C. Arlin, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of Bath & Body Works, Inc. (the Company ), each certifies that, to the best of our knowledge 
 (i) the Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K dated March 17, 2023 for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (ii) the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s GINA R. BOSWELL Gina R. Boswell Chief Executive Officer s WENDY C. ARLIN Wendy C. Arlin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date March 17, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 bbwi-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 26
 bbwi-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 27
 bbwi-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 28
 bbwi-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 29
 bbwi-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

