<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1874097_0001213900-23-020719.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8259605</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>281290</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3803312</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1300679</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1416136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1314797</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020719.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316203019
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020719
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cyngn Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874097
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				462007094
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40932
		FILM NUMBER:		23740461

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1015 O'BRIEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-924-5905

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1015 O'BRIEN DRIVE
		CITY:			MENLO PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94025

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cyngn, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210721

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020719.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_cyngninc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from [____] to [____] 

Commission
file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ., , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
Telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Name
 of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registered is a well-known seasonal issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by a check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates
of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter),
computed by reference to the closing price for the Common Stock on such date 1.15), as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was . 

The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.00001 par value, outstanding on
March 15, 2023 was shares. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 36 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 43 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 43 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 44 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 48 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 52 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 53 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 54 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions
and on information currently available to our management. The forward-looking statements are contained principally under the headings
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
and Business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning: 

our
possible or assumed future results of operations; 

our
business strategies; 

our
ability to attract and retain customers; 

our
ability to sell additional products and services to customers; 

our
cash needs and financing plans; 

our
competitive position; 

our
industry environment; 

our
potential growth opportunities; 

expected
technological advances by us or by third parties and our ability to integrate and commercialize them; 

the
effects of future regulation; and 

the
effects of competition. 

All
statements in this Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. We may, in some cases, use terms
such as anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, 
 will, would or similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes to identify forward-looking statements. 

The
outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances
or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These important factors include our financial performance
and the other important factors we discuss in greater detail in Risk Factors. You should read these factors and the other
cautionary statements made in this Annual Report as applying to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear in this
Annual Report. Given these factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, forward-looking statements
represent our management s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation
to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as
required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

Unless
the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, us, our, 
and Cyngn refer to CYNGN Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART
1 

Item
1. Business 

General 

We
are an autonomous vehicle AV technology company that is focused on addressing industrial uses for autonomous vehicles.
We believe that technological innovation is needed to enable adoption of autonomous industrial vehicles that will address the substantial
industry challenges that exist today. These challenges include labor shortages, lagging technological advancements from incumbent vehicle
manufacturers, and high upfront investment commitment. 

According
to the Trends in Supporting and Scaling Modern Automation report by Ricoh ABI Research Report, historically, less
than 1 of industrial vehicle equipment shipped by top manufacturers has been automated. Despite these low penetration rates, the
benefits of industrial vehicle automation can produce operational efficiency gains of upwards of 50 , according to the Industry
4.0: Reimagining manufacturing operations after COVID 19 article by McKinsey Company. As automation proliferates, these
industries will gradually shift to service-based models that will decrease upfront capital expenditures and create new revenue streams
while unlocking new value in the supply chain. Our Autonomous Vehicle AV technology is uniquely positioned to capitalize
upon these changes by offering a universal autonomy solution that can deliver self-driving capabilities and data insights to nearly
every industrial vehicle on the market. 

We
integrate our full-stack autonomous driving software, DriveMod, onto vehicles manufactured by Original Equipment Manufacturer OEM either via retrofit of existing vehicles or by integration directly into vehicle assembly. We design the Enterprise Autonomy Suite EAS to be compatible with sensors and components from leading hardware technology providers and integrate our proprietary AV software to
produce differentiated autonomous vehicles. 

Autonomous
driving has common technological building blocks that remain similar across vehicles and applications. By tapping into these building
blocks, DriveMod is designed to deliver autonomy to new vehicles via streamlined hardware/software integration. This vehicle-agnostic approach
enables DriveMod to expand to new vehicles and novel operational design domains ODD ). In short, almost every industrial
vehicle, regardless of use case, can move autonomously using our technology. 

Our
approach accomplishes several primary value propositions: 

1. Brings
autonomous capabilities to vehicles built by proven manufacturers that are already trusted by customers. 

2. Generates
continual customer value by leveraging the synergistic relationship of autonomous vehicles and data. 

3. Creates
consistent autonomous vehicle operation and interfaces for diverse fleets. 

4. Complements
the core competencies of existing industry players by introducing leading-edge technologies like Artificial Intelligence AI Machine Learning ML ), cloud/connectivity, sensor fusion, high-definition mapping, and real-time dynamic
path planning decision making. 

We
believe our market positioning as a technology partner to vehicle manufacturers creates a synergy with incumbent suppliers that already
have established sales, distribution, and service/maintenance channels. By focusing on industrial use cases and partnering with the incumbent
OEMs in these spaces, we believe we can source and execute revenue-generating opportunities more quickly. 

Our
long-term vision is for EAS to become a universal autonomous driving solution with minimal marginal cost for companies to adopt
new vehicles and expand their autonomous fleets across new deployments. We have already deployed DriveMod software on more than ten different
vehicle form factors that range from stockchasers and stand-on floor scrubbers to 14-seat shuttles and electric forklifts as
part of prototypes and proof of concept projects, demonstrating the extensibility of our AV building blocks. 

1 

Our
recent progress contributes to the validation of EAS with OEM partners and end customers. We also continue to build upon our ability
to scale our products and generate novel technological developments. See figure below for recent highlights: 

Figure
0: Summary of recent Cyngn technical and commercial milestones 

2 

We
believe that the ubiquity of our technology will combine with our deep AV experience and enable us to incrementally expand into new AV
verticals. Thus, we could grow our total addressable market TAM from the billions of dollars we are currently targeting
in the commercial and industrial markets to the trillions of dollars that self-driving vehicles can capture across industries (Source:
Ark Invest. Mobility-As-A-Service: Why Self-Driving Cars Could Change Everything. ). 

Automation
and Autonomy in the Industrial Equipment Market 

Overview 

Automation
has long played a role in industrial sectors. More recently, the larger industrial automation market has grown significantly by riding
the wave of new technology and innovation focused on addressing the needs of what is known as Industry 4.0, the outcome
of the fourth industrial revolution (Source: https://www2.deloitte.com/us/en/insights/focus/industry-4-0.html ). According
to the Industrial Automation Market by Component, Mode of Operation, and End User report by Meticulous Market Research
Pvt. Ltd., in 2020, the industrial automation industry was valued at US 164.2 billion and is expected to grow at 9.3 compound annual
growth rate CAGR ), ultimately reaching a market value of US 306.2 billion by 2027. Autonomous vehicles represent
fundamental technology that will enable the fourth industrial revolution. 

Figure
1: Illustration of the progression from Industry 1.0 to Industry 4.0. 

Industrial
automation is broadly understood to consist of a wide range of technology solutions that provide varying levels of automation for critical
software control systems and industrial equipment. These components are essential to the operations and growth of global markets such
as manufacturing, distribution, transportation, construction, and mining. The relatively controlled and pre-defined operational
environments industrial companies operate in are what make them such a strong opportunity for companies looking to develop automation
solutions, but enhanced product capabilities will be required to achieve the promise of Industry 4.0 capabilities that will
be created by technological advancements in AI/ML, robotics, connectivity, mapping, and interoperability. 

Automation
Solutions for Industrial Equipment 

The
Industrial Equipment market covers a broad range of use cases and product categories, with automation solutions targeting Material Transport
Equipment MTE heavily utilized by the majority of industry market sectors. For our purposes, we can think of MTE to include
all material handling equipment directly related to material transit (this includes conveying equipment, monorail, hoists, storage 
retrieval, and industrial vehicles). According to the Global Material Handling Equipment report by Freedonia Focus Reports,
the MTE market is characterized by steady growth, and the increase in global e-commerce activity and industry mechanization over
the past decade are projected to grow the industry to 160 billion in 2023, representing a 3.9 5-year CAGR. Our belief
is that these strong growth indicators will drive increased need for more advanced technology that will address gaps in the current capabilities
of automated MTE solutions. 

Historically,
MTE automation has been heavily weighted in solutions related to storage/retrieval systems and conveyors because more rigid and repetitive
environments are better suited for the limited capability of existing automation solutions. By contrast, the vehicles in the MTE category,
referred to here as industrial vehicles , are largely still driven manually. As an example, automated guided vehicles AGVs and autonomous mobile robots AMRs have illustrated the applicability of automated industrial vehicles for the manufacturing
and distribution industries, yet adoption rates of these technologies are lagging Industry 4.0 growth rates by as much as 4.5 , according
to the Global Material Handling Equipment report by Freedonia Focus Reports. 

3 

Analysis
in the Trends in Supporting and Scaling Modern Automation report by Ricoh ABI Research Report estimates that the
top 10 manufacturers of industrial vehicles for manufacturing and distribution shipped approximately 883,000 units in 2019. However,
fewer than 1 of material handling vehicles shipped every year are automated, presenting a significant opportunity to automate industrial
vehicles. The cost to operate a non-autonomous material transport vehicle is reported to be 32.42 per hour, according to the U.S.
Bureau of Labor Statistics compensation data for transportation and material moving full-time employees. Further, it is estimated
that each non-autonomous vehicle is in operation for approximately 4,174 hours per year based on 16-hour per workday operation.
The labor costs associated with humans operating 883,000 non-autonomous vehicles for manufacturing and distribution yield our current
market potential of 119B. The ability to deliver more consistent operations, reduce accidents, and mitigate personnel issues like attrition
and truancy through the use of AVs could create additional market opportunity. Other relevant statistics we consider when evaluating
our market potential are that there are an estimated 20,000 warehouses in the US (50,000 globally) with an average of 175 employees per
warehouse, according to Statista, and there are an estimated 900,000 employees moving material within these US warehouses, according
to Industries at a Glance: Warehousing and Storage: NAICS 493. We believe that technological innovation is needed to enable
adoption of autonomous MTE that will address the substantial industry challenges that exist today. 

These
challenges include: 

Labor
shortages The hiring and retention of qualified workers is a critical concern for the markets that material transport
vehicles operate within. In fact, Deloitte s 2020 and 2021 Material Handling Industry Report showed that over 50 of the 1,000
supply chain and manufacturing leaders surveyed rated hiring and employee retention as their biggest challenge (source: MHI Deloitte
Industry Report). Additionally, in a survey completed in late 2019 prior to the start of the COVID 19 pandemic, 73 of survey respondents
indicated that it takes more than 30 days for their companies to fill open positions. By 2030, the impact of unfilled open jobs in manufacturing
could cost the US economy more than 1 trillion. Compounding the issue further is the industry s projected increase in labor demand
and cost. According to IBISWorld s 2020 US Industrial Machinery Equipment Industry Report, US industry labor needs are expected
to increase at an annualized rate of 3.7 to over 375,000 workers through 2025, driven by higher US industrial and manufacturing activity.
Average cost of manufacturing labor in the US has also increased by 20 since 2010 according to McKinsey. 

Difficulty
in scaling The traditional approaches to vehicle automation make scaling vehicle automation solutions difficult due
to strains caused by service lifecycle management and issues with dynamic deployability. Industrial automation customers are forced to
coordinate operational components from a variety of different vendors and lack a unifying architecture that allows the technology to
scale effectively within and across sites. Significant costs are also associated with expanding the scope of existing automation solutions
as they are tightly coupled to specific vehicles and often require an overhaul of the site infrastructure to overcome shortcomings in
the automation technology. This can be especially true in niche environments like mines, where the deployability challenges are compounded
by unique sites that require heterogeneous fleets. Furthermore, customer service, workforce training, and repair fall under service lifecycle
management and must be taken into account along with the technology in order to scale efficiently, according to the Trends in
Supporting and Scaling Modern Automation report by Ricoh ABI Research Report. 

Lagging
technological advancement Manufacturers of material transport vehicles have core competencies in mechanical, electrical,
and control systems while the end users of the vehicles typically specialize in logistics, manufacturing, and material moving. There
is limited expertise throughout the material handling value chain in software algorithms, sensing, and high-performance computing.
Considering the incumbents gaps in leading-edge AV and AI technologies and the pressure existing suppliers face to ship manually-operated vehicles
that address the multi-billion dollar demand that already exists, we believe it is unlikely that existing stakeholders will be able
to invest in the technological advancements that will solve the industry s fundamental challenges. 

High
barriers to adoption Many solutions for automated material transport require an all-or-nothing commitment from
customers: either make a major upfront investment to overhaul operations for automation, or postpone automation at the risk of
falling behind competition. This all-or-nothing approach to unlocking future return on investment ROI can be
problematic for risk-averse companies that seek to adopt automation solutions. Depending on fleet size, traditional automation
solutions such as robot-in-a-box may command ROI horizons of up to 4 years. Factoring in ancillary costs like
installation, maintenance, on-site testing, integration, and deployment, can also represent a significant annual cost burden,
according to findings by Richoh ABI Research Report. According to a PwC 2016 Digital Operations survey, cost
advantage was the most prevalent prompt cited (86 of responses) for adopting advanced industrial mobility technologies, but
in conjunction, costs are prohibitive was the most prevalent barrier (58 of responses) to adoption of
semi-autonomous/autonomous vehicles. 

4 

To
combat these challenges, we have built an Enterprise Autonomy Suite for industrial vehicles that leverages advanced in-vehicle autonomous
driving technology and incorporates leading supporting technologies like data analytics, fleet management, cloud, and connectivity. EAS
provides a differentiated solution that we believe will drive pervasive adoption of industrial autonomy and create value for customers
at every stage of their automation growth. 

The
Enterprise Autonomy Suite for Industrial Vehicles 

Our
unique value proposition stems from the concept that the growth of industrial autonomy requires an approach that deploys applied AV solutions
within a system of supportive resources rather than a technology feature that is tuned to a specific industrial vehicle. 

Some
companies manufacture standard industrial vehicles then integrate industrial automation software for rigid tasks. Others develop new
vehicle platforms to enable more advanced automation capabilities, limiting the AV technology to a narrow use case. We develop an
advanced autonomous vehicle software, DriveMod, for industrial vehicles. DriveMod is a component of EAS that is operationally expansive,
vehicle agnostic, and compatible with indoor and outdoor environments. EAS centers around DriveMod s on-vehicle AV software
and is supported by our Cyngn Insight and Cyngn Evolve technology and tools. 

Figure
2: The core components that make up our EAS product offering. 

Our
approach drives value at every stage of a company s autonomy journey 

EAS
provides extensible industrial autonomy solutions that can include data-driven actionable insights, partial autonomy to augment
existing workflows and support human drivers, and fully autonomous vehicle mobility. By offering flexible data and autonomous services
through subscription-based business models, we assuage the industry s existing challenge of all-or-nothing adoption for
autonomous vehicles. Installing DriveMod onto any vehicle unlocks a collection of valuable product offerings that customers can activate
over the air, creating lower barriers to entry and enabling customers to benefit from novel data insights while adopting industrial AVs
at their own pace. Our solutions also do not require infrastructure investments to enable autonomous vehicle operation. 

5 

EAS
galvanizes the relationship between AVs and data 

Our
EAS combines core autonomous vehicle technology with a suite of tools and products that strengthen the ties between industrial business
operations and the positive network effects that underpin the relationship between data and AVs. DriveMod uses data from advanced sensors
to navigate AVs, creating a de facto mechanism for rich data collection. Vehicles equipped with DriveMod provide the means for us to
collect data then organize, analyze, and expose customers to novel insights. This makes the data collected during vehicle operation a
new type of asset that adopters of AV technology can take advantage of. Data can be stored in cloud or on-premises servers, according
to customer requirements. We intend to have our customers own the data collected at their facilities and for Cyngn to have the rights
to use that data for certain purposes, such as testing simulation and development. These data assets present a new opportunity to reveal
previously unknown insights about day-to-day operational processes that impact safety, efficiency, vehicle maintenance, and growth. 

Figure
3: The EAS product flywheel 

As
the deployment of industrial vehicles with DriveMod scales up, the amount and diversity of data flowing through Cyngn Insight expands,
creating an accelerated feedback loop and powers our ability to use Cyngn Evolve to further enhance DriveMod, and update the on-vehicle software
over-the-air, resulting in an ever-improving EAS offering. 

Continual
Improvement Drives Technology Advancement 

DriveMod s
building blocks enable a more consistent cadence of upgrades, improvements, and customer-specific feature development that can be
deployed via over-the-air updates. These capabilities ensure that the deployed system stays in sync with the changing application
demands while allowing customers to focus on monetary and operational ROI. Our EAS plugs into business operations by creating and collecting
real-time data and aggregating it into configurable analytics dashboards that inform customer operations as well as future DriveMod
releases, creating a data set specific to each customer from high-resolution data collected during their operations. 

6 

Our
Approach Augments and Upskills Workforces 

Industrial
vehicle autonomy represents an opportunity to minimize the adverse impact that labor shortages, employee health, and safety have on a
company s core operations. Autonomous vehicles can be relied upon to fill the voids that commonly create human resource issues
like executing repetitive tasks, working during undesirable hours, and operating in uncomfortable or hazardous environments. One Deloitte
case study inspected a parts manufacturing and fulfillment facility that utilized Autonomous Mobile Robots AMRs to pick
products from the back of their expansive distribution center. Introducing the AMRs saved employee time, provided respite from unstimulating
tasks, and improved both morale and productivity overall (Source: Deloitte industry report, 2020). 

Furthermore,
existing employees can be exposed to cutting-edge technology and develop new valuable career development opportunities. For instance,
a manufacturing community in Wisconsin successfully retrained their employees to be skilled in AMR maintenance after AMRs were introduced
to replace traditional conveyors, according to the article Are Autonomous Mobile Robots at the Tipping Point by AutomationWorld. 

We
Designed for Scale 

EAS
provides a powerful solution to scalability issues, especially for dynamic deployability and service lifecycle management. DriveMod s
vehicle-agnostic capability to deploy AV technology on diverse vehicle fleets has been proven through its deployment on more than ten
different vehicle form factors that we have operated autonomously. DriveMod has been commercially released for the Columbia Stockchaser,
and a commercial agreement with a customer is subsidizing the development of DriveMod for electric forklifts towards commercial availability.
Other autonomous vehicles were deployed as prototypes or as a part of proof-of-concept project. More than five past deployments
have been at customer or beta customer sites. For one deployment we were paid 166,000. Other past deployments were part of our normal
R D activities and product validation that was performed with beta customers. 

Our
AV development and testing have included road vehicles that navigate complex dynamic environments. DriveMod is capable of perceiving
more than 100 dynamic objects per second and then using that perception information to navigate autonomously. This capability has been
proven via road testing in difficult driving settings like urban streets. In contrast, the industrial settings of our target market rarely
encounter 100 dynamic actors per minute, let alone per second. Scalability is further strengthened by EAS creating common interfaces
and experiences that unify customer data and AV operations within and across sites. Thus, proliferating our solutions with customers
will be achieved by iteratively adding onto an existing EAS, which minimizes the marginal cost associated with expanding AV operations.
Additionally, the deployment of EAS allows for all of the on-going administration, services, and vendors associated
with managing the lifecycle of the system to be integrated. 

Figure
4: Illustration of DriveMod s ability to utilize key subsystems across multiple environments and vehicle platforms 
(left: off-road utility vehicle; right: indoor material handling vehicle). 

7 

Our
Products 

EAS
is a suite of technology and tools that is made up by three complementary categories: DriveMod, Cyngn Insight, and Cyngn Evolve. 

DriveMod:
Industrial Autonomous Vehicle System 

We
built DriveMod as a modular software product that is compatible with various sensor and computer hardware components that are widely
used throughout the autonomous vehicle industry. Our software combined with sensors and components from industry leading technology providers
covers the end-to-end requirements that enable vehicles to operate autonomously with leading-edge technology. The modularity
of DriveMod allows our AV technology to be compatible across vehicle platforms as well as indoor and outdoor environments. DriveMod can
be retrofitted to existing vehicle assets or integrated into a manufacturing partner s vehicles at assembly, providing accessible
options for our customers to integrate leading-edge technology whether their AV adoption strategies are evolutionary or revolutionary. 

The
core vehicle-agnostic DriveMod software stack is targeted and deployed to different vehicles through DriveMod Kits , which are
the AV hardware systems that take into account the specific needs of operating the DriveMod software on a specific target vehicle. Then,
after prototyping and productization, DriveMod kits streamline the integration AV hardware and software integration onto vehicles at
scale. The DriveMod Kit for Columbia Stockchasers is commercially released and available at scale. Subsequently, we expect to create
different instances of DriveMod Kits to support the commercial release of new vehicles on the EAS platform, such as the electric forklifts
and other industrial vehicles. 

Figure
5: Overview of Cyngn s autonomous vehicle technology (DriveMod) 

DriveMod s
flexibility combines with our network of manufacturing and service partners to support customers at different stages of autonomous technology
integration. This allows customers to grow the complexity and scope of their industrial autonomy deployments as their business transforms
while continually capturing returns throughout their transition to full autonomy. EAS will also grant customers access to over-the-air software
upgrades, ad hoc customer support, and flexible consumption based on usage and scale of operations. By lessening both the commercial
and technical burdens of traditional vehicle automation and industrial robotics investments, industrial AVs can become universally available
to the market, even reaching small and medium-sized businesses that may otherwise struggle to adopt Industry 4.0 technology. 

8 

Cyngn
Insight: Intelligent Control Center 

Cyngn
Insight is the customer-facing tool suite for managing AV fleets and aggregating data to extract business insights. Analytics dashboards
surface data about the system s status, vehicle telemetry, and performance metrics. Cyngn Insight also provides tools to switch
between autonomous, manual, and remote operation when required. This flexibility allows customers to use the autonomous capabilities
of the system in a way that is tailored to their own operational environment. Customers can choose when to operate their DriveMod-powered vehicles
autonomously and when to have human operators operate the vehicles manually or remotely based on their own business needs. When combined,
these capabilities and tools make up the Cyngn Insight intelligent control center that enables flexible fleet management from any location. 

Figure
6: An operator uses the Cyngn Insight control center to operate vehicles remotely 

Cyngn
Insight s tool suite includes configurable cloud dashboards that aggregate diverse data streams at several levels of granularity
(i.e., site, fleet, vehicle, module, and component). We can collect data during open loop vehicle operation, meaning that
the vehicles can be operated manually while still collecting the rich data enabled by the advanced on-vehicle sensors and computers.
Data can be used for predictive maintenance, operational improvements, educating employees on digital transformation and more. For
example, use cases for performance management analytics driven by automation have experienced productivity increases of 20 70 
according to studies by Deloitte and McKinsey (source: MHI Deloitte Industry report: Industry 4.0: Reimagining Manufacturing Operations
after COVID 19). 

Cyngn
Evolve: Data Optimization Tools 

Cyngn
Evolve is our internal tool suite that underpins the relationship between AVs and data. Through a unifying cloud-based data infrastructure,
our proprietary data tools strengthen the positive network effects derived from the valuable new data created by AVs. Cyngn Evolve and
its data pipelines facilitate AI/ML training and deployment, manage data sets, and support driving simulation and grading to test and
validate new DriveMod releases, using both real-world and simulated data. 

Figure
7: The Cyngn AnyDrive simulation is part of the Cyngn Evolve toolchain. The simulation environment creates a digital version
of the physical world. This allows for customer data sets to be leveraged and augmented to achieve testing and validation prior to releasing
new AV features. 

9 

As
AV technology expertise matures globally, there may be opportunities to monetize the sophisticated AV-centric tools of Cyngn Evolve.
Currently, we believe that AV development is confined to small groups of experts. Therefore, Cyngn Evolve is currently an internal EAS
tool that we use to advance DriveMod and Cyngn Insight, our customer-facing EAS products. 

Our
Strategy 

360 
Sales and Marketing 

We
are building a go-to-market ecosystem that we believe will be highly leveraged by using our partners as the foundation of our growth
strategy. We will utilize these relationships to generate and cultivate customer demand, acquire new customers, and deliver additional
services to our customers. 

Key
elements of our market entry and expansion roadmap include: 

Focus:
manufacturing and distribution material handling vehicles 

Manufacturing
and distribution applications require the shortest timeline for deployment due to the common use of material handling vehicles in these
environments and the commercial availability of our DriveMod Stockchaser solution. Manufacturing is expected to account for 52 of new
material handling machinery demand by 2023, according to findings by Freedonia Focus Reports. We have already deployed DriveMod -powered
industrial vehicles at multiple manufacturing and distribution facilities. These vehicles were previously deployed as prototypes or as
a part of proof-of-concept project. Of these past deployments, one was paid. Future deployments will primarily be commercial deployments
with limited prototype or proof-of-concept deployments that may be engaged opportunistically for strategic value. 

Broaden:
address other industrial vehicle use cases 

The
industries that utilize material transport vehicles share trends, challenges, and opportunities. DriveMod has been architected to be
vehicle agnostic and allow for efficient expansion to industries such as mining, construction, yard operations, and agriculture. 

Expand:
develop autonomous vehicle technologies across other sectors 

According
to a CB Insights report, 33 Industries Other Than Auto That Driverless Cars Could Turn Upside Down, autonomous vehicle
technology brings value to at least 33 industries. Because our core autonomous technology is universal, the Company has an opportunity
to generate revenue across a variety of industries. We believe that developing the sales and marketing infrastructure to access these
markets is an essential aspect of driving growth in these areas. 

Revenue
Sources 

We
anticipate that our technology will generate revenue through three main methods: deployment, EAS subscriptions, and DriveMod customization. 

Deployment 

Deploying
our EAS requires us and our integration partners to work with a new client to map the job site, gather data, and install our AV technology
within their fleet and site. New deployments yield project-based revenues that are assessed based on the scope of the deployment.
Our major collaborators in this area are our OEM partners, and we can reinforce our deployment capability with integration and services
from third party partners. Working directly with our OEM partners as well as with third party experts ensures that we can deploy our
technology globally and at scale. 

10 

EAS
Subscription 

According
to ABI Research, the cloud robotics opportunity will grow from 3.3 billion in 2019 to 157.8 billion in 2030, accounting for
30 of the robotic industry s total worth (source: Cloud Robotics Market Predicted to Grow to 157.8 billion by 2030, article by
Robotics Automation News). Sustained revenue growth will come largely from ongoing subscription revenues that enable companies
to tap into an ever-expanding suite of AV and AI capabilities as organizations transition into full industrial autonomy. 

Industrial
operations are extremely rich with data. However, we believe this data is still being put to limited use, especially as it pertains to
equipment transport and autonomy performance. EAS creates a foundation for extracting new and valuable enterprise data insights by the
nature of the advanced sensors, electronic control units, and connectivity that supports DriveMod s functionality. We can monetize
the data insights in a variety of ways by offering configurable cloud dashboards for fleet/asset management, operational performance
data, and predictive analytics to customers. In parallel, exposing this fleet and vehicle data will be a boon for our OEM partners as
they evolve to optimize their product roadmaps and better integrate our technology to serve the future needs of industrial autonomy. 

DriveMod
Customization and Non-Recurring Engineering NRE 

DriveMod s
capability as an AV software stack will continue to expand in several dimensions most notably, in the number of vehicles that DriveMod
can operate autonomously and the maneuvers that a DriveMod-powered vehicle can execute. Targeting DriveMod to operate new vehicle types
autonomously as well as the expansion of autonomous maneuvers that can be executed by DriveMod are both customizations that may generate
revenues from OEMs or end customers through NRE contracts. New customizations yield project-based revenues that are assessed based
on the scope of the deployment. This revenue stream is substantiated by the commercial contract that was entered into with an end customer
for deploying DriveMod on electric forklifts. 

Go-to-market 

Our
go-to-market strategy hinges on strategic collaboration and is based on a set of three basic principles: 

Collaborate
with industrial vehicle OEMs 

Land
 expand with end customers 

Partner
instead of compete on adjacent enabling technology 

Collaborate
 industrial vehicle OEMs 

Our
focus is on acquiring new customers who are either (a) looking to embed our technology into their vehicle products or (b) upsell their
existing clients with our vehicle retrofits. We follow a named account coverage approach. After establishing a customer relationship
with an OEM, we seek to embed our technology into their product roadmap and expand our services to their many clients. We believe this
category represents a substantial opportunity to generate revenue as a single relationship with an OEM can lead to revenue opportunities
across the entire marketplace. For example, our partner, Columbia Vehicle Group with whom we have partnered through a non-binding memorandum
of understanding, provides over 70 years of vehicle manufacturing experience and customer insight. 

Land
 expand end customers 

Our
go-to-market strategy is to acquire new customers that use industrial vehicles in their mission-critical operations. We pursue
this strategy by being hyper-focused on building a robust pipeline of prospective customers land and utilizing strategic
sales channels that will result in coordinated opportunities to accelerate growth expand ). Our archetypal customers are
corporations that deploy fleets of heterogeneous industrial vehicles across many sites. DriveMod s flexibility is intertwined with
the wide-ranging applicability of our EAS and creates the unique leveraged opportunity of expanding across vehicles and sites with
these major customers. After an initial win for a first AV deployment with a customer, we can expand within the site to additional vehicle
platforms, then expand the use of similar vehicles to other sites operated by the customer and finally repeat across new vehicles and
sites. 

Partner
instead of compete technology 

The
scaling of Industrial Autonomy will benefit from an ecosystem made up of different enabling technologies and services, such as hardware
manufacturing, connectivity, Internet of Things IoT ), and digital integration. Rather than trying to compete with other
technology suppliers, we intend to rely on our strategic collaborations that give both partners access to new markets and capabilities.
For example, partners like Arilou, Symboticware, and Airbiquity respectively provide complementary solutions in technologies like cyber
security, digital asset management, and connectivity. These collaborative partnerships are established through mutually beneficial, non-binding memorandums
of understanding or partnering agreements for the purpose of joint go-to-market efforts. 

11 

Our
Technology 

Autonomous
vehicles must integrate a suite of technologies to generate operational value. Our core competencies are in DriveMod, the on-vehicle AV
technology stack that is underpinned by AI and robotics expertise and paramount to enabling autonomous mobility. With Cyngn Insight,
EAS integrates analytics, visual dashboards, connectivity, cloud services, and other traditional software systems that allow customers
to interact with and extract insights out of our advanced AV technology. 

Mapping
 localization 

Our
proprietary system design abstracts mapping and localization data so that DriveMod can use a variety of high-accuracy solutions
to create the optimal mapping and localization system for the given environment. Our mapping and localization system distills sensor
data into contextually rich representations of the physical world and extracts common insights like required stops and navigation boundaries.
These common insights help to create consistent AV operation across diverse sites, enabling our AVs to navigate both indoor and outdoor. 

Perception 

Granular,
efficient perception forms the basis of advanced AVs. Perception is one of the most complex sub-systems, requiring specialized data infrastructure
and engineering expertise in AI/ML and high-performance computing. We have built a modular sensor fusion pipeline that runs on a
low compute footprint and creates the flexibility to customize our perception stack according to application requirements. Our perception
architecture streamlines DriveMod deployments on new vehicles. Our approach addresses common industry challenges like integrating different
sensor modalities and accounting for different sensor mounting positions. We have now integrated DriveMod into more than ten different
vehicle platforms, utilizing various combinations of Light Detecting and Ranging LiDAR ), camera, radar, ultrasonic,
and positioning sensors. 

Path
planning 

Our
system s ability to react and adjust to real-time changes creates a more efficient workflow than basic automation solutions
that can only stop/go along a rigid path and require constant human hand-holding. The Cyngn path planning system provides thousands of
trajectory candidates per second, enabling more complex paths to be navigated that may include advanced behavior like carefully nudging
around obstacles or negotiating intersections. 

Decision
making 

The
Cyngn decision engine holds the logic and decision-making rules that govern driving behavior. The decision engine pulls together
insights from mapping, perception, and path planning to enable more complex vehicle maneuvers and automated conflict resolution. The
system is extensible to introduce new capabilities with logic that is designed to achieve a high level of abstraction, which enables
us to adopt new driving behaviors. 

Actuation 

A
subsystem of our software stack, Cyngn-by-Wire CbW ), addresses the basic requirements of mechanical vehicle components
that must be met for DriveMod to make a vehicle operate autonomously. Legacy electronic control units ECU that do not
use Drive-by-Wire DbW technology that enables software commands to electronically control vehicle actuation typically
create a hurdle for integrating AV technology. CbW addresses this issue by decoupling the hardware and software components of DbW systems.
For vehicles with legacy ECU s, CbW allows customers to replace existing ECUs with DbW hardware that can be tuned to meet the needs
of the selected vehicle platform using CbW software. When vehicles have DbW ECUs already installed, the CbW software layer is configured
and applied without the need for replacing the hardware. Thus, CbW enables AV actuation across vehicle fleets with varying levels of
vehicle age and sophistication. 

12 

Competitive
Environment 

There
is an increasing demand for autonomous vehicle solutions in an effort to increase safety, improve efficiency, and enhance productivity
to meet the goals set out by Industry 4.0. Autonomous vehicles are an enabling technology that gives us the opportunity to add more value
to customers. 

For
Industry 4.0 markets, the global management consulting firm McKinsey Company has published reports indicating that the upswing
in adoption will be dependent on the ability for technology to provide companies with solutions that give customers a pathway that balances
cost constraints with short-term resilience and long-term growth (source: Industry 4.0: Reimagining manufacturing operations
after COVID 19, by McKinsey Company). As market participants develop their Industry 4.0 roadmap, technology partners
that have an ability to adapt features to their changing needs will be required. As a result, we believe there will continue to be a
need for technology companies to help push the industry 4.0 markets forward. 

The
market for automated vehicle solutions is burgeoning, and the advanced technology required to enable autonomous solutions in industrial
environments is still developing. As a result, we face competition from a range of companies seeking to develop autonomous vehicle solutions.
These competitors include traditional industrial vehicle manufacturers (such as Crown Equipment s automated forklifts) robotics
providers (such Locus Robotics for stock picking AMRs or SeeGrid for pallet and tow AMRs), and software companies (such as Brain Corp
for floor scrubbers or Oxbotica for people and goods transport), as well as large corporate competitors that provide a broad range of
software, service, and logistics solutions across many markets. These competitors are also working to advance technology, reliability,
and innovation in their development of new and improved solutions. 

We
will continue to face competition from existing competitors and new companies entering the industrial autonomy landscape. Many of our
competitors either have technical or strategic barriers that limit their product offerings to specific deployment environments, operations
protocols, or vehicle form factors. It is our belief that it will take a substantial period of time to develop features that satisfy
the dynamic needs of industry customers. Additionally, larger corporate competitors are likely to encounter roadblocks due to competitive
overlap with end customers, limiting their ability to address the needs of the broader industrial market. With specific regard to manufacturing
and distribution, a number of competitors have already begun to deploy products, but we believe the benefits stemming from our modular
software-centric approach, technical expertise in the area of autonomous vehicles, and the ubiquitous applicability of EAS gives
us the potential to displace current offerings and capture a significant share of this rapidly growing market. 

Governmental
and Environmental Regulations 

Regulatory
considerations contribute to our current strategic position that targets enterprise customers with operations mostly confined to private
property. This decreases our exposure to regulations, which mitigates some deployment risks. Typically, we will satisfy regulatory requirements
by adhering to the protocols of the site operator (the end customer). 

The
regulatory environment for autonomous industrial vehicles is still being developed. In 2016, the United States Department of Transportation USDoT issued regulations that require the submission of documentation covering specific topics related to autonomy and
government regulators, but these regulations are targeted towards road vehicles. As the autonomous industrial vehicle regulatory environment
continues to develop, it will be imperative not only to comply with applicable standards but to be an active participant in the development
of new standards. Outside of government standards, third party organizations, industrial workplace advocates, and industry groups have
and will continue to impose self-regulatory standards. In certain cases, these standards may be contractually applicable to our
systems, products, and operations. Thus, we expect and prepare to comply with various standards, including Occupational Safety and Health
Administration OSHA ), International Organization for Standardization ISO ), International Electrotechnical
Commission IEC ), or American National Standards Institute ANSI on a case-by-case basis. 

13 

U.S.
and international regulations related to data privacy are also of great importance to our company s products, operations, and culture.
Like the autonomous vehicle regulatory environment, the regulatory framework for data privacy, protection, and security worldwide is
continuously evolving and developing. As a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to
remain fluid for the foreseeable future. As our company expands its operations, the collection, use, and protection of any and all data
assets will be internally scrutinized to ensure compliance with this changing landscape. 

Decreasing
the environmental impact of industrial vehicles is a high priority. Research has shown that equipment utilization rate, configuration,
and operational consistency have a strong effect on the emissions released by industrial vehicle equipment (Source: Journal of the Air
 Waste Management Association). A key focus of Cyngn s EAS will be working to minimize the environmental impact of industrial
vehicles through new data insights that can contribute to more sustainable practices. Our historic vehicle platforms have primarily been
electric vehicles EV ). While electric drivetrains are not a requirement for DriveMod s technology, EVs are often
an application requirement since the vehicles operate alongside humans in enclosed spaces. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
ability to drive impact and growth within the autonomous industrial vehicle market largely depends on our ability to obtain, maintain,
and protect our intellectual property and all other property rights related to our products and technology. To accomplish this, we utilize
a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets as well as employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements,
licenses, and other contractual obligations. In addition to protecting our intellectual property and other assets, our success also depends
on our ability to develop our technology and operate without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the intellectual property
and property rights of third parties, customers, and partners. 

Our
software stack has over 30 subsystems, including those designed for perception, mapping localization, decision making, planning,
and control. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have 3 granted patents and 19 pending patent applications, and expect to continue
to file additional patent applications with respect to our technology in the future. 

Human
Capital Resources 

Our
team is composed of energetic, motivated and highly experienced visionaries. They include machine vision, AI, and autonomous software
engineers from the greatest universities in the world. Together with a highly talented and skilled support team, we solve real-world industrial
applications in autonomy. As of the date of this Annual Report, we had 66 full-time employees. The majority of our employees are based
in Silicon Valley, California. 

Our
core values include focus on impact, display curiosity, communicate proactively, apply good judgment, and demonstrate selflessness. We
believe these values encourage innovation and a team-oriented culture. Our employees have access to a wide range of training, different
career paths, and, most importantly, challenging and purposeful work. Our culture is also built on diversity, inclusion, camaraderie,
and celebration. We organize regular team building activities and public recognition forums to celebrate our diversity and invest in
strong relationships. 

In
addition to a positive culture and career development, we offer a robust benefits package. This package includes a flexible vacation
policy, access to a 401(k) plan, premier health plan options and numerous voluntary benefits for employees and their dependents. 

14 

Corporate
Information 

The
Company was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware on February 1, 2013, under the name Cyanogen, Inc. or Cyanogen. The Company
started as a venture funded company with offices in Seattle and Palo Alto, aimed at commercializing CyanogenMod, direct to consumer and
through collaborations with mobile phone manufacturers. CyanogenMod was an open-source operating system for mobile devices, based
on the Android mobile platform. 

Between
2013 and 2015, Cyanogen released multiple versions of its mobile operating system, and collaborated with an ecosystem of companies including
mobile phone OEMs, content providers and leading technology partners. 

In
2016 the Company s management and board of directors, determined to pivot its product focus and commercial direction from the mobile
device and telecom space to industrial and commercial autonomous driving. In May 2017, the Company changed its name to Cyngn Inc. 

Available
Information 

Our
common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq under the symbol CYN . We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements
and other information with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These filings are available to the public
on the Internet at the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. 

Our
principal business address is 1015 O Brien Dr., Menlo Park, CA 94025. We maintain our corporate website at https://cyngn.com
 (this website address is not intended to function as a hyperlink and the information contained on our website is not intended
to be a part of this Annual Report ). We make available free of charge on https://investors.cyngn.com/ our annual, quarterly, and
current reports, and amendments to those reports if any, as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with,
or furnish it to, the SEC. We may from time to time provide important disclosures to investors by posting them in the Investor Relations
section of our website. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Related to Our Technology, Business, and Industry 

Autonomous
driving is an emerging technology and involves significant risks and uncertainties. 

We
develop and deploy a suite of autonomous driving software products that are compatible with existing sensors and hardware to enable autonomous
driving on industrial vehicle platforms manufactured and designed by OEMs and other third-party industrial vehicle suppliers. Our
autonomous driving technology is highly dependent on internally developed software, as well as on partnerships with third parties such
as industrial OEMs and other suppliers. 

We
partner with OEMs that are seeking to manufacture purpose-built industrial vehicles capable of incorporating our autonomous driving
technology. The collaborative partnerships are established through mutually beneficial, non-binding memorandums of understanding
or partnership agreements for the purpose of joint go-to-market efforts. In addition to OEMs, we depend on other third parties to
produce hardware components, and, in some cases adjacent software solutions, that support our core suite of autonomous driving software
products and tools. The timely development and performance of our autonomous driving programs is dependent on the materials, cooperation,
and quality delivered by these partners. Further, we do not control the initial design of the industrial vehicles we work with and
therefore have limited influence over the production and design of systems for braking, gear shifting, and steering. There can be no
assurance that these systems and supporting technologies can be developed and validated at the high reliability standard required for
deployment of autonomous industrial vehicles using our technology in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our dependence on these
relationships exposes us to the risk that components manufactured by OEMs or other suppliers could contain defects that would cause our
autonomous driving technology not to operate as intended. 

15 

Our
autonomous driving technology is currently available as a private beta release, during which phase, we will prepare for scaled commercialization
in 2024. Although we believe that our algorithms, data analysis and processing, and artificial intelligence technology are promising,
we cannot assure you that our technology will achieve the necessary reliability for scaled commercialization of autonomous industrial
vehicles. For example, we are still improving our technology in terms of handling edge cases, unique environments, and discrete
objects. There can be no assurance that our data analytics and artificial intelligence could predict every single potential issue that
may arise during the operation of an autonomous industrial vehicle utilizing our autonomous vehicle technology. Furthermore, the release
and adoption of EAS and our other technologies and products may not be successful and may take longer than anticipated. If the development
of EAS and our other technologies and products is delayed or customers do not adopt and buy our solutions to the extent we anticipate,
our business and operating results will be adversely impacted. 

We
have a limited operating history in a new market and face significant challenges as our industry is rapidly evolving. 

You
should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and challenges we face as a new entrant into a novel industry, including,
among other things, with respect to our ability to: 

design,
integrate, and deploy safe, reliable, and quality autonomous vehicle software products and tools for industrial vehicles with our partners
on an ongoing basis; 

navigate
an evolving and complex regulatory environment; 

successfully
produce with OEM partners a line of purpose-built autonomous industrial vehicles on the timeline we estimate; 

improve
and enhance our software and autonomous technology; 

establish
and expand our customer base; 

successfully
market our autonomous driving solutions and our other products and services; 

properly
price our products and services; 

improve
and maintain our operational efficiency; 

maintain
a reliable, secure, high-performance, and scalable technology infrastructure; 

attract,
retain, and motivate talented employees; 

anticipate
and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and changes in competitive landscape; and 

build
a well-recognized and respected brand. 

If
we fail to address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and adversely affected. There are also a
number of additional challenges to the execution and adoption of autonomous vehicle technology in industrial markets, many of which are
not within our control, including market acceptance of autonomous driving, governmental licensing requirements, concerns regarding data
security and privacy, actual and threatened litigation (whether or not a judgment is rendered against us), and the general perception
that an autonomous vehicle is not safe because there is no human driver. There can be no assurance that the market will accept our technology,
in which case our future business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The
autonomous industrial vehicle industry is in its early stages and is rapidly evolving. Our autonomous driving technology has not yet
been commercialized at scale. We cannot assure you that we will be able to adjust to changing market or regulatory conditions quickly
or cost-effectively. If we fail to do so, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

16 

Our
business model has yet to be tested and any failure to commercialize our strategic plans would have an adverse effect on our operating
results and business. 

Investors
should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by a relatively new enterprise that is beginning to scale its business, many
of which are beyond our control, including unknown future challenges and opportunities, substantial risks and expenses in the course
of entering new markets and undertaking marketing activities. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of these risks,
expenses, complications, delays, and the competitive environment in which we operate. There is, therefore, substantial uncertainty that
our business plan will prove successful, and we may not be able to generate significant revenue, raise additional capital, or operate
profitably. We will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early commercial stage companies, including
securing market acceptance for our product and service offerings, scaling up our infrastructure and headcount. We may encounter unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, or delays in connection with our growth. In addition, as a result of the capital-intensive nature of our
business, we can be expected to continue to sustain substantial operating expenses without generating sufficient revenue to cover expenditures.
Any investment in our company is therefore highly speculative and could result in the loss of your entire investment. 

Our
future business depends in large part on our ability to continue to develop and successfully commercialize our suite of software products
and tools. Our ability to develop, deliver, and commercialize at scale our technology to support or perform autonomous operation of industrial
vehicles is still unproven. 

Our
technology suite is currently available as a private beta release which will need to be continually developed and enhanced for scaled
commercialization. Our continued enhancement of our autonomous driving technology is and will be subject to risks, including with respect
to: 

our
ability to continue to enhance our data analytics and software technology; 

designing,
developing, and securing necessary components on acceptable terms and in a timely manner; 

our
ability to attract and retain customers; 

our
ability to pay for research and development costs; 

our
ability to attract, recruit, hire, and train skilled employees; 

our
ability to fund the development and commercialization of our technology; and 

our
ability to enter into strategic relationships with key members in the industrial vehicles and industrial automation industries and component
suppliers. 

We
operate in a highly competitive market and will face competition from both established competitors and new market entrants. 

The
market for autonomous industrial vehicles and industrial automation solutions is highly competitive. Many companies are seeking to develop
autonomous driving and delivery solutions. Competition in these markets is based primarily on technology, innovation, quality, safety,
reputation, and price. Our future success will depend on our ability to further develop and protect our technology in a timely manner
and to stay ahead of existing and new competitors. Our competitors in this market are working towards commercializing autonomous driving
technology and may have substantial financial, marketing, research and development, and other resources. 

In
addition, we also face competition from traditional industrial vehicle and solution companies. Traditional vehicle and solution providers
operating with human drivers are still the predominant operators in the market. Because of the long history of such traditional companies
serving our potential customers and industries, there may be many constituencies in the market that would resist a shift towards autonomous
industrial vehicles, which could include lobbying and marketing campaigns, particularly because our technology will displace machine
operators and drivers. 

In
addition, the market leaders in our target industries, such as Industrial Material Handling IMH may start, or have already
started, pursuing large scale deployment of autonomous industrial vehicle technology on their own. These companies may have more operational
and financial resources than we do. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to effectively compete with them. 

We
may also face competition from component suppliers and other technology and industrial solution companies if they decide to expand vertically
and develop their own autonomous industrial vehicles, some of whom have significantly greater resources than we do. We do not know how
close these competitors are to commercializing autonomous driving systems. 

Many
established and new market participants have entered or have announced plans to enter the autonomous industrial vehicle market. Most
of these participants have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, and other resources than we do and may be able
to devote greater resources to the design, development, manufacturing, distribution, promotion, sale, and support of their products.
If existing competitors or new entrants commercialize earlier than expected, our competitive advantage could be adversely affected. 

17 

Business
collaboration with third parties is subject to risks and these relationships may not lead to significant revenue. 

Strategic
business relationships are and will continue to be an important factor in the growth and success of our business. We have alliances and
partnerships, through mutually beneficial non-binding memoranda of understanding or partnering arrangements with other companies
in the industrial equipment, automation and automotive industries to help us in our efforts to continue to enhance our technology, commercialize
our solutions, and drive market acceptance. 

Collaboration
with these third parties is subject to risks, some of which are outside our control. For example, certain agreements with our partners
grant our partner or us the right to terminate such agreements for cause or without cause. If any of our collaborations with third parties
are terminated, it may delay or prevent our efforts to deploy our software products and tools on purpose-built autonomous industrial
vehicles at scale. In addition, such agreements may contain certain exclusivity provisions which, if triggered, could preclude us from
working with other businesses with superior technology or with whom we may prefer to partner with for other reasons. We could experience
delays to the extent our partners do not meet agreed upon timelines or experience capacity constraints. We could also experience disagreement
in budget or funding for joint development projects. There is also a risk of other potential disputes with partners in the future, including
with respect to intellectual property rights. Our ability to successfully commercialize could also be adversely affected by perceptions
about the quality of our or our partners vehicles or products. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 

Losses
for the foreseeable future. 

We
incurred net losses of 19.2 million and 7.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. We have
not recognized a material amount of revenue to date, and we had accumulated deficit of 135.7 million and 116.5 million as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We have developed and tested our autonomous driving technology but there can be no assurance
that it will be commercially successful at scale. Our potential profitability is dependent upon a number of factors, many of which are
beyond our control. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the value of our business and common stock may significantly
decrease. 

We
expect the rate at which we will incur losses to be significantly higher in future periods as we: 

design,
develop, and deploy our autonomous vehicle software products and tools on industrial vehicle platforms with OEM partners and end customers. 

seek
to achieve and commercialize deployments of level 4 autonomy for industrial vehicles; 

seek
to expand our commercial deployments, on a nationwide basis in the United States and internationally; 

expand
our design, development, maintenance, and repair capabilities; 

respond
to competition in the autonomous driving market and from traditional industrial solution providers; 

respond
to evolving regulatory developments in the nascent autonomous industrial vehicle and industrial automation markets; 

increase
our sales and marketing activities; and 

increase
our general and administrative functions to support our growing operations and for being a public reporting company. 

Because
we will incur the costs and expenses from these efforts before we receive any incremental revenue, our losses in future periods will
be significant. In addition, we may find that these efforts are more expensive than we currently anticipate or that these efforts may
not result in revenue, which would further increase our losses. In particular, we expect to incur substantial and potentially increasing
research and development R D costs as we continue to develop and enhance EAS and other technology and products for
commercialization. While our R D costs were 9.5 million and 5.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, and are likely to grow in the future, we have minimal recurring revenues. Further, because we account for R D as an
operating expense, these expenditures will adversely affect our results of operations in the future. Our R D program may not produce
successful results, and our new products may not achieve market acceptance, create additional revenue, or become profitable. 

18 

We
have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. 

We
were founded in 2013. As a result of our limited operating history, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations
is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth. Our historical performance
should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, in future periods, our revenue growth could fluctuate for a number
of reasons, including shifts in our offering and revenue mix, slowing demand for our offering, increasing competition, decreased effectiveness
of our sales and marketing organization, and our sales and marketing efforts to acquire new customers, failure to retain existing customers,
changing technology, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, or our failure, for any reason, to continue to take advantage of
growth opportunities. We anticipate that we will encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly
changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report. 

If
our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. 

We
expect fluctuations in our financial results making it difficult to project future results. 

Our
results of operations may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result,
our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect
our results of operations include the following: 

changes
in our revenue mix and related changes in revenue recognition; 

changes
in actual and anticipated growth rates of our revenue, customers, and key operating metrics; 

fluctuations
in demand for or pricing of our offering; 

our
ability to attract new customers; 

our
ability to retain our existing customers, particularly large customers; 

customers
and potential customers opting for alternative products, including developing their own in-house solutions; 

investments
in new offerings, features, and functionality; 

fluctuations
or delays in development, release, or adoption of new features and functionality for our offering; 

delays
in closing sales which may result in revenue being pushed into the next quarter; 

changes
in customers budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions; 

our
ability to control costs; 

the
amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses; 

timing
of hiring personnel for our research and development and sales and marketing organizations; 

the
amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, educating, and integrating new employees and retaining and motivating existing
employees; 

the
effects of acquisitions and their integration; 

general
economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions specifically affecting industries in which
our customers participate; 

the
impact of new accounting pronouncements; 

19 

changes
in revenue recognition policies that impact our technology license revenue; 

changes
in regulatory or legal environments that may cause us to incur, among other things, expenses associated with compliance; 

the
impact of changes in tax laws or judicial or regulatory interpretations of tax laws, which are recorded in the period such laws are enacted
or interpretations are issued and may significantly affect the effective tax rate of that period; 

health
epidemics or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

changes
in the competitive dynamics of our market, including consolidation among competitors or customers; and 

significant
security breaches of, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our offering. 

Any
of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our results of operations to vary significantly.
If our quarterly results of operations fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our stock, the price
of our common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. 

We
may need to raise additional funds and these funds may not be available to us on attractive terms when we need them, or at all. 

The
commercialization of autonomous vehicles is capital intensive. This includes autonomous industrial vehicles outfitted with our technology
and purpose-built autonomous industrial vehicles manufactured by OEMs we intend to partner with. To date, we have financed our operations
primarily through the issuance of equity securities in private placements. We may need to raise additional capital to continue to fund
our commercialization activities, sales and marketing efforts, enhancement of our technology and to improve our liquidity position. Our
ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number of factors, including general market
volatility, investor acceptance of our business plan, regulatory requirements and the successful development of our autonomous technology.
These factors may make the timing, amount, terms, and conditions of such financing unattractive or unavailable to us. 

We
may raise these additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity related, or debt securities. To the extent that we raise additional
financing by issuing equity securities or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution, and to the
extent we engage in debt financing, we may become subject to restrictive covenants that could limit our flexibility in conducting future
business activities. Financial institutions may request credit enhancement such as third-party guarantee and pledge of equity interest
in order to extend loans to us. We cannot be certain that additional funds will be available to us on attractive terms when required,
or at all. If we cannot raise additional funds when we need them, our financial condition, results of operations, business, and prospects
could be materially adversely affected. 

We
may be subject to risks associated with potential future acquisitions. 

Although
we have no current acquisition plans, if appropriate opportunities arise, we may acquire additional assets, products, technology or businesses
that are complementary to our existing business. Any future acquisitions and the subsequent integration of new assets and businesses
would require significant attention from our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which
in turn could have an adverse effect on our operations, and consequently our results of operations and financial condition. Acquired
assets or businesses may not generate the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of
cash, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, significant goodwill impairment charges, amortization expenses for other intangible
assets and exposure to potential unknown liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions
may be significant. 

Risks
Related to Our Business Operations 

Our
success depends largely on the continued services of our senior management team, technical engineers, and certain key employees. 

We
rely on our executive officers and key employees in the areas of business strategy, research and development, marketing, sales, services,
and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team or key employees resulting
from the hiring or departure of executives or key employees, which could disrupt our business. We do not maintain key-man insurance for
any member of our senior management team or any other employee. We do not have employment agreements with our executive officers or other
key personnel that require them to continue to work for us for any specified period and, therefore, they could terminate their employment
with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could have a serious adverse effect on our business. 

20 

To
execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense in the technology
industry, especially for engineers with high levels of experience in artificial intelligence and designing and developing autonomous
driving related algorithms. Furthermore, it can be difficult to recruit personnel from other geographies to relocate to our California
location. We may also need to recruit highly qualified technical engineers internationally and therefore subject us to the compliance
of relevant immigration laws and regulations. We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty
in hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel
have greater resources than we have and can offer more attractive compensation packages for new employees. If we hire employees from
competitors or other companies, their former employers may attempt to assert that these employees or our company have breached their
legal obligations, resulting in a diversion of our time and resources and potentially in litigation. In addition, job candidates and
existing employees often consider the value of the share incentive awards they receive in connection with their employment. If the perceived
value of our share awards declines, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. If we fail to
attract new personnel on a timely basis or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, we may not be able to commercialize and
then expand our solutions and services in a timely manner and our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of service, or adequately
address competitive challenges. 

We
expect to invest in our growth for the foreseeable future. Any growth in our business is expected to place a significant strain on not
only our managerial, administrative, operational, and financial resources, but also our infrastructure. We plan to continue to expand
our operations in the future. Our success will depend in part on our ability to manage this growth effectively and execute our business
plan. To manage the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial,
and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. 

We
rely heavily on information technology IT systems to manage critical business functions. To manage our growth effectively,
we must continue to improve and expand our infrastructure, including our IT, financial, and administrative systems and controls. In particular,
we may need to significantly expand our IT infrastructure as the amount of data we store and transmit increases over time, which will
require that we both utilize existing IT products and adopt new technology. If we are not able to scale our IT infrastructure in a cost-effective and
secure manner, our ability to offer competitive solutions will be harmed and our business, financial condition, and operating results
may suffer. 

We
must also continue to manage our employees, operations, finances, research and development, and capital investments efficiently. Our
productivity and the quality of our solutions may be adversely affected if we do not integrate and train our new employees quickly and
effectively or if we fail to appropriately coordinate across our executive, research and development, technology, service development,
analytics, finance, human resources, marketing, sales, operations, and customer support teams. As we continue to grow, we will incur
additional expenses, and our growth may continue to place a strain on our resources, infrastructure, and ability to maintain the quality
of our solutions. If we do not adapt to meet these evolving challenges, or if the current and future members of our management team do
not effectively manage our growth, the quality of our solutions may suffer and our corporate culture may be harmed. Failure to manage
our future growth effectively could cause our business to suffer, which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a publicly-traded company, interacting with public company investors, and complying
with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our
transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities
laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant
attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business,
which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

21 

We
may be subject to product liability or warranty claims that could result in significant direct or indirect costs, including reputational
harm, increased insurance premiums or the need to self-insure, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our
technology is used for autonomous driving, which presents the risk of significant injury, including fatalities. We may be subject to
claims if one of our or a customer s industrial vehicles is involved in an accident and persons are injured or purport to be injured
or if property is damaged. Any insurance that we carry may not be sufficient or it may not apply to all situations. If we experience
such an event or multiple events, our insurance premiums could increase significantly or insurance may not be available to us at all.
Further, if insurance is not available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we might need to self-insure. In addition, lawmakers
or governmental agencies could pass laws or adopt regulations that limit the use of autonomous driving or industrial automation technology
or increase liability associated with its use. Any of these events could adversely affect our brand, relationships with users, operating
results, or financial condition. 

If
our autonomous driving software fails to perform as expected our ability to market, sell or lease our autonomous driving software could
be harmed. 

Our
autonomous industrial vehicle software products and tools as well as the vehicles, sensors, and hardware they utilize and are deployed
on may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to perform as expected or require repair. For example, our autonomous
vehicle software will require modification and updates over the life of the vehicle it is deployed on. Software products are inherently
complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix
any defects in the industrial vehicles hardware or software prior to commencing user sales or during the life of the vehicle.
Autonomous industrial vehicles utilizing our suite of products and tools may not perform consistent with users expectations or
consistent with other vehicles that may become available. Any product defects or any other failure of our software, supportive hardware,
or deployment vehicle platform or to perform as expected could harm our reputation, result in adverse publicity, lost revenue, delivery
delays, product recalls, product liability claims, and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. 

If
we are unable to establish and maintain confidence in our long-term business prospects among users, securities and industry analysts,
and within our industries, or are subject to negative publicity, then our financial condition, operating results, business prospects,
and access to capital may suffer materially. 

Users
may be less likely to purchase or use our technology and the industrial vehicles it is deployed on if they are not convinced that our
business will succeed or that our service and support and other operations will continue in the long term. Similarly, suppliers and other
third parties will be less likely to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced
that our business will succeed. Accordingly, in order to build and maintain our business, we must maintain confidence among users, suppliers,
securities and industry analysts, and other parties in our long-term financial viability and business prospects. Maintaining such
confidence may be particularly complicated by certain factors including those that are largely outside of our control, such as our limited
operating history at scale, user unfamiliarity with our solutions, any delays in scaling manufacturing, delivery, and service operations
to meet demand, competition and uncertainty regarding the future of autonomous vehicles, and our performance compared with market expectations . 

Pandemics
and epidemics, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19 and subsequent variants, natural disasters, terrorist
activities, political unrest, and other manmade problems such as war could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows or liquidity. 

Our
business is vulnerable to damage or interruption from pandemics and epidemics, or outbreak of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19
and subsequent variants, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, political unrest, acts of war, including the current conflict between
Russia and Ukraine, and similar events. 

22 

The
COVID-19 pandemic as well as the recent inflation in the United States, and foreign and domestic government sanctions imposed on
Russia as a result of its recent invasion of Ukraine, has caused or may continue to result in extreme volatility and disruptions in the
capital and credit markets, which may adversely affect investor s confidence and, in turn may affect our ability to raise additional
capital. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
is evolving, and to date has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, travel restrictions
and other public health and safety measures. The effects of this outbreak on our business practices have included and could continue
to include temporary modifications to employee travel plans and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences,
and we may take further actions as required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees,
users, and business partners. In addition, the business and operations of our manufacturers, suppliers, and other business partners have
also been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and may be further adversely impacted in the future, which could result
in delays in our ability to commercialize our suite of autonomous vehicle software products and tools. 

The
extent to which COVID-19 will impact our, and those of our partners and potential users, business, results of operations, and
financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the
occurrence of a second wave, duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat
its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. Even if the COVID-19 outbreak
subsides, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of its global economic impact, including
any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future. 

Other
considerations related to the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine that may affect the Company include possible cyberattacks and
potential disruptions in the banking systems and capital market, as well as supply chain and increased costs and expenditures on domestic
and internationally-sourced materials and services. As an example, we engage third-party software development engineers who reside in
Russia. Due to the current conflict, we may experience an interruption in the services provided by these parties. 

We
are also vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities. Although we have servers that are hosted in an offsite location, our backup
system does not capture data on a real-time basis, and we may be unable to recover certain data in the event of a server failure.
We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to protect us from the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes,
power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any of the foregoing events
may give rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures, which could cause the
loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as adversely affect our ability to provide services. 

Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property, Information Technology and Data Privacy 

We
may become subject to litigation brought by third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other violation by us of their intellectual
property rights. 

The
industry in which our business operates is characterized by a large number of patents, some of which may be of questionable scope, validity
or enforceability, and some of which may appear to overlap with other issued patents. As a result, there is a significant amount of uncertainty
in the industry regarding patent protection and infringement. In recent years, there has been significant litigation globally involving
patents and other intellectual property rights. Third parties may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise
violated their intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition and as a public company, the possibility of intellectual
property rights claims against us grows. Such claims and litigation may involve one or more of our competitors focused on using their
patents and other intellectual property to obtain competitive advantage, or patent holding companies or other adverse intellectual property
rights holders who have no relevant product revenue, and therefore our own pending patents and other intellectual property rights may
provide little or no deterrence to these rights holders in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. There may be intellectual
property rights held by others, including issued or pending patents and trademarks, that cover significant aspects of our technologies
or business methods, and we cannot assure that we are not infringing or violating, and have not infringed or violated, any third-party intellectual
property rights or that we will not be held to have done so or be accused of doing so in the future. In addition, because patent applications
can take many years until the patents issue, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, which may later result in
issued patents that our products may infringe. We expect that in the future we may receive notices that claim we or our collaborators
have misappropriated or misused other parties intellectual property rights, particularly as the number of competitors in our market
grows. 

23 

To
defend ourselves against any intellectual property claims brought by third parties, whether with or without merits, can be time-consuming and
could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our resources. These claims and any resulting lawsuits, if resolved adversely to
us, could subject us to significant liability for damages, impose temporary or permanent injunctions against our products, technologies
or business operations, or invalidate or render unenforceable our intellectual property. 

If
our technology is determined to infringe a valid and enforceable patent, or if we wish to avoid potential intellectual property litigation
on any alleged infringement, misappropriation or other violation of third party intellectual property rights, we may be required to do
one or more of the following: (i) cease development, sales, or use of our products that incorporate or use the asserted intellectual
property right; (ii) obtain a license from the owner of the asserted intellectual property right, which may be unavailable on commercially
reasonable terms, or at all, or which may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to
the same technologies licensed to us; (iii) pay substantial royalties or other damages; or (iv) redesign our technology or
one or more aspects or systems of our autonomous industrial vehicles to avoid any infringement or allegations thereof. The aforementioned
options sometimes may not be commercially feasible. Additionally, in our ordinary course of business, we agree to indemnify our customers,
partners, and other commercial counterparties for any infringement arising out of their use of our intellectual property, along with
providing standard indemnification provisions, so we may face liability to our users, business partners or third parties for indemnification
or other remedies in the event that they are sued for infringement. 

We
may also in the future license third party technology or other intellectual property, and we may face claims that our use of such in-licensed technology
or other intellectual property infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of others. In such cases,
we will seek indemnification from our licensors. However, our rights to indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our
costs and losses. 

We
also may not be successful in any attempt to redesign our technology to avoid any alleged infringement. A successful claim of infringement
against us, or our failure or inability to develop and implement non-infringing technology, or license the infringed technology
on acceptable terms and on a timely basis, could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Furthermore, such
lawsuits, regardless of their success, would likely be time-consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert management s
time and attention from our business, which could seriously harm our business. Also, such lawsuits, regardless of their success, could
seriously harm our reputation with users and in the industry at large. 

Our
business may be adversely affected if we are unable to adequately establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property
and proprietary rights or prevent third parties from making unauthorized use of our technology and other intellectual property rights. 

Our
intellectual property is an essential asset of our business. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result
in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of our competitive advantage, and a decrease in our revenue
which would adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part,
on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, such
as patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secrets (including know-how), in addition to employee and third-party nondisclosure
agreements, intellectual property licenses, and other contractual rights, to establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our rights in
our technology, proprietary information, and processes. Intellectual property laws and our procedures and restrictions provide only
limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated.
If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, we may lose an important advantage in the markets in which we compete.
While we take measures to protect our intellectual property, such efforts may be insufficient or ineffective, and any of our intellectual
property rights may be challenged, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. Other parties
may also independently develop technologies that are substantially similar or superior to ours. We also may be forced to bring claims
against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual
property. However, the measures we take to protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective and
there can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products, services,
or technologies that are substantially similar or superior to ours and that compete with our business. 

24 

Litigation
may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Our efforts to enforce our
intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our
intellectual property. Any litigation initiated by us concerning the violation by third parties of our intellectual property rights is
likely to be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to the invalidation of, or render unenforceable, our intellectual property,
or could otherwise have negative consequences for us. Furthermore, it could result in a court or governmental agency invalidating or
rendering unenforceable our patents or other intellectual property rights upon which the suit is based. We will not be able to protect
our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property.
Our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion
of our management s attention and resources, could delay the introduction and implementation of new technologies, result in our
substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our products or injure our reputation. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of
our technologies, trade secrets, and intellectual property may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries
where the laws may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement
of intellectual property rights may be weak. If we fail to meaningfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property
and proprietary rights, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Changes
in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. 

There
are a number of recent changes to the patent laws that may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce
our intellectual property rights. For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the AIA enacted in September
2011, resulted in significant changes in patent legislation. An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16,
2013, the United States transitioned from a first-to-invent to a first-to-file system
for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming the
same invention. Under a first-to-file system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the
first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether another inventor
had made the invention earlier. A third party that files a patent application in the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we made the invention before
it was made by the third party. Circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our inventions. 

The
AIA also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent
litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures
to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter
partes review, and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary
standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in
a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate
the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate
our patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action.
The AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and
the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and prospects. 

Further,
the standards applied by the USPTO and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For
example, there is no uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable for business methods.
As such, we do not know the degree of future protection that we will have on our technologies, products, and services. While we will
endeavor to try to protect our technologies, products, and services with intellectual property rights such as patents, as appropriate,
the process of obtaining patents is time-consuming, expensive, and sometimes unpredictable. 

25 

Additionally,
the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, such as Impression Products, Inc. v. Lexmark International,
Inc., Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. and
Alice Corporation Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank International, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances
or weakening the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain
patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. 

Depending
on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable
ways that could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 

Our
patent applications may not issue as patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially
exploiting products similar to ours. 

We
cannot be certain that we are the first inventor of the subject matter to which we have filed a particular patent application, or if
we are the first party to file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application to the same subject matter
as we have, we may not be entitled to the protection sought by the patent application. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent
claims is often difficult to determine. As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will issue, or that
our issued patents will be broad enough to protect our proprietary rights or otherwise afford protection against competitors with similar
technology. In addition, the issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Our competitors
may challenge or seek to invalidate our issued patents, or design around our issued patents, which may adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition or operating results. Also, the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention
agreements, or other intellectual property rights may make aggressive enforcement impracticable. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting, maintaining, defending, and enforcing patents and other intellectual property rights on our product candidates in all countries
throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States
can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property
rights to the same extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from
practicing our inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions
in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained
patent protection or other intellectual property rights to develop their own products and may export otherwise infringing, misappropriating,
or violating products to territories where we have patent or other intellectual property protection, but enforcement rights are not as
strong as those in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property
rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of some countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, which could make it difficult
for us to stop the infringement, misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce
our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from
other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications
at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate,
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. 

Many
countries, including European Union countries, India, Japan, and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may
be compelled under specified circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of
patents against government agencies or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed
or if we are compelled to grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit
our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate
to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

26 

In
addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented proprietary technology, trade secrets, processes, and know-how. 

We
rely on proprietary information (such as trade secrets, know-how, and confidential information) to protect intellectual property
that may not be patentable, or that we believe is best protected by means that do not require public disclosure. We generally seek to
protect this proprietary information by entering into confidentiality agreements, or consulting, services, or employment agreements that
contain non-disclosure and non-use provisions with our employees, consultants, contractors, scientific advisors,
and third parties. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each party that has or may have had access
to our trade secrets or proprietary information and, even if entered into, these agreements may be breached or may otherwise fail to
prevent disclosure, third-party infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary information, may be limited as to their term
and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure or use of proprietary information. We have limited control
over the protection of trade secrets used by our third-party manufacturers and suppliers and could lose future trade secret protection
if any unauthorized disclosure of such information occurs. In addition, our proprietary information may otherwise become known or be
independently developed by our competitors or other third parties. To the extent that our employees, consultants, contractors, and other
third parties use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and
inventions. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights,
and failure to obtain or maintain protection for our proprietary information could adversely affect our competitive business position.
Furthermore, laws regarding trade secret rights in certain markets where we operate may afford little or no protection to our trade secrets.
If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have
no right to prevent them from using that trade secret to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed (whether lawfully
or otherwise) to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, it could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

We
also rely on physical and electronic security measures to protect our proprietary information, but we cannot guarantee that these security
measures provide adequate protection for such proprietary information or will never be breached. There is a risk that third parties may
obtain unauthorized access to and improperly utilize or disclose our proprietary information, which would harm our competitive advantages.
We may not be able to detect or prevent the unauthorized access to or use of our information by third parties, and we may not be able
to take appropriate and timely steps to mitigate the damages (or the damages may not be capable of being mitigated or remedied). 

We
utilize open-source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, technologies, products, and services in a
manner that could harm our business. 

We
use open-source software in our products and services and anticipate using open-source software in the future. We utilize a
distribution of the open-source Linux system, and tools such as ROS (open-source publish-subscribe tool) in the technical
stack. Professional open-source license scanning systems such as WhiteSource and ScanCode are used in both places. Both Continuous
Integration and Continuous Deployment CI/CD level open-source scan and overall system opensource scan is performed
to protect the systems and our intellectual property. In the event that our scanning and open-source check protocols fail, the Company
could be negatively affected Some open-source software licenses require those who distribute open-source software as part of
their own software products to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software product or to make available any modifications
or derivative works of the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. This could result in our proprietary software being
made available in the source code form and/or licensed to others under open-source licenses, which could allow our competitors or
other third parties to use our proprietary software freely without spending the development effort, and which could lead to a loss of
the competitive advantage of our proprietary technologies and, as a result, sales of our products and services. The terms of many open-source licenses
to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open-source software licenses
could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our products
or services or retain our ownership of our proprietary intellectual property. Additionally, we could face claims from third parties claiming
ownership of, or demanding release of, the open-source software or derivative works that we developed using such software, which
could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of, or alleging breach of, the applicable open-source license.
These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our proprietary software source code freely available, purchase
a costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid breach
of the applicable open-source software licenses or potential infringement. This re-engineering process could require us
to expend significant additional research and development resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful. 

27 

Additionally,
the use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors
generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. There is typically no support available for open-source software,
and we cannot ensure that the authors of such open-source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not
abandon further development and maintenance. Many of the risks associated with the use of open-source software, such as the lack
of warranties or assurances of title, non-infringement, or performance, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed,
negatively affect our business. We have processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from
our developers for the use of open-source software, but we cannot be sure that all open-source software is identified or submitted
for approval prior to use in our products and services. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed,
could adversely affect our ownership of proprietary intellectual property, the security of our vehicles, or our business, results of
operations, and financial condition. 

Unauthorized
control or manipulation of systems in autonomous industrial vehicles may cause them to operate improperly or not at all, or compromise
their safety and data security, which could result in loss of confidence in us and our products, cancellation of contracts with future
OEM or supplier partners. 

There
have been reports of vehicles of certain automotive OEMs being hacked to grant access to and operation of the vehicles
to unauthorized persons. Our autonomous vehicle software products and tools as well as the vehicles they are deployed on contain or will
contain complex IT systems and are designed with built-in data connectivity. We are in the process of and will continue implementing
security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems. However, hackers may attempt
to gain unauthorized access to modify, alter, and use such networks and systems to gain control of, or to change the functionality of
the autonomous industrial vehicles running our software, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to
data stored in or generated by our products. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently
and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that we will be able
to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these attacks. Any such security incidents could result in unexpected
control of or changes to the vehicles functionality and safe operation and could result in legal claims or proceedings and negative
publicity, which would negatively affect our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 

The
costs to comply with, or our actual or perceived failure to comply with, changing U.S. and foreign laws related to data privacy, security
and protection, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. 

In
operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit, and otherwise process employee,
partner, and customer data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. We use the electronic systems within the autonomous
industrial vehicles that log information about each industrial vehicle s use in order to aid us in vehicle diagnostics, repair,
and maintenance, as well as to help us collect data regarding operators use patterns and preference in order to help us customize
and optimize the driving and operating experiences. The integrated autonomous industrial vehicles leveraging our software products and
tools may also collect personal information of drivers, operators and passengers, such as a voice command of a person, in order to aid
the manual operation of our industrial vehicles. When our autonomy enabled industrial vehicles are in operation, the camera, LiDAR, and
other sensing components of the vehicles will collect site and route view, mapping data, landscape images, and other LiDAR information,
which may include personal information such as license plate numbers of other vehicles, facial features of pedestrians, appearance of
individuals, GPS data, geolocation data, in order train the data analytics and artificial intelligence technology equipped in our industrial
vehicles for the purpose of identifying different objects, and predicting potential issues that may arise during the operation of our
integrated industrial vehicles. 

28 

We
plan to utilize systems and applications that are spread over the globe, requiring us to regularly move data across national borders.
As a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, and other foreign jurisdictions as well as contractual
obligations, regarding data privacy, protection, and security. Some of these laws and regulations require obtaining data subjects 
consent to the collection and use of their data, honoring data subjects request to delete their data or limit the processing of
their data, providing notifications in the event of a data breach, and setting up the proper legal mechanisms for cross-border data
transfers. Some customers may refuse to provide consent to our collection and use of their personal information, or may restrict our
use of such personal information, and in some cases it is not feasible to obtain consent from data subjects in the general public whose
personal information may be captured by our autonomous industrial vehicles, all of which may hinder our ability to train our data analytics
and artificial intelligence technology, and may harm the competitiveness of our technology. In many cases, these laws and regulations
apply not only to the collection and processing of personal information from third parties with whom we do not have any contractual relationship,
but also to the sharing or transfer of information between or among us, our subsidiaries and other third parties with which we have commercial
relationships, such as our service providers, partners, and customers. The regulatory framework for data privacy, protection, and security
worldwide is continuously evolving and developing and, as a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices
are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. In particular, some of these laws and regulations may require us to store
certain categories of data collected from individuals residing in a jurisdiction only on servers physically located in such jurisdiction,
and may further require us to conduct security assessments and/or adopt other cross-border data transfer mechanisms in order to
transfer such data outside of such jurisdiction. With the continuously evolving and rapidly changing privacy regulatory regime, our ability
to freely transfer data among our affiliates and with our partners in different jurisdictions may be impeded, or we may need to incur
significant costs in order to comply with such requirements. In addition, the number of high-profile data breaches at major companies
continues to accelerate, which will likely lead to even greater regulatory scrutiny. 

The
scope and interpretation of the laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting,
particularly with respect to foreign laws. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), which became
effective in May 2018, greatly increased the European Commission s jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of
requirements for handling personal data with respect to EU data subjects. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have
enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations
and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines
of the EU member states and the United Kingdom governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions
on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer, and otherwise process personal data with respect to EU and UK data
subjects. In particular, the GDPR includes obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of individuals to whom the
personal data relates, the transfer of personal data out of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, security breach notifications
and the security and confidentiality of personal data. Among other stringent requirements, the GDPR restricts transfers of data outside
of the EU to third countries deemed to lack adequate privacy protections (such as the U.S.), unless an appropriate safeguard specified
by the GDPR is implemented. A July 16, 2020 decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated a key mechanism for
lawful data transfer to the U.S. and called into question the viability of its primary alternative. As such, the ability of companies
to lawfully transfer personal data from the EU to the U.S. is presently uncertain. Other countries have enacted or are considering enacting
similar cross-border data transfer rules or data localization requirements. These developments could limit our ability to launch
our products in the EU and other foreign markets. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4 of global annual revenue
or 20 million, whichever is greater. Such fines are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data subjects. Much remains
unknown with respect to how to interpret and implement the GDPR and guidance on implementation and compliance practices is often updated
or otherwise revised. Given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classification of data and our
commitment to a range of administrative, technical and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers outside of the EU
and the United Kingdom, our compliance with the GDPR s requirements will continue to require time, resources and review of the
technology and systems we use to satisfy the GDPR s requirements, including as EU member states enact their legislation. Further,
while the United Kingdom enacted the Data Protection Act 2018 in May 2018 that supplements the GDPR, and has publicly announced that
it will continue to regulate the protection of personal data in the same way post-Brexit, Brexit has created uncertainty with regard
to the future of regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom. 

29 

The
U.S. federal government and various states and governmental agencies also have adopted or are considering adopting various laws, regulations,
and standards regarding the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of sensitive and personal
information. In addition, many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information.
Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal
information than federal, international, or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance
efforts. State laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in Congress of a new federal data protection and privacy law to which
we would become subject if it is enacted. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that
are likely to increase over time, may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, and may divert resources from
other initiatives and projects. Furthermore, non-compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, or a major breach of our
network security and systems, could have serious negative consequences for our businesses and future prospects, including possible fines,
penalties, and damages, reduced customer demand for our products, and harm to our reputation and brand, all of which may have a material
and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We
make public statements about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policy, information provided on our website
and press statements. Also, we enter into contracts with third parties (such as our partners and clients) that contain provisions regarding
the collection, sharing, and processing of personal information. Although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation
as well as our contractual and other privacy-related obligations, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to
do so. The publication of our privacy policy and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security
can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices.
In addition, from time to time, concerns may be expressed about whether our products and services compromise the privacy of clients and
others. Any concerns about our data privacy and security practices (even if unfounded), or any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply
with our posted privacy policies, contractual obligations, or any legal or regulatory requirements, standards, certifications, or orders,
or other privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations applicable to us, could cause our clients to reduce their use
of our autonomous industrial vehicles and could affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation, and may result
in governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, criminal compliance orders, litigations, breach
of contract claims, or public statements against us by government regulatory authorities, our partners and/or clients, data subjects,
consumer advocacy groups, or others, all of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. 

Furthermore,
enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to
increase. Non-compliance could result in proceedings against us by data protection authorities, governmental entities or others,
including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments,
and negative publicity, and may otherwise affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. Given the complexity
of operationalizing the GDPR and other data privacy and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, the maturity level of
proposed compliance frameworks and the relative lack of guidance in the interpretation of the numerous requirements of the GDPR and other
data privacy and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory,
legislative, and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services
and/or increase our cost of doing business. In addition, if our practices are not consistent or viewed as not consistent with legal and
regulatory requirements, including changes in laws, regulations, and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing laws,
regulations and standards, we may become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
loss of export privileges, or severe criminal or civil sanctions, all of which may affect our financial condition, operating results,
and our reputation. Unauthorized access or disclosure of personal or other sensitive or confidential data of Company (including data
about third parties which the Company possesses), whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, or misappropriation, by
the Company, our service providers or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose, or if their
systems on which our data is stored experience any data breaches or security incidents) could also subject us to significant litigation,
monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. 

30 

Risks
Related to our Common Stock 

There
is no established trading market for our shares; further, our shares will be subject to potential delisting if we do not maintain the
listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Prior
to our initial public offering in October 2021, there was no public market for our shares of common stock. Although our common stock
began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October 20, 2021, there can be no assurance that an active trading market for these securities
will develop or be sustained. 

In addition, Nasdaq has rules for continued listing, including, without
limitation, minimum market capitalization and other requirements. Failure to maintain our listing, or de-listing from NASDAQ, would
make it more difficult for shareholders to dispose of our common stock and more difficult to obtain accurate price quotations on our common
stock. This could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Our ability to issue additional securities for financing or
other purposes, or otherwise to arrange for any financing we may need in the future, may also be materially and adversely affected if
our common stock is not traded on a national securities exchange. 

We
are not in compliance with The Nasdaq Capital Market 1.00 minimum
bid price requirement and failure to maintain compliance with this standard could result in delisting and adversely affect the market
price and liquidity of our common stock. 

Our common stock is currently traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under
the symbol CYN . If we fail to meet any of the continued listing standards of The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock
will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. These continued listing standards include specifically enumerated criteria, such as a
 1.00 minimum closing bid price. On December 15, 2022, we received a notification letter from The Nasdaq Stock Market advising that, for
30 consecutive business days preceding the notification letter, the Company did not meet the minimum 1.00 per share bid price requirement
for continued inclusion on The Nasdaq Capital Market pursuant to Nasdaq Marketplace Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). To demonstrate compliance
with this requirement, the closing bid price of our common stock needs to be at least 1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days before June 13, 2023. In order to satisfy this requirement, the Company intends
to continue actively monitoring the bid price for its common stock between now and June 13, 2023. and will consider available options
to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. 

While we intend to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain continued compliance with this rule or the other listing requirements of The
Nasdaq Capital Market. If we were unable to meet these requirements, we would receive another delisting notice from the Nasdaq Capital
Market for failure to comply with one or more of the continued listing requirements. If our common stock were to be delisted from The
Nasdaq Capital Market, trading of our common stock most likely will be conducted in the over-the-counter market on an electronic bulletin
board established for unlisted securities such as the OTC Markets or in the pink sheets. Such a downgrading in our listing
market may limit our ability to make a market in our common stock and which may impact purchases or sales of our securities. 

Costs
as a result of operating as a public company are significant, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance
with our public company responsibilities and corporate governance practices. 

As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that private companies do not incur, and we expect these
costs to further increase after we are no longer an emerging growth company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market, and other applicable securities rules
and regulations impose various requirements on public companies. Our management and other personnel will devote a substantial amount
of time to compliance with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs
we will incur as a public company or the specific timing of such costs. 

As
a result of being a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting,
and any failure to maintain the adequacy of these internal controls may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a
result, the value of our common stock. 

We
will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the fiscal year that coincides with the filing of our
second annual report on Form 10-K. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management
in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to
attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our first annual report required to be filed with the
SEC following the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. We have commenced the costly and time-consuming process
of compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404, and we may
not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion once initiated. Our compliance with
Section 404 will require that we incur substantial expenses and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal
audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge and compile the system and process documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section
404. 

31 

Our
current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. In addition,
changes in accounting principles or interpretations could also challenge our internal controls and require that we establish new business
processes, systems and controls to accommodate such changes. Additionally, if these new systems, controls or standards and the associated
process changes do not give rise to the benefits that we expect or do not operate as intended, it could adversely affect our financial
reporting systems and processes, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial reports or the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting. Moreover, our business may be harmed if we experience problems with any new systems and controls that result
in delays in their implementation or increased costs to correct any post-implementation issues that may arise. 

The
growth and expansion of our business places a continuous, significant strain on our operational and financial resources. Further growth
of our operations to support our customer base, our information technology systems and our internal controls and procedures may not be
adequate to support our operations. For example, we are still in the process of implementing information technology and accounting systems
to help manage critical functions such as billing and revenue recognition and financial forecasts. As we continue to grow, we may not
be able to successfully implement requisite improvements to these systems, controls and processes, such as system access and change management
controls, in a timely or efficient manner. Our failure to improve our systems and processes, or their failure to operate in the intended
manner, whether as a result of the growth of our business or otherwise, may result in our inability to accurately forecast our revenue
and expenses, or to prevent certain losses. Moreover, the failure of our systems and processes could undermine our ability to provide
accurate, timely and reliable reports on our financial and operating results and could impact the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting. In addition, our systems and processes may not prevent or detect all errors, omissions or fraud. 

Future
sales of our common stock in the public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.
Many of our existing equity holders have substantial unrecognized gains on the value of the equity they hold based upon the price of
our initial public offering, and therefore, they may take steps to sell their shares or otherwise secure the unrecognized gains on those
shares. We are unable to predict the timing of or the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. 

Our
stock price may be volatile, and the value of our common stock may decline. 

Prior
to our initial public offering in October 2021, there was no public market for our common stock. The lack of an active market
for our common stock may impair investors ability to sell their shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they
consider reasonable, may reduce the market value of their shares and may result in significant price and volume fluctuations. The market
price of our common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control,
including: 

actual
or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; 

variance
in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; 

changes
in the pricing of the solutions on our platforms; 

changes
in our projected operating and financial results; 

changes
in laws or regulations applicable to our technology; 

announcements
by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new offerings; 

sales
of shares of our common stock by us or our shareholders; 

significant
data breaches, disruptions to or other incidents involving our technology; 

our
involvement in litigation; 

future
sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders, as well as the anticipation of lock-up releases; 

changes
in senior management or key personnel; 

32 

the
trading volume of our common stock; 

changes
in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; 

general
economic and market conditions; and 

other
events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, global pandemics or responses to these events. 

Broad
market and industry fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact
the market price of our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the
past, companies who have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action
litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our
management s attention. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our business, the market
price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 

The
market price and trading volume of our common stock will be heavily influenced by the way analysts interpret our financial information
and other disclosures. We do not have control over these analysts. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry
analysts cease coverage of us, our stock price would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research
or reports about our business, downgrade our common stock, or publish negative reports about our business, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock
could decrease, which might cause our stock price to decline and could decrease the trading volume of our common stock. 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, if they choose to act together, have the ability and will continue to have
the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders (including entities affiliated with Benchmark), beneficially own approximately 52
 of our common stock. Such persons acting together, will have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted
to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and business affairs. This concentration of ownership may have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving
us, or discouraging a potential acquiror from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our business, even if
such a transaction would benefit other stockholders. 

Future
securities issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our common stock. 

Future
issuances of shares of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock and result in dilution to existing holders
of our common stock. Also, to the extent outstanding options and warrants to purchase our shares of our common stock are exercised or
options or other equity-based awards are issued or become vested, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial
depending upon the size of the issuances or exercises. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity securities that could have rights
senior to those of our common stock. 

We
anticipate that we will need to raise additional capital, and our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings,
acquisitions, investments, our equity incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 

We
expect to issue additional capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity
awards to employees, directors and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings
in the future. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies, products or technologies and issue
equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. We may not be able to obtain additional capital if and when needed on
terms acceptable to us, or at all. Further, if we do raise additional capital, it may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution
of their ownership interests and the per share value of our common stock to decline. 

33 

We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will
depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and, subject to the discretionary dividend policy described in the
section entitled Dividend Policy of this Annual Report, we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you may need to rely
on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on your investment. 

We
are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging-growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, 
including the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations
regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to
Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the
extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. As a result, our consolidated financial statements will not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required
to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our
common stock less attractive to investors. In addition, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to use
the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

We
will remain an emerging-growth company until the earliest of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of this offering; (2) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue is 1.07 billion or more; (3) the
date on which we have, during the previous rolling three-year period, issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt
securities; and (4) the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities
held by non-affiliates. 

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of choosing to rely on these exemptions. For example,
if we do not adopt a new or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations will not be as comparable to the results of
operations of certain other companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which could limit our stockholders opportunity
to sell their shares, at a premium. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation includes provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of our
company. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over
prevailing market prices by discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control in a tender offer or similar transaction. Among
other things, the charter documents will provide: 

certain
amendments to our bylaws that will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of
our common stock; and 

our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue preferred stock in one or more series and
to fix their designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional, or special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations, or restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms. 

34 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and federal court within
the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that our stockholders may initiate, which could
limit a stockholder s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware will be exclusive forums for any: 

derivative
 action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

action
 asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; 

action
 asserting a claim against us, our directors or officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and
 restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; or 

other
 action asserting a claim against us, our directors or officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

This
choice of forum provision does not apply to actions brought to enforce a duty or liability created under the Exchange Act. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to be in effect after this offering also provides that the federal district courts of the United
States are the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We intend
for this provision to apply to any complaints asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act despite the fact that Section 22 of
the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for the federal and state courts over all actions brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
such a provision with respect to claims under the Securities Act, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance
with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any
interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation described above. 

These
choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and
employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable
to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

Description
of Property 

Our
corporate headquarters is located in Menlo Park, California and acts as the main operational facility for our vehicle engineering, software
engineering and business units. We lease our corporate headquarters which contains approximately 16,400 square feet. We believe that
our office space is adequate for our current needs and, should we need additional space, we believe we will be able to obtain additional
space on commercially reasonable terms. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are not a party to any pending legal proceeding, nor is our property the subject of a pending legal proceeding, that is not in the ordinary
course of business or otherwise material to the financial condition of our business. None of our directors, officers or affiliates are
involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or have a material interest adverse to our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

35 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Information
with Respect to our Common Stock 

Our
common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, and began trading under the symbol CYN on October 20, 2021. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 89 shareholders of record. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on our capital stock.
We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, to fund the development and expansion of our business,
and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and
payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including
our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors our
board of directors may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

The
Company did not repurchase any of its equity securities during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
objective of this Management s Discussion and Analysis is to allow investors to view the Company from management s perspective,
considering items that would have a material impact on future operations. The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant
factors affecting our results of operations and financial condition as of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 and should
be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This
discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in or implied by these forward-looking
statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section captioned Risk Factors included under
Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See also the section captioned Forward-Looking Statements in this
Annual Report. 

Overview 

We
are an autonomous vehicle AV technology company that is focused on addressing industrial uses for autonomous vehicles.
We believe that technological innovation is needed to enable adoption of autonomous industrial vehicles that will address the substantial
industry challenges that exist today. These challenges include labor shortages, lagging technological advancements from incumbent vehicle
manufacturers, and high upfront investment commitment. 

36 

Industrial
sites are typically rigid environments with consistent standards as opposed to city streets that have more variable environmental and
situational conditions and diverse regulations. These differences in operational design domains will be major factors that make proliferation
of industrial AVs in private settings achievable with less time and resources than AVs on public roadways. Namely, safety and infrastructure
challenges are cited as roadblocks that have delayed AVs from operating on public roadways at scale. Our focus on industrial AVs simplifies
these challenges because industrial facilities (especially those belonging to a single end customer that operates similarly at different
sites) share much more in common than different cities do. Furthermore, our end customers own their infrastructure and can make changes
more easily than governments can on public roadways. 

With
these challenges in mind, we are developing an Enterprise Autonomy Suite that leverages advanced in-vehicle autonomous driving technology
and incorporates leading supporting technologies like data analytics, asset tracking, fleet management, cloud, and connectivity. EAS
provides a differentiated solution that we believe will drive pervasive proliferation of industrial autonomy and create value for customers
at every stage of their journey towards full automation and the adoption of Industry 4.0. 

EAS
is a suite of technologies and tools that we divide into three complementary categories: 

1. DriveMod ,
our modular industrial vehicle autonomous driving software; 

2. Cyngn
Insight , our customer-facing tool suite for monitoring and managing AV fleets (including remotely operating vehicles) and generating/aggregating/analyzing
data (including the Infinitracker asset tracker and IoT gateway device); and 

3. Cyngn
Evolve , our internal tool suite and infrastructure that facilitates artificial intelligence AI and machine learning ML training to continuously enhance our algorithms and models and provides a simulation framework (both record/rerun
and synthetic scenario creation) to ensure that data collected in the field can be applied to validating new releases. 

Legacy
automation providers manufacture specialized industrial vehicles with integrated robotics software for rigid tasks, limiting automation
to narrow uses. Unlike these specialized vehicles, EAS can be compatible with the existing vehicle assets in addition to new vehicles
that have been purpose built for autonomy by vehicle manufacturers. EAS is operationally expansive, vehicle agnostic, and compatible
with indoor and outdoor environments. By offering flexible autonomous services, we aim to remove barriers to industry adoption. 

We
understand that scaling of autonomy solutions will require an ecosystem made up of different technologies and services that are enablers
for AVs. Our approach is to forge strategic collaborations with complementary technology providers that accelerate AV development and
deployment, provide access to new markets, and create new capabilities. Our focus on designing DriveMod to be modular will combine with
our experience deploying AV technology on diverse industrial vehicle form factors, which will be difficult for competitors to replicate. 

We
expect our technology to generate revenue through two main methods: deployment and EAS subscriptions. Deploying our EAS requires us and
our integration partners to work with a new client to map the job site, gather data, and install our AV technology within their fleet
and site. We anticipate that new deployments will yield project-based revenues based on the scope of the deployment. After deployment,
we expect to generate revenues by offering EAS through a Software as a Service SaaS model, which can be considered the
AV software component of Robotics as a Service RaaS ). 

RaaS
is a subscription model that allows customers to use robots/vehicles without purchasing the hardware assets upfront. We will seek to
achieve sustained revenue growth largely from ongoing SaaS-style EAS subscriptions that enable companies to tap into our ever-expanding suite
of AV and AI capabilities as organizations transition into full industrial autonomy. 

37 

Although
both the components and the combined solutions of EAS are still under development, components of EAS have already been used for a paid
customer trial and pilot deployments. We have not yet derived any significant recurring revenues from EAS but began marketing EAS to
customers in 2022. We expect EAS to continually be developed and enhanced according to evolving customer needs, which will take place
concurrently while other completed features of EAS are commercialized. We expect annual R D expenditures in the foreseeable future
to equal or exceed that of 2020 and 2021. We also expect that limited paid pilot deployments in 2023 will offset some of the ongoing
R D costs of continually developing EAS. We target scaled deployments to begin in 2024. 

Our
go-to-market strategy is to acquire new customers that use industrial vehicles in their mission-critical and daily operations
by (a) leveraging the relationships and existing customers of our network of strategic partners, (b) bringing AV capabilities to
industrial vehicles as a software service provider, and (c) executing a robust in-house sales and marketing effort to nurture a
pipeline of industrial organizations. Our focus is on acquiring new customers who are either looking (a) to embed our technology into
their vehicle product roadmaps or (b) to apply autonomy to existing fleets with our vehicle retrofits. In turn, our customers are any
organizations that could utilize our EAS solution, including original equipment manufacturers OEMs that supply industrial
vehicles, end customers that operate their own industrial vehicles, or service providers that operate industrial vehicles for end customers. 

As
OEMs and leading industrial vehicle users seek to increase productivity, reinforce safer working environments, and scale their operations,
we believe we are uniquely positioned to deliver a dynamic autonomy solution via our EAS to a wide variety of industrial uses. Our long-term vision
is for EAS to become a universal autonomous driving solution with minimal marginal cost for companies to adopt new vehicles and expand
their autonomous fleets across new deployments. We have already deployed DriveMod software on more than 10 different vehicle form factors that
range from stockchasers and stand-on floor scrubbers to 14-seat shuttles and 5-meter-long cargo vehicles demonstrating
the extensibility of our AV building blocks. These deployments were prototypes or part of proof-of-concept projects. Of these deployments,
two were at customer sites. For one deployment we were paid 166,000 and the other was part of our normal R D activities. 

Our
strategy upon establishing a customer relationship with an OEM, is to seek to embed our technology into their vehicle roadmap and expand
our services to their many clients. Once we solidify an initial AV deployment with a customer, we intend to seek to expand within the
site to additional vehicle platforms and/or expand the use of similar vehicles to other sites operated by the customer. This land
and expand strategy can repeat iteratively across new vehicles and sites and is at the heart of why we believe industrial AVs
that operate in geo-fenced, constrained environments are poised to create value. 

Meanwhile,
according to the Money Pit: Self-Driving Cars 16 Billion Cash Burn article by The Information, more than 16
billion has been invested into passenger AV development during the last several years with negligible revenues generated and frequent
delays. The 200 billion annual industrial equipment market (projected by 2027) is substantial, but it does not justify billions of
dollars of annual research and development spend. These leading passenger AV companies will need to take the approach of first
capturing the trillion-dollar markets of passenger AV to achieve their desired returns. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates and Judgements 

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. We continually evaluate our estimates and judgments. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience
and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change
and additional information becomes known. Besides the estimates identified below that are considered critical, we make many other accounting
estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. All estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as disclosures of contingent liabilities. These estimates and judgments
are also based on historical experience and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Materially different
results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, even for estimates and judgments that are not deemed
critical. 

The Company consider warrants
and share-based compensation to be critical accounting estimates and believe the associated assumptions and estimates to have the greatest
potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Warrants 

The
Company issued to its lead underwriter in the Company s initial public offering consummated in October 2021, (the IPO ),
warrants to purchase up to 140,000 shares of its common stock, exercisable at a price per share of 9.373 and expiring on October 19,
2026. Additionally, in connection with the Private Placement offering completed on April 29, 2022, the Company issued warrants to purchase
6,451,613 shares of its common stock, exercisable at a price per share of 2.98 and expiring on April 29, 2027. The Company accounts
for warrants in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , depending on the specific terms of the warrant
agreement. The Company determined the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes pricing model and treated the valuation
as equity instruments in consideration of the cashless settlement provisions in the warrant agreement. 

38 

The
Company also applied the guidance in ASC 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs , that states specific incremental costs
directly attributable to a proposed or actual offering of equity securities may properly be deferred and charged against the gross proceeds
of the offering. The Company treated the valuation of the warrants as directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract and
accordingly, classified the warrants as additional paid-in capital. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company recognizes the cost of share-based awards granted to employees and directors based on the estimated grant-date fair value of
the awards. Cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, which is generally the vesting period of the award.
The Company recognizes stock-based compensation cost and reverses previously recognized costs for unvested awards in the period forfeitures
occur. The Company determines the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is impacted by the
fair value of common stock, expected price volatility of common stock, expected term, risk-free interest rates, and expected dividend
yield. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

We currently derive revenue
from two sources. First, we enter into fixed-price NRE contracts related to trial projects that consist of several independent phases
and includes design, data gathering, hardware installation on an industrial vehicle, customer-specific configuration of the DriveMod software,
and demonstrations. The determination of the contract price is based on labor and hardware costs estimated to achieve the required milestones
specified in the contract. The purpose of these fully funded projects is to exhibit the feasibility of the Company s technology
offering to the customer on additional vehicle types and provide a level of confidence to encourage the customer to enter into a multi-year,
commercial arrangement with the Company in the future. Revenue on these multi-phase contracts is generally recognized at the point in
time when the performance obligations of each independent phase has been completed and customer acceptance has been acknowledged. Contracts
often allow mutual termination without penalty. To the extent our actual costs vary from the fixed fee, we will generate more or less
profit or could incur a loss. 

We also sell Infinitracker,
an off-the-shelf asset tracking devise. Revenue on product sales is recognized at the point in time when ownership of the goods is transferred,
generally at the time of shipment to the customer. 

Prior to 2022, the Company had not generated any revenue. During 2022,
the Company recognized 262.0 thousand of revenue, of which 250.0 thousand was associated with NRE contracts and the remaining 12.0
thousand related to sales of Infinitracker devices.

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost of revenues consists
primarily of direct labor and related fringe benefits for internal engineering resources costs incurred for the completion of the contracts
and hardware costs. 

During 2022, the company reported cost of revenue of 186.8 thousand
consisting primarily of fully burdened internal engineering development resources and hardware costs incurred for the completion of the
initial phases of NRE contracts. Included in cost of revenue for 2022 is an onerous contract provision of 114.7 thousand for an anticipated
loss for the first phase of an NRE contract expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2023. This onerous contract provision is
based on total anticipated costs for the initial phase of the arrangement in excess of the revenue to be recognized upon completion and
acceptance of the initial phase. Upon execution of the agreement, management s expectation was that costs would approximate the
arrangement fee per the contract. However, as the project progressed, it was determined that total projected direct labor costs and related
fringe benefits exceeded the arrangement fee. 

Research
and Development 

Research and development expense consist primarily of outsourced engineering
services, internal engineering and development expenses, materials, labor and stock-based compensation related to development of the Company s
products and services. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. 

Research
and development expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 4.5 million or 90.0 to 9.5 million from 5.0 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is attributable to the increase in personnel engaged in the research and development of
our AV technology in 2022 compared to headcount levels in 2021, external R D contractors, allocated occupancy costs, R D related
travel costs. The Company plans to continue to expand its level of engineering and other R D personnel to support its research and
development efforts and expects research and development costs to increase over time. 

39 

General
and Administrative 

General, and administrative expense consist primarily of personnel
costs, facilities expenses, depreciation and amortization, travel, and advertising costs. 

General
and administrative expenses increased by approximately 5.6 million or 126.7 to 10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from
 4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was attributed to the following factors: i) an increase in personnel
related costs, including provisions for non-cash stock-based compensation expense, as the Company increased staff to support being a
public company; ii) the increase in occupancy costs following the renewal of the lease that expanded the square footage of the leased
area; iii) directors and officers insurance coverage taken by the Company and; iv) professional fees related to required compliance and
regulatory filings following the Company becoming a public company in October 2021 

Interest
income, net 

Interest
(expense) income increased by 53.7 thousand to 44.1 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 9.6 thousand) for the year
ended December 31, 2021. Interest income consists primarily of interest earned of 49.5 thousand from the Company s interest-bearing
bank accounts, offset by interest expense of 5.4 thousand representing the present value interest on the adoption of lease accounting
guidelines under ASC 842 on right-of-use assets and operating liabilities. 

Other
Income 

Other
income increased by 112.9 thousand to 120.1 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 7.2 thousand for the year ended December
31, 2021. Other income consists primarily of realized gains earned on the Company s short-term investments of approximately 90.2
thousand and other miscellaneous income items. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, other income (expense), net,
decreased by approximately 1.6 million from the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is attributed to the absence of comparable
gains during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program PPP Notes by the
U.S. Small Business Administration SBA that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company s principal source of liquidity is its cash and current maturities of short-term investments. Short-term investments consist
of placements in U.S. government securities with original maturities between three to nine months. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had unrestricted cash of approximately 10.5 million and short-term investments of 12.1 million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company
had unrestricted cash of 21.9 million. On October 22, 2021, the Company closed its IPO which resulted in net proceeds of approximately
 23.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. Additionally, on April 29, 2022, the Company
received net proceeds of approximately 18.1 million from the sale of common stock and exercise of pre-funded warrants in a private placement
offering. 

The
Company s liquidity is based on its ability to enhance its operating cash flow position, obtain capital financing from equity interest
investors and borrow funds to fund its general operations, research and development activities and capital expenditures. The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on management s ability to successfully execute its business plan, which includes
increasing revenue while controlling operating costs and expenses to generate positive operating cash flows and obtaining funds from
outside sources of financing to generate positive financing cash flows. 

Based
on cash flow projections from operating and financing activities and existing balance of cash and short-term investments, management
is of the opinion that the Company has sufficient funds for sustainable operations and it will be able to meet its payment obligations
from operations and debt-related obligations for at least one year from the issuance date of this report. Based on the above considerations,
the Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization
of assets and liquidation of liabilities during the normal course of operations. 

Cash
Flows 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 16.3 million, an increase of approximately 7.7 million or
88.6 compared to 8.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is primarily attributed to the level of increases in
personnel costs and professional services related to the Company s research and development activities, as well as increases in
general and administrative personnel-related costs and professional services as the Company increased staff to support being a public
company, both of which led to the increase in the Company s net loss for the period. 

40 

Investing
activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 13.3 million, an increase of approximately
 13.3 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of approximately 20 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
increase consists of purchases of short-term investments of 27.0 million and approximately 1.4 million in purchases of R D-related
hardware equipment and acquisition of intangible asset, which were partially offset by investment maturities of 15.0 million. 

Financing
activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 18.2 million, of which 18.1 million relate to the proceeds
from the April 2022 private placement offering and 114.2 thousand relate to stock option exercises. Cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 24.2 million, which consisted of proceeds from the IPO of 23.3 million, the February 2021
PPP Note proceeds of 0.9 million from the SBA, and stock option exercises of approximately 14.2 thousand. 

Emerging
Growth Company Status 

We
are an emerging-growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company,
we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As an emerging growth
company we can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies.
We intend to avail ourselves of these options. Once adopted, we must continue to report on that basis until we no longer qualify as an
emerging growth company. 

We
will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the
initial public offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenue are 1.07 billion or more; (iii) the date on
which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities;
or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million
as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if
we choose to rely on these exemptions. If, as a result of our decision to reduce future disclosure, investors find our common shares
less attractive, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and the price of our common shares may be more volatile. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company , meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus the aggregate
amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of the IPO is less than 700 million and our annual revenue was less than 100 million
during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value
of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than 100 million during
the most recently completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million. If we
are a smaller reporting company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain
disclosure requirements that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose
to present only the two most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging
growth companies, smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a Smaller Reporting Company , this Item and the related disclosure is not required. 

41 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Cyngn Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cyngn Inc.
(the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity
and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
 financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . 

March 16, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 1 

CYNGN INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Short-term investments 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use asset, net 
 
 -

Intangible assets, net 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liability 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, Par ; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

CYNGN INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 
 -

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 
 
 -

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income, net 

Interest income (expense) 

Other income 

Paycheck Protection Program Note forgiveness 
 -

Total other income, net 

Net loss 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted

Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common shareholders , basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CYNGN INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Exercise of stock options 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Issuance of common stock in connection with initial public offering, net of closing costs of 2,954,110 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of warrants 

Conversion of convertible preferred stock to common stock in connection with initial public offering 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 30, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of stock options 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock in connection with issued RSUs 
 - 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Issuance of common stock and pre-funded warrants in connection with the private placement offering, net of offering costs 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of pre-funded warrants 
 - 
 - 

- 

Issuance of common warrants at fair value in connection with
 the private placement 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CYNGN INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Gain on disposal of asset 
 -

Realized gain on short-term investments 
 
 - 
 
 Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program Notes 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Acquisition of intangible assets 
 
 -

Purchase of short-term investments 
 
 -

Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments 
 
 -

Disposal of assets 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon initial public offering, net of offering costs 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of common stock from PIPE financing, net of offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from exercise of pre-funded warrants from PIPE financing 
 
 -

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program notes 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow: 

Cash paid during the year for taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

The Company s Paycheck Protection Program Notes were forgiven by the SBA in the amount of 1,602,936. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CYNGN INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of its authorized common stock at an offering price of per share. Simultaneously with
the closing of the IPO, the common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol CYN. The IPO generated
net proceeds of million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses. The Company also granted its
underwriters the election to exercise a 45-day over-allotment option to purchase an additional shares of common stock at the IPO
offering price, less underwriting discounts. 

warrants (the Purchase Warrant to the underwriters. Each Purchase Warrant entitles
its holder the option to purchase at a future exercise date, one share of common stock at an initial exercise price of per share,
subject to certain adjustments and restrictions relating to subsequent resale and transfers. The Purchase Warrants are currently exercisable
and expire on October 18, 2026. The Purchase Warrants met all the criteria for equity classification and as such, do not require subsequent
remeasurement after the issuance (see Note 8. Capital Structure). 

shares consisting of shares of common stock, at a par value of ,
and shares of preferred stock at a par value of . The rights of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may
be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate in the future. 

The Common Warrants totaled .
The Company allocated the proceeds between the Common Stock, Pre-Funded Warrants, and Common Warrants on a relative fair value basis and
recorded the amount allocated to the Common Warrants within additional paid-in capital on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet
as the Common Warrants met all the criteria for equity classification. As the Common Warrants were equity classified, they do not require
subsequent remeasurement after the issuance (see Note 8. Capital Structure). 

. Each share of Common Stock and accompanying Common Warrant were
sold together at a combined offering price of , and each Pre-Funded Warrant and accompanying Common Warrant were sold together at
a combined offering price of . 

per share (subject to adjustment as set forth in the warrant), are exercisable upon issuance and will expire
 from the date of issuance. The Common Warrants contain standard adjustments to the exercise price including for stock splits,
stock dividend, rights offerings and pro rata distributions. There were Common Warrants exercised as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 8.
Capital Structure). 

F- 6 

million before deducting transaction related expenses payable
by the Company. All qualified legal, accounting, registration and other direct costs related to the Private Placement were offset against
the gross proceeds. The Company intends to use the net proceeds to fund its cash needs. 

million and million for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Accumulated deficit amounted to million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Net cash used in operating activities was million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million
and the short-term investments balance was million. As of December 31, 2021, the Company s unrestricted balance of cash
was million. The Company did not hold any short-term investments as of December 31, 2021. 

F- 7 

million and million of
cash, respectively. 

in restricted cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, reported separately as current assets on its consolidated
balance sheets. The Company s restricted cash consists of cash not available for immediate use that the Company is obligated to
maintain in accordance with the terms of its credit card spending arrangement. 

Restricted cash 

Total Cash and Restricted cash 

F- 8 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Automobile 

years. 

for these rights. The Company evaluated if substantially
all of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets to determine if the
transaction should be accounted for as an asset acquisition. Since the only substantive assets acquired pertained to rights to the intellectual
property, the entire purchase price was allocated to intellectual property and accounted for as intangible assets with a useful life of
 years. In accordance with ASC 805-50, Business Combination , the agreement was treated an asset acquisition rather than a business
combination. 

F- 9 

shares of the Company s common stock. The Company
accounts for warrants in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . The Company determined the
fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes pricing model and treated the valuation as equity instruments in consideration of the
cashless settlement provisions in the warrant agreement. 

F- 10 

of revenue recognized in 2022, associated with an NRE contract. 

F- 11 

million as of December 31, 2022, (none as of December 31, 2021). Deferred contract
costs are included in prepaid and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had backlog,
or revenue related to remaining performance obligations of M. We expect that all the backlog will be recognized in 2023. 

million, which approximated its fair value based
on Level 1 inputs. All of the Company s short-term investments will mature within three months of December 31, 2022. The Company
did not hold any investments as of December 31, 2021. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer and Equipment 

Leasehold improvement 

Construction work in progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

and , respectively. 

F- 12 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued payroll 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

in social
security taxes due that were deferred between May 1 and December 31, 2020. The remaining was paid during 2022. 

. The lease includes non-lease components (i.e. common
area maintenance costs) that are paid separately from rent based on actual costs incurred. 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities, all current 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The amortization of the operating lease
right-of-use assets totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted-average discount
rate is based on the implicit interest rate of the present value of the remaining lease payments and the remaining lease term. 

F- 13 

Trademark 

Rights to intellectual property 

Total intangible assets 

Trademark 

Total intangible assets 

and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 14 

(the Note ). The Note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and matures in months from the date of the Note. The
Note may be repaid at any time with no prepayment penalty. All of the funds received under the PPP had been used for qualified purposes.
The Company applied for forgiveness of the Note in accordance with PPP guidelines, and in October, 2021, received approval of the forgiveness
application. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding balance for the Note. 

pursuant to Title 1 of the CARES Act. The PPP2 Note matures in with interest accruing at per annum. Proceeds of the PPP2 Note are available to be used to pay for payroll costs, including
salaries, commissions, and similar compensation, group health care benefits, and paid leaves; rent; utilities; and interest on certain
other outstanding debt. All of the funds received under the PPP2 Note were used for qualified purposes during 2021. The Company applied
for forgiveness of the PPP2 Note in accordance with PPP guidelines, and in November, 2021, received approval of the forgiveness application.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no outstanding balance for the PPP2 Note. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the Company had and shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. Holders of common
stock have no preemptive, conversion or subscription rights and there is no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common
stock. The rights, preferences and privileges of the holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that the Company may designate in the future. 

shares
at a par value of . As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31,
2020 and prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company was authorized to issue up to shares of preferred stock at a par value
of . 

Series B 

Series C 

F- 15 

Common stock (Private Placement; see Note 1) 

Total 

Expected volatility 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

per share per annum; Series B - per share per annum; and Series C - 
per share per annum. Dividends are non-cumulative and will be paid pro rata, on an equal priority, pari passu basis. After payment of
preferred stock dividends, any additional dividends will be paid ratably among holders of common stock and preferred stock on an as converted
to Common Stock basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, no dividends have been declared. 

per share; Series B - per share; and Series C - per share. 2) If the assets of the Company available for distribution
to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the shares of Preferred Stock the full amount to which they are entitled,
the holders of shares of Preferred Stock shall share ratably in any distribution of the assets available for distribution in proportion
to the respective amount which would otherwise be payable in respect to the share of Preferred Stock held by them upon such distribution
if all amounts payable on or with respect to such shares were paid in full. 

F- 16 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding

Loss per share: 

Basic and diluted

Shares available for future stock-based award grants (see Note 10) 

Underwriter s common stock option 

Underwriter s warrant 

Total 

F- 17 

million and million shares of common stock were reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and
2013 Plan, respectively. 

F- 18 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

RSUs vested 

RSUs forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Unvested Shares at December 31, 2022 

and , respectively. 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free rate 

Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

million and
 million, respectively. 

million. This unrecognized
stock-based compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. Income tax benefits
recognized from stock-based compensation expense recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 were immaterial due to cumulative losses
and valuation allowances. 

F- 19 

and , respectively. The effective tax rate is for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 - 
 
 - 

State 
 - 
 
 - 

Total deferred 
 - 
 
 - 

Total 

to pretax income for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 as a result of the following: 

State taxes 

Nondeductible expenses 

Research and development credit 

Foreign tax rate difference 

Stock compensation 

True-up and rate change 

Valuation allowance 

Total 

Research and development credits 

Intangibles 

Fixed assets 

Stock based compensation 

Lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Capitalized research costs 
 
 - 
 
 Accruals and others 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

Right of use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred project costs 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Net deferred tax assets: 
 - 
 
 - 

F- 20 

and , respectively. 

and ,
respectively, which will both begin to expire in 2034 with of our federal net operating loss carryforward lasting indefinitely. 

and , respectively. The federal
research credit carryforwards will begin to expire in 2033 while the California research credits carry forward have an indefinite life. 

over a three-year period.
Utilization of the federal and state net operating losses may be subject to substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change
limitations provided by the IRC Section 382 and similar state provisions. The Company has not completed a study to assess whether a change
of ownership has occurred, or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since its formation, due to the significant cost and
complexity associated with such a study. Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the NOL carryforwards before utilization.
Further, until a study is completed by the Company and any limitation is known, no amounts are being presented as an uncertain tax position. 

of adjusted taxable income to of adjusted taxable income. This
modification increased the allowable interest expense deduction of the Company. 

Increase in balance related to tax positions taken during the current year 

Increase in balance related to tax positions taken during prior years 
 -

Decrease in balance related to prior year tax positions 
 -
 
 -

Decrease in balance related to settlement with tax authorities 
 -
 
 -

Balance at end of year 

of the total unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would have an impact on the Company s effective tax rate. The Company estimates
that there will be no material changes in its uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. In accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company
has adopted the accounting policy that interest and penalties recognized are classified as part of its income taxes. Total interest and
penalties recognized in the consolidated statement of operations was for 2022 and 2021. 

F- 21 

F- 22 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

There were no disagreements
related to accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, internal controls or auditing scope or procedure during
the two fiscal years and their respective interim periods. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Management s Report on Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management, under the
supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and Principal Financial Officer
(our Chief Financial Officer), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the
end of our fiscal year covered by this report. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to
the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or person performing similar functions,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management recognizes that
any disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Responsibility on estimates and judgments by management
are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing
management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition,
and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management
used the criteria set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Our management has concluded that, as of December 31,
2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles.
Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our Board of Directors. While the Company believes the remediation measures
taken to date will improve the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, the Company will continue to perform additional
procedures and employ additional tools and resources deemed necessary to ensure that its consolidated financial statements are fairly
stated in all material respects. 

42 

Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of
Controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation
of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns
resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management
override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a
timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into
the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

As reported in our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q as of June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, the following was identified as a material weakness during the second
quarter of 2022: ineffective oversight of third parties engaged to assist in the Company s financial reporting and disclosure process.
During the third quarter of 2022, management revised the processes surrounding this material weakness. We believe that this previously
reported material weakness was successfully remediated as of December 31, 2022. 

The SEC defines material
weakness as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of the registrant s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. While we are in the process of adopting remediation procedures related to
this identified material weakness, there can be no assurance that such remedies will be effective. In addition, if this is not remediated,
we will be unable to certify that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. We cannot assure you that there will not
be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. Any failure to maintain
internal control over financial reporting could severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition or results of
operations. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, we could lose investor confidence
in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject
to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict
our future access to the capital markets. 

Except as described as above,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not applicable. 

43 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance 

The following table sets
forth the names and ages of all of our directors and executive officers. Our Board of Directors is currently comprised of five members.
Our Board is divided into three classes of directors, each serving a staggered three-year term. At each annual meeting of stockholders,
a class of directors is elected for a three-year term to succeed the class whose term is then expiring. Executive officers serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors and are appointed by the Board of Directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lior Tal 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director 
 
 Donald Alvarez 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Ben Landen 
 
 35 
 
 Vice President of
 Business Development 
 
 Karen Macleod 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Colleen Cunningham 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 James McDonnell 
 
 67 
 
 Director 

The principal occupations
and business experience for the past five years (and, in some instances, for prior years) of each of our directors and executive officers
are as follows: 

Lior Tal 

Mr. Tal has served as
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and a Director since October 2016. From June 2016 to October 2016, Mr. Tal served as
the Company s Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Tal was the director of international growth and partnerships
at Facebook where he worked from April 2011 to June 2016. Mr. Tal co-founded Snaptu (acquired by Facebook) in September 2007
and was the vice president of business development until May 2011. During his time at Snaptu, Mr. Tal helped grow the user base from
launch to tens of millions of users. Prior to co-founding Snaptu, Mr. Tal was a partner at Barzam, Tal, Lerer Attorneys-at-Law
 Patent attorneys from March 2004 to August 2007. Mr. Tal has also held leadership roles at Actimize (acquired by NICE), DiskSites
(acquired by EMC), and Odigo (acquired by Comverse). Mr. Tal holds a law degree from Tel Aviv University and an LLB in law and a
BA in Business Management from Reichman University. 

Mr. Tal s executive and technology industry experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

Donald Alvarez 

Mr. Alvarez has served
as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since June 2021 and a Director since August 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Alvarez
was the vice president of finance of the International Council of Shopping Centers from 2017 to August 2020. During his time at the International
Council of Shopping Centers, Mr. Alvarez helped improve internal controls, increase productivity and reduce cost. Mr. Alvarez
was active in renegotiating merchant credit card fees. He also implemented a company-wide, annual budget process and deployment
of a new budgeting software tool. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Alvarez was vice president of finance of QuVa Pharma, Inc. QuVa ),
where he helped create an accounting and finance department. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Alvarez was the national managing partner, COO
and CFO of Tatum, a Randstand Company Tatum ). During his time with Tatum, Mr. Alvarez oversaw a business turnaround
that significantly improved Tatum s financial performance. Mr. Alvarez has held several other senior financial and operational
roles in both private and public companies, including CFO of Broadband Discovery Systems, Inc., CFO of Fatbrain.com, CFO of Shop.com,
and Regional Managing Director of Resources Global Professionals. Mr. Alvarez began his career in the audit and assurance practice
of Deloitte where he spent seven years. Mr. Alvarez holds a BS in Business Administration from California State University, East
Bay. 

Mr. Alvarez s financial
expertise and significant audit and reporting knowledge qualify him to serve on the Company s board of directors. 

Ben Landen 

Mr. Landen has
served as the Company s Vice President of Business Development since May 2021. Prior to that, Mr. Landen served as the
Company s Senior Director of Product Partnerships from September 2019 to May 2021. From May 2017 to September 2019,
Mr. Landen was the head of product business development at DeepScale (acquired by Tesla), a venture-backed startup
that developed AI perception solutions for autonomous vehicles. From August 2015 to April 2017, Mr. Landen was a senior
business manager of Maxim Integrated, where he managed a 100 million automotive semiconductor product line and supervised a team of
product managers. Mr. Landen was a business manager from September 2013 to August 2015 and an associate business manager from
August 2010 to September 2013. Mr. Landen holds a BS in Electrical Engineering from California Polytechnic University, San Luis
Obispo and an MBA from UC Berkeley s Haas School of Business. 

44 

Non-Executive Directors 

Karen Macleod 

Ms. Macleod has served
as a member of the Company s board of directors since July 2021. Ms. Macleod was the founder and chief executive officer of
The Arete Group, LLC from 2015 to 2021. Ms. Macleod was the president of Tatum, Randstand Holdings NV Company from 2011 to 2014. Ms.
Macleod was the president of Resources Connection, Inc. North America from 2004 to 2009 and previously served in other capacities
after joining the company in 1996. From 1985 to 1994, Ms. Macleod was a senior manager at Deloitte. Ms. Macleod additionally has
served on the Board of Directors of Track Group Inc. (OTCQX TRCK) since 2016 and currently chairs the Audit Committee. She
also has served on the Board of the Lakeland Hills YMCA since 2020 and currently serves on the Finance Committee. Ms. Macleod served
as a member of the board of directors and a member of the audit committee of the FWA of New York from 2018 to 2021. From 1998 to
2009, Ms. Macleod served on the board of directors of Resources Connection, Inc. (Nasdaq RGP). From 2006 to 2013, Ms.
Macleod served on the board of directors of Overland Solutions. Ms. Macleod holds a BA in Business Economics from University of
California, Santa Barbara. 

Ms. Macleod prior board experience
and particularly her role serving on audit committees qualify her to serve on the Company s board of directors. 

Colleen Cunningham 

Ms. Cunningham has served
as a member of the Company s board of directors since September 2021. Ms. Cunningham has served as a board member and the treasurer
of Northstar Pet Rescue since 2017. From 2012 to 2018, Ms. Cunningham was the senior vice president and corporate controller of Zoetis,
Inc. Prior to that, Ms. Cunningham was the global managing director of Resources Connection, Inc. from 2007 to 2012. From 2003 to
2007, Ms. Cunningham was the president and chief executive officer of Financial Executives International. From 2001 to 2003, Ms. Cunningham
was the chief financial officer of Havas Advertising, North America. Ms. Cunningham was chief accountant at AT T, Inc. from 1999 to
2001. Prior to that, Ms. Cunningham was a division manager of accounting policy and external reporting for AT T, Inc. from 1995 to
1999. Ms. Cunningham was the assistant controller of AT T Capital Corporation from 1988 to 1995. From 1984 to 1988, Ms. Cunningham
was a senior auditor at Touche Ross/Coopers Lybrand. Ms. Cunningham has also served on various committees. From 2015 to 2018, Ms.
Cunningham served as a member of the US Chamber of Commerce Financial Reporting Committee. From 2012 to 2018, Ms. Cunningham served as
a member of the FEI Committee on Corporate Reporting. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Cunningham served as a member of the International Issues
Conference Committee of AICPA. From 2005 to 2009, Ms. Cunningham served as a board member and the chair of the Ethics Resource Center
Finance Committee. From 2005 to 2018, Ms. Cunningham served as a member of the advisory board to the accounting department of Pennsylvania
State University. From 2003 to 2007, Ms. Cunningham served as a member of both the International Accounting Standards Board Standing Advisory
Committee and the Financial Accounting Standards Board Advisory Committee. Ms. Cunningham holds a BA in economics from Rutgers University
and an MBA in management from New York University s Stern School of Business. 

Ms. Cunningham s prior
management experience and expertise in corporate reporting, governance and accounting issues qualify her to serve on the Company s
board of directors. 

James McDonnell 

Mr. McDonnell has served
as a member of the Company s board of directors since September 2021. Mr. McDonnell is currently the Senior Vice President
of Sales Marketing for Vispero, since 2017. Mr. McDonnell was vice president of sales at Honeywell from 2013 to 2017. Mr. McDonnell
served on the board of Asetek from 2014-2019. Mr. McDonnell was senior vice president of sales marketing at Intermec from 2010 to 2013. Prior to
this, Mr. McDonnell was a senior vice president and served in many executive sales and marketing roles at Hewlett-Packard from 1983 to 2009.
Mr. McDonnell began his career at the General Electric Company from 1977 to 1983. Mr. McDonnell has a BS degree in Electrical
engineering from Villanova University. 

Mr. McDonnell s
prior experiences in sales marketing leadership within various technology companies and his experience in industrial markets qualify
him to serve on the Company s board of directors. 

Board Composition 

Our board currently consists
of five directors, Lior Tal, Donald Alvarez, Karen Macleod, Colleen Cunningham and James McDonnell. Ms. Macleod, Ms. Cunningham and Mr. McDonnell
are independent directors within the meaning of the Listing Rules (the Nasdaq Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). 

45 

Family Relationships 

No family relationships exist
between any of our officers or directors. 

Role of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight
Process 

The board of directors has
extensive involvement in the oversight of risk management related to us and our business and accomplishes this oversight through the regular
reporting by the Audit Committee. The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the board of directors in fulfilling its fiduciary oversight
responsibilities relating to (1) the integrity of the Company s financial statements, (2) the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting, (3) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and (4) the independent
auditor s qualifications and independence. Through its regular meetings with management, including the finance, legal and internal
audit functions, the Audit Committee reviews and discusses all significant areas of our business and summarizes for the board of directors
all areas of risk and the appropriate mitigating factors. In addition, our board of directors receives periodic detailed operating performance
reviews from management. 

Director Independence 

The Board evaluates the independence
of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Pursuant to these rules, a majority
of our Board must be independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and all directors who sit on
our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must also be independent directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has
established an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition and responsibilities
of each of the committees of our board of directors are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or
until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate
from time to time. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our Audit
Committee are Karen Macleod, Colleen Cunningham and James McDonnell, with Ms. Cunningham serving as the Chairperson. Each of Ms.
Macleod, Ms. Cunningham and Mr. McDonnell, is independent under the rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing standards of
the Nasdaq Stock Market applicable to audit committee members. Our board of directors has determined that each of Ms. Macleod and Ms. Cunningham
qualify as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meet the financial sophistication requirements
of the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

Our Audit Committee has the
responsibility for, among other things, (i) selecting, retaining and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm, (ii)
obtaining and reviewing a report by independent auditors that describe the accounting firm s internal quality control, and any materials
issues or relationships that may impact the auditors, (iii) reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors standards and responsibilities,
strategy, scope and timing of audits, any significant risks, and results, (iv) ensuring the integrity of the Company s financial
statements, (v) reviewing and discussing with the Company s independent auditors any other matters required to be discussed
by PCAOB Auditing Standard No. 1301, (v1) reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any related person
and any other potential conflict of interest situations, (vii) overseeing the Company s internal audit department, (v) reviewing,
approving and overseeing related party transactions, and (viii) establishing and overseeing procedures for the receipt, retention
and treatment of complaints received by the Company regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the confidential,
anonymous submission by Company employees of concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our Compensation
Committee are Ms. Macleod, Ms. Cunningham and Mr. McDonnell, with Ms. Macleod serving as the Chairperson. Our Compensation Committee
has the responsibility for, among other things, (i) reviewing and approving the chief executive officer s compensation based on
an evaluation in light of corporate goals and objectives, (ii) reviewing and recommending to the Board the compensation of all other executive
officers, (iii) reviewing and recommending to the Board incentive compensation plans and equity plans, (iv) reviewing and discussing with
management the Company s Compensation Discussion and Analysis and related information to be included in the annual report on Form
10-K and proxy statements, and (v) reviewing and recommending to the Board for approval procedures relating to Say on Pay Votes. 

46 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee are Ms. Macleod, Ms. Cunningham and Mr. McDonnell, with Mr. McDonnell serving as the Chairperson.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has the responsibility relating to assisting the Board in, among other things, (i) identifying
and screening individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors,
(ii) recommending to the Board the approval of nominees for director, (ii) developing and recommending to our board of directors
a set of corporate governance guidelines, and (iv) overseeing the evaluation of our board of director. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our board of directors has
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code ). The Code applies to all of our directors, officers and employees.
We have made the Code available on our website https://investors.cyngn.com/corporate-governance-documents/. We intend to disclose future
amendments to, or waivers of, our Code, as and to the extent required by SEC regulations, at the same location on our website identified
above or in public filings. 

Board Diversity 

Each year, our nominating
and corporate governance committee will review, with the board of directors, the appropriate characteristics, skills and experience required
for the board of directors as a whole and its individual members. In evaluating the suitability of individual candidates, our nominating
and corporate governance committee will consider factors including, without limitation, an individual s character, integrity, judgment,
potential conflicts of interest, other commitments and diversity. While we have no formal policy regarding board diversity for our board
of directors as a whole nor for each individual member, the nominating and corporate governance committee does consider such factors as
gender, race, ethnicity, experience and area of expertise, as well as other individual attributes that contribute to the total diversity
of viewpoints and experience represented on the board of directors. 

On August 6, 2021, the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC approved The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s Nasdaq proposal to adopt listing
rules for Nasdaq-listed companies related to board diversity. The new Rule 5605(f) (Diverse Board Representation) requires Nasdaq-listed
companies, subject to certain exceptions, (1) to have at least one director who self-identifies as a female, and (2) to have
at least one director who self-identifies as Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Asian, Native American or Alaska Native, Native
Hawaiian or Pacific Islander, two or more races or ethnicities, or as LGBTQ+, or (3) to explain why the reporting company does not
have at least two directors on its board who self-identify in the categories listed above. In addition, Rule 5606 (Board Diversity Disclosure)
requires each Nasdaq-listed company, again subject to certain exceptions, to provide statistical information about such company s
Board of Directors, in a proposed uniform format, related to each director s self-identified gender, race, and self-identification
as LGBTQ+. The Company has elected to include the requested disclosures in the uniform format proposed by Nasdaq in our annual report
herein, as set forth in the matrix below. 

The Company believes that
it is presently in compliance with the diversity requirements imposed by the Nasdaq listing rules. 

Board Diversity Matrix (as of March 16, 2023) 

Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not 
Disclose 
Gender 
 
 Part I: Gender Identity 
 
 Directors 
 2 
 3 
 - 
 - 
 
 Part II: Demographic Background 
 
 African American or Black 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Asian 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 - 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 White 
 2 
 2 
 - 
 - 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 LGBTQ+ 
 - 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

47 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our directors and executive
officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. any
bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either
at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. any
conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. being
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or
to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. being
found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. being
subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud
in connection with any business entity; or 

6. being
subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table provides
information regarding the compensation earned by or paid to our named executive officers with respect to the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Award ) (1) 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 Non-Qualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Lior Tal 
 2022 
 500,000 
 300,000 
 - 
 1,152,831 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,952,831 
 
 CEO 
 2021 
 350,000 
 150,000 
 - 
 506,857 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,006,857 
 
 Donald Alvarez 
 2022 
 300,000 
 - 
 - 
 300,096 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 600,096 
 
 CFO 
 2021 
 152,885 
 - 
 - 
 139,336 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 292,221 
 
 Ben Landen 
 2022 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 80,982 
 - 
 - 
 
 330,982 
 
 VP of Business Development 
 2021 
 222,454 
 - 
 - 
 32,256 
 - 
 - 
 5,000 (1) 
 259,710 

(1) Represents
relocation expenses paid by the Company on behalf of Mr. Landen. 

Executive Employment Agreements 

Lior Tal 

On January 1, 2022, we entered
into an employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Lior Tal, which agreement superseded and replaced the offer letter entered
into by and between the Company and Mr. Tal on April 17, 2016. 

Pursuant to the employment
agreement, as compensation for his services as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Mr. Tal will receive: (1) a salary of 500,000
per annum (the Base Salary and commensurate benefits; (2) eligibility, subject to Mr. Tal s continued employment
with the Company, to earn an annual performance based bonus in the target of 60 of his Base Salary; (3) eligibility, also subject to
Mr. Tal s continued employment with the Company, to participate in the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, the Company 2021
Incentive Plan, or any successor plan, subject to the terms of such plan; and (4) entitlement, also subject to Mr. Tal s continued
employment with the Company, to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses
incurred by Mr. Tal in connection with the performance of Mr. Tal s duties as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the
Company s expense reimbursement policies and procedures. 

48 

The agreement also provides
for severance to Mr. Tal pursuant to the terms described therein and the extension of the post termination exercise period of stock options
held by Mr. Tal upon the termination of his employment, upon the terms and conditions outlined in the Agreement. 

Ben Landen 

On September 19, 2019,
we entered into an immediately effective offer letter with Mr. Ben Landen. Pursuant to Mr. Landen s offer letter, he will
serve as our Senior Director of Business and Corporate Development. Mr. Landen s offer letter shall continue until terminated
by either the Company or Mr. Landen. Pursuant to Mr. Landen s offer letter, he will receive (i) an annual base salary
of 220,000, and (ii) an option to purchase 150,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 0.23 per
share, which is based on the Board of Directors-approved fair market valuation as of March 31, 2019, as determined by an independent
financial consultant. The option shall vest and become exercisable over a four-year period with 25 vesting on the one-year anniversary
of Mr. Landen s employment start date and the balance vesting equally after each additional one-month period for continuous
service completed over the following 36 months, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Company s 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan. Mr. Landen s options expire in November, 2029. The offer letter contains customary provisions relating to vacation, benefits,
and non-compete. 

Donald Alvarez 

On May 28, 2021, we
entered into an offer letter with Mr. Donald Alvarez, effective June 1, 2021. Pursuant to Mr. Alvarez s offer letter,
he serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Alvarez s offer letter shall continue until terminated by either the Company
or Mr. Alvarez. Pursuant to Mr. Alvarez s offer letter, he will receive (i) an annual base salary of 250,000 for his
first year of employment, which annual base salary will increase to 300,000 upon the completion by the Company of an initial public offering,
and (ii) a stock option to purchase 400,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of 2.88 per share, which
option shall vest and become exercisable over a four-year period with 25 vesting on the one-year anniversary of Mr. Alvarez s
employment start date and the balance vesting equally after each additional one-month period for continuous service completed over
the following 36 months, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Company s 2013 Stock Incentive Plan. Mr. Alvarez s
options will expire in June 2031. The offer letter contains customary provisions relating to vacation, benefits, and non-compete. 

Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table discloses
information regarding outstanding equity awards granted or accrued as of December 31, 2022, for our named executive officers. 

Outstanding Equity Awards 

Option Awards 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Vested 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unvested 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested ) 
 
 Lior Tal (Chief Executive Officer) 
 2,878,004 
 
 0.13 
 4/5/27; 3/22/28 

1,987,000 
 
 0.22 
 5/30/28 

566,667 
 1,033,333 
 2.88 
 7/25/31 

47,187 
 2,217,813 
 0.9775 
 11/7/32 

Donald Alvarez Chief Financial Officer) 
 150,000 
 250,000 
 2.88 
 7/25/31 

9,895 
 465,105 
 0.9775 
 11/7/32 

Ben Landen (Vice President of Business Development) 
 81,875 
 28,125 
 0.23 
 11/4/29 

35,416 
 64,584 
 2.88 
 7/25/31 

50,000 
 1.45 
 3/21/32 

5,375 
 252,625 
 0.9775 
 11/7/32 

49 

Compensation of Directors 

Each of our independent directors
receives annual cash compensation of 35,000. In addition, the chairperson of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating
and Governance Committee receives an annual compensation of 20,000, 15,000 and 10,000, respectively; and the lead independent director
receives an annual cash compensation of 15,000. Each independent director receives (i) an initial award of 270,000 in restricted stock
units of the Company to which shall be awarded on May 1 st of each fiscal year and which will vest monthly over three (3) years,
and (ii) an annual award of 180,000 in restricted stock units of the Company, which shall be granted on May 1 st of each fiscal
year and which will vest in its entirety one (1) year from the grant date. 

The following table sets
forth the summary compensation information (described above) for each of our non-employee directors for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022: 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Karen Macleod 
 50,000 
 10,365 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,365 
 
 Colleen Cunningham 
 55,000 
 10,365 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 65,365 
 
 James McDonnell 
 60,000 
 10,365 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 70,365 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities as of March 15, 2023 by (i) any person or
group beneficially owning more than 5 of any class of voting securities; (ii) our directors, and; (iii) each of our named executive
officers; and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group as of the date of March 15, 2023. The information presented below
regarding beneficial ownership of our voting securities has been presented in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and is not necessarily indicative of ownership for any other purpose. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial
owner of a security if that person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting of the security or the power to dispose
or direct the disposition of the security. A person is deemed to own beneficially any security as to which such person has the right
to acquire sole or shared voting or investment power within 60 days through the conversion or exercise of any convertible security, warrant,
option or other right. More than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of all listed stockholders is c/o Cyngn Inc., 1015 O Brien Drive, Menlo Park, CA 94025. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock (1) 
 
 Directors and Officers: 

Lior Tal (2) 
 6,348,129 
 16.04 
 
 Donald Alvarez (3) 
 251,041 
 0.74 
 
 Ben Landen (4) 
 227,041 
 0.67 
 
 Karen Macleod (5) 
 56,422 
 017 
 
 Colleen Cunningham (6) 
 46,553 
 0.14 
 
 James McDonnell (7) 
 46,553 
 0.14 
 
 All Executive Officers and Directors as a Group (6 persons) 
 6,975,739 
 17.90 

Beneficial owners of more than 5 : 

Entities affiliated with Benchmark (8) 
 9,238,787 
 27.40 
 
 Andreessen Horowitz Fund III, L.P (9) 
 5,234,828 
 15.52 
 
 Entities affiliated with Redpoint (10) 
 2,463,851 
 7.31 

(1) We
have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 33,719,592 shares of common stock outstanding on March 15, 2023.
We have deemed shares of common stock subject to stock options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March
15, 2023 to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the stock option for the purpose of computing the percentage
ownership of that person. We did not deem these shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of
any other person. 

50 

(2) Includes
500,000 shares of common stock held directly and 5,848,129 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options that are
exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(3) Represents
shares of common stock underlying 251,041 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which are vested and currently exercisable
and shares underlying options which will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(4) 
 Includes 40,000 shares of common stock held directly and 187,041 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which are vested and currently exercisable and shares underlying options which will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(5) Represents
shares of common stock underlying 56,422 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which are vested and currently exercisable
and shares underlying options which will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(6) Represents
shares of common stock underlying 46,553 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which are vested and currently exercisable
and shares underlying options which will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(7) Represents
shares of common stock underlying 46,553 options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which are vested and currently exercisable
and shares underlying options which will become exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. 

(8) Based
solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 by entities and individuals affiliated with Benchmark. Represents 9,238,787
shares, of which 239,529 are directly owned by Benchmark Capital Partners VI, L.P. BCP VI ), 14,980 are directly owned
by Benchmark Founders Fund VI, L.P. BFF VI ), 9,832 are directly owned by Benchmark Founders Fund VI-B,
L.P. BFF VI-B ), 25,821 are held in nominee form for the benefit of persons associated with Benchmark Capital Management
Co. VI, L.L.C. BCMC VI ), 7,111,971 are directly owned by Benchmark Capital Partners VII, L.P. BCP VII ),
789,847 are directly owned by Benchmark Founders Fund VII, L.P. BFF VII and 1,046,807 are directly owned
by Benchmark Founders Fund VII-B, L.P. BFF VII-B ). BCMC VI is the general partner of BCP VI, BFF VI and
BFF VI-B, and BCMC VII is the general partner of BCP VII, BFF VII and BFF VII-B. Matthew R. Cohler Cohler ), a member of
BCMC VI and BCMC VII, may be deemed to have shared power to dispose of the shares held directly by these entities. BCMC VI, the general
partner of BCP VI, BFF VI and BFF VI-B, may be deemed to have sole power to vote and sole power to dispose of shares of the Company directly
owned by BCP VI, BFF VI and BFF VI-B. BCMC VII, the general partner of BCP VII, BFF VII and BFF VII-B, may be deemed to have sole power
to vote and sole power to dispose of shares of the Company directly owned by BCP VII, BFF VII and BFF VII-B. Alexandre Balkanski Balkanski ),
Matthew R. Cohler Cohler ), Bruce W. Dunlevie Dunlevie ), Peter Fenton Fenton ), J. William
Gurley Gurley ), Keven R. Harvey Harvey ), Robert C. Kagle Kagle and Mitchell H. Lasky Lasky are members of BCMC VI and may be deemed to have shared power to vote and shared power to dispose of shares of the Company directly owned
by BCP VI, BFF VI and BFF VI-B. Cohler, Dunlevie, Fenton, Gurley, Harvey and Lasky are members of BCMC VII and may be deemed to
have shared power to vote and shared power to dispose of shares of the Company directly owned by BCP VII, BFF VII and BFF VII-B. The
principal business address for each of these entities and individuals is 2965 Woodside Road, Woodside, California 94062. Mr. Lasky previously
served as a director of the Company through August 9, 2022. 

(9) Based
solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 by entities and individuals affiliated with Andreessen Horowitz Fund
III, L.P. AH III ). Represents 5,234,828 shares of common stock, all of which are held of record by AH III. The address
of the stockholder is Andreessen Horowitz Fund III, L.P. 2865 Sand Hill Road, Suite 101 Menlo Park, CA 94025 Attn: Robin Casey. Marc
Andreessen and Ben Horowitz share voting and dispositive power over the securities held by the stockholder. 

(10) Based
solely on a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2022 by entities affiliated with Redpoint. Represents (i) 2,402,255 shares
of common stock, held of record by Redpoint Ventures IV, L.P. RV IV and (ii) 61,596 shares of common stock held
of record by Redpoint Associates IV, L.L.C. RA IV, and together with RV IV, the Redpoint Entities ). Redpoint
Ventures IV, LLC RV IV LLC is the sole general partner of RV IV and the managers of RV IV LLC commonly control RA IV.
Voting and dispositive decisions with respect to the shares held by RV IV and RA IV are made by the managers of RV IV LLC and RA IV:
W. Allen Beasley, Jeffrey D. Brody, Satish Dharmaraj, R. Thomas Dyal, Timothy M. Haley, Christopher B. Moore, Scott C. Raney, John L.
Walecka and Geoffrey Y. Yang. The address for each of the Redpoint Entities is 2969 Woodside Road, Woodside, CA 94062. 

51 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

In October 2021, our Board
of Directors adopted the Cyngn Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan and the 2021 Plan was submitted to our stockholders
for approval. Our 2021 Plan became effective immediately on adoption. Our 2021 Plan replaces our 2013 Plan. However, awards outstanding
under our 2013 Plan will continue to be governed by their existing terms. Our 2021 Plan has the features described below. 

Share Reserve . The
number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under our 2021 Plan is 1,500,000 plus up to 8,500,000 shares common stock
that are reserved and not yet issued or subject to awards granted under the 2013 Plan or that have subsequently forfeited, expire or lapse
unexercised or unsettled. There will also be an annual increase to be added as of the first day of the Company s fiscal year beginning
in 2022 equal to the least of (i) 5 of the outstanding common stock on a fully diluted basis as of the end of the Company s immediately
preceding fiscal year, (ii) 1,000,000 shares, and (iii) a lesser amount determined by the board; provided, however, that any shares
from any such increases in previous years that are not actually issued shall continue to be available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 

As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the number of shares of common stock were reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan is 3,583,173 and 10,502,696, respectively. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence 

Other than as set forth below
and compensation arrangements, including employment, and indemnification arrangements, discussed, there have been no transactions since
January 1, 2020, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of
the average of our total assets as at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and to which any of our directors, executive
officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing the household
with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement 

We are parties to that certain
second amended and restated investor rights agreement dated December 24, 2014, entered into with our certain of our stockholders, including
an entity with which a former director is affiliated. These stockholders are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their
shares following our initial public offering. 

Indemnification Agreements 

On October 29, 2021, the
Board of Directors entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers (the D O Indemnification
Agreements ). The D O Indemnification Agreements provide that the Corporation will indemnify each of its directors, executive
officers, and such other key employees against any and all expenses incurred by that director or executive officer because of his or her
status as one of the Corporation s directors or executive officers, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law and the Corporation s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. In addition, the D O Indemnification Agreements provide that, to the fullest extent
permitted by Delaware law, the Corporation will advance all expenses incurred by its directors, executive officers, and other key employees
in connection with a legal proceeding involving his or her status as a director, executive officer, or key employee. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Our certificate of incorporation,
as amended and restated, limits the liability of directors to the maximum extent permitted by Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ).
The DGCL provides that directors of a corporation will not be personally liable for monetary damages for breach of their fiduciary duties
as directors. 

Our bylaws provide that we
will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law, and may indemnify employees and other agents. Our bylaws
also provide that we are obligated to advance expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of any action
or proceeding. 

52 

Our bylaws, subject to the
provisions of the DGCL contain provisions which allow the corporation to indemnify any person against liabilities and other expenses incurred
as the result of defending or administering any pending or anticipated legal issue in connection with service to us if it is determined
that person acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed was in the best interest of the corporation. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, or the Securities Act, may be permitted to our
directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such
indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

The limitation of liability
and indemnification provisions in our bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their
fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though an action,
if successful, might provide a benefit to us and our stockholders. Our results of operations and financial condition may be harmed to
the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

At present, there is no pending
litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors or officers as to which indemnification is required or permitted, and we are not
aware of any threatened litigation or proceeding that may result in a claim for indemnification. 

Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

We have adopted a formal,
written related party transactions policy that provides that transactions with directors, officers and holders of five percent or more
of our voting securities and their affiliates, each a related party must be approved by our audit committee. Pursuant to this policy,
the audit committee will have the primary responsibility for reviewing and approving or disapproving related party transactions, 
which are transactions between us and related persons in which the aggregate amount involved exceeds or may be expected to exceed the
lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years, and in
which a related person has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. For purposes of this policy, a related person will be
defined as a director, executive officer, nominee for director, or greater than 5 beneficial owner of our common stock, in each case
since the beginning of the most recently completed year, and their immediate family members. 

Director Independence 

The Board evaluates the independence
of each nominee for election as a director of our Company in accordance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Pursuant to these rules, a majority
of our Board must be independent directors within the meaning of the Nasdaq Listing Rules, and all directors who sit on
our Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee must also be independent directors. 

Our board currently consists
of five directors, Lior Tal, Donald Alvarez, Karen Macleod, Colleen Cunningham and James McDonnell. Ms. Macleod, Ms. Cunningham and Mr.
McDonnell are independent directors within the meaning of the Listing Rules (the Nasdaq Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table summarizes
the fees billed by Marcum LLP for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, inclusive of out-of-pocket expenses. All fees described
below were pre-approved by the audit committee. 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 230,000 
 185,482 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 27,000 
 74,852 
 
 All other fees (3) 
 11,011 
 7,290 
 
 Total fees 
 268,011 
 267,624 

(1) Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements,
the review of our quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements and consultations on accounting matters directly related to the
audit. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist
 of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the submission of our Registration Statements on Form S-3 and Form
 S-8 

(3) All
other fees consist of fees related to engagement administration. 

53 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

a) Financial
Statements 

1) Financial
statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. 

2) All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial
statements or notes thereto. 

b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Second Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Third Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Fourth Certificate of Amendment to the Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 19, 2021. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for year ended December 31, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Offer Letter between the Company and Ben Landen dated as of September 18, 2019 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Offer Letter between the Company and Donald Alvarez dated as of May 28, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.3 
 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.4 
 
 2021 Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement dated as of December 24, 2014 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement to be entered into with the Registrant and each of its officers and directors incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259278) filed with the SEC on October 15, 2021. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Cyngn Inc. and Lior Tal dated as of January 1, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022. 
 
 10.8 
 
 Engagement Letter dated April 27, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form of Warrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrants incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022. 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

54 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CYNGN INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Lior Tal 

Lior Tal 

Chief Executive Officer and 
Chairman of the Board 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 16, 2023 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lior Tal 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Lior Tal 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Donald Alvarez 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Donald Alvarez 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Karen Macleod 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Karen Macleod 

/s/ Colleen Cunningham 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Colleen Cunningham 

/s/ James McDonnell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 James McDonnell 

55 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_cyngninc.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

 as of December 31, 2022 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation 
 
 Cyngn Singapore PTE. LTD. (1) 
 
 Singapore 
 
 Cyngn Philippines, Inc. (2) 
 
 Philippines 

(1) Cyngn
Singapore PTE. LTD. is being dissolved. 

(2) Cyngn
Philippines, Inc. is being dissolved. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_cyngninc.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the
Registration Statement of Cyngn Inc. on Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264887) and on Form S-8 (File
no. 333-262130) of our report dated March 16, 2023, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of Cyngn Inc.
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of Cyngn Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Marcum llp 

San Jose, California 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_cyngninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Lior Tal, certify that: 

1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report of Cyngn Inc.; 

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Lior Tal 

Lior Tal 

Chief Executive Officer,
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_cyngninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14 AND 15D-14 

 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I, Donald Alvarez, certify that: 

1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report of Cyngn Inc.; 

2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared. 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 /s/ Donald Alvarez 

Donald Alvarez 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_cyngninc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Cyngn
Inc. Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, each hereby certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the knowledge of each
of the undersigned: 

1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Lior Tal 

Lior Tal 

Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of
 Directors and 
Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Donald Alvarez 

Donald Alvarez 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 cyngn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 cyngn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 cyngn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 cyngn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 cyngn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

