<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_768835_0000768835-23-000033.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8477854</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>245950</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1864206</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2580128</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2157488</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1494293</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000768835-23-000033.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160649
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000768835-23-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230128
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BIG LOTS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000768835
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-VARIETY STORES [5331]
		IRS NUMBER:				061119097
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08897
		FILM NUMBER:		23769557

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4900 E DUBLIN GRANVILLE RD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43081-7651
		BUSINESS PHONE:		614-278-6800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4900 E DUBLIN GRANVILLE RD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43081-7651

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000768835-23-000033.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 big-20230128.htm
 10-K

big-20230128 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2023 or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming for these purposes that all executive officers and directors are affiliates of the Registrant) was on July 29, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter (based on the closing price of the Registrant s Common Shares on such date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). 
 The number of the Registrant s common shares, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of March 24, 2023, was . 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Part I Page Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 Item 2. Properties 
 16 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 Supplemental Item. Information about our Executive Officers 
 18 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 21 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 37 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 38 
 Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 45 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 46 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 67 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 67 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 67 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 67 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 68 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 68 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 69 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 69 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 69 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 70 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 73 
 Signatures 
 74 

1 

Table of Contents 

 Part I 

Item 1. Business 

The Company 
 
 Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation, through its wholly owned subsidiaries is a home discount retailer operating in the United States U.S. ). At January 28, 2023, we operated a total of 1,425 stores and an e-commerce platform. Our mission is to help people Live BIG and Save LOTS. Our vision is to be the BIG difference for a better life by delivering unmistakable value to customers, building a best places to grow culture, rewarding shareholders with top tier growth and returns, and doing good in local communities. 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road, Columbus, Ohio 43081, and our telephone number is (614) 278 6800. 
 
 Unless this Annual Report on Form 10-K Form 10-K otherwise indicates or the context otherwise requires, the terms the Company, we, us, and our refer to Big Lots, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Similar to many other retailers, our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31, which results in some fiscal years consisting of 52 weeks and some fiscal years consisting of 53 weeks. Unless otherwise stated, references to years in this Form 10-K relate to fiscal years rather than to calendar years. The following table summarizes our fiscal year calendar and the number of weeks in each fiscal year: 
 Fiscal Year Number of Weeks Year Begin Date Year End Date 2023 53 January 29, 2023 February 3, 2024 2022 52 January 30, 2022 January 28, 2023 2021 52 January 31, 2021 January 29, 2022 2020 52 February 2, 2020 January 30, 2021 2019 52 February 3, 2019 February 1, 2020 2018 52 February 4, 2018 February 2, 2019 
 
 We manage our business on the basis of one segment: discount retailing. We use the following seven merchandise categories, which are consistent with our internal management and reporting of merchandise net sales: Food; Consumables; Soft Home; Hard Home; Furniture; Seasonal; and Apparel, Electronics, Other. The Food category includes our beverage grocery; specialty foods; and pet departments. The Consumables category includes our health, beauty and cosmetics; plastics; paper; and chemical departments. The Soft Home category includes our home d cor; frames; fashion bedding; utility bedding; bath; window; decorative textile; and area rugs departments. The Hard Home category includes our small appliances; table top; food preparation; stationery; home maintenance; home organization; and toys departments. The Furniture category includes our upholstery; mattress; ready-to-assemble; and case goods departments. The Seasonal category includes our lawn garden; summer; Christmas; and other holiday departments. The Apparel, Electronics, Other department includes our apparel; electronics; jewelry; hosiery; and candy snacks departments, as well as the assortments for The Lot, our cross-category presentation solution, and the Queue Line, our streamlined checkout experience. 
 
 We periodically assess, and make minor adjustments to, our product hierarchy, which can impact the roll-up of our merchandise categories. Our financial reporting process utilizes the most current product hierarchy in reporting net sales by merchandise category for all periods presented. Therefore, there may be minor reclassifications of net sales by merchandise category compared to previously reported amounts. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Merchandising 
 
 We focus our merchandising strategy on (1) the bargain hunt, by seeking to deliver unmatched value in all of our merchandise categories through high quality closeouts on name brand items, affordable opening price points and low prices on our own brand assortment; (2) the treasure hunt, by seeking to surprise and delight our customers with a fresh, unique, quirky, trendy and seasonal product assortment; and (3) essentials, by seeking to offer a reliable assortment of simple to shop staple products that bring consistency to our product mix. We evaluate our product offerings to ensure we are providing high quality and unmistakable value, and meeting our customer s expectations. We believe that focusing on our customers expectations has improved our ability to provide a more relevant and desirable assortment of offerings in our merchandise categories. 
 
 We utilize traditional sourcing methods in purchasing both imported and domestic products. In certain merchandise categories, we also take advantage of closeout channels to enhance our ability to offer products that provide unmistakable value and surprise and delight our customers. We generally source closeouts from production overruns, packaging changes, discontinued products, order cancellations, liquidations, returns, and other disruptions in the supply chains of manufacturers, but also from engineered closeouts and other sourcing options. We have increased our sourcing and purchasing of high quality closeout merchandise directly from manufacturers and other vendors, typically at prices lower than those paid by traditional discount retailers, to accelerate our ability to deliver unmistakable value. We believe our strong vendor relationships support this sourcing model, and we intend to continue to grow our bargain and treasure merchandise offerings during 2023. 
 
 Our global sourcing team and overseas vendor relationships continue to represent important components of our merchandising strategy. We expect our import partners to responsibly source goods that our merchandising teams identify as having our desired mix of quality and value. During 2022, we purchased approximately 28 of our merchandise, at cost, directly from overseas vendors, including approximately 19 from vendors located in China. Additionally, a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. As a result, a significant portion of our merchandise supply is subject to certain risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 

Advertising and Marketing 
 
 We believe that our brand image is an important part of why our customers choose to shop Big Lots. We also believe our brand image is important to the value proposition that we convey through all of our customer touchpoints. We employ an integrated approach for our marketing touchpoints and investments consisting of: (1) paid media, including television, print, digital, social media, internet, e-mail, and payment card-linked marketing; (2) earned media, including public relations and organic social media; and (3) owned media, including our website, customer loyalty programs, and in-store signage. Total advertising expense as a percentage of total net sales was 1.8 , 1.6 , and 1.7 in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 We have conducted extensive consumer research to enhance our understanding of why customers shop us and the reasons why others do not shop us. We have used this research to refine our brand positioning and implement changes to our messaging across all marketing touchpoints. Our research shows that our customers believe we excel in four key areas or brand pillars: unmistakable value, surprising products, easy shopping, and a delightful experience. Accordingly, our marketing strategy is grounded in these brand pillars. Our marketing tactics are intended to: (1) create a community of bargain hunters and treasure seekers; (2) drive incremental visits from new and existing customers; (3) increase our brand awareness, brand consideration and purchasers; and (4) drive personalized marketing based on our customer data platform. Our consumer research also influences how we merchandise our stores, invest in omnichannel capabilities, design our shopping experience, and invest in our business. 
 
 Our customer data is an important marketing tool that allows us to communicate with our customers in a cost-effective, personalized, and relevant manner, including through e-mail delivery of our circulars, announcement of flash sales, and product-specific promotions. At January 28, 2023, our customer loyalty program, which we call the BIG Rewards Program, included approximately 21 million active members who had made a purchase in our stores in the last 12 months, compared to approximately 22 million active members at January 29, 2022. In addition to the customer communications mentioned above, our BIG Rewards Program rewards our customers for making frequent and high-ticket purchases and offers a special birthday reward. We utilize insights gained through the BIG Rewards Program to evaluate the effectiveness of our promotions, tailor promotions to our customers shopping habits, and gain consumer insights. Our research shows that membership in the BIG Rewards Program is a driver of net sales, and we have incentivized our store associates to encourage customer enrollment into the program. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 We believe our approach to retailing differentiates us from the competition and allows us to make a difference in the communities we serve. Our community-oriented approach to retailing includes doing good as we do well, which means supporting both local and national causes that aid the communities in which we do business. We invest in point of sale campaigns in each of our geographic regions, the beneficiaries of which are selected based on their impacts on local customers and associates. We serve the community on a national level through our Big Lots Foundation, which focuses on healthcare, housing, hunger, and education. In addition, we are pleased to support our local community in Columbus, OH through our partnership with Nationwide Children s Hospital, to which the Company committed 40 million and the Big Lots Foundation committed 10 million to the Big Lots Behavioral Health Pavilion, a state-of-the-art medical facility dedicated to child and adolescent mental and behavioral health, which opened in 2020. 

Competition 
 
 We operate in the highly competitive retail industry. We face strong sales competition from other general merchandise, discount, home, food, furniture, arts and crafts, and dollar store retailers, which operate in traditional brick and mortar stores and/or online. Additionally, we compete with a number of companies for retail site locations and, distribution site locations, to attract and retain quality employees, and to acquire our broad merchandising assortment from vendors. We operate an e-commerce platform which faces additional competition for customer, fulfillment capabilities, and technological innovation from a wider range of retailers in a highly competitive marketplace. 

Real Estate 
 
 The following table compares the number of our stores in operation at the beginning and end of each of the last five fiscal years: 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Stores open at the beginning of the year 1,431 1,408 1,404 1,401 1,416 Stores opened during the year 56 50 24 54 32 Stores closed during the year (62) (27) (20) (51) (47) Stores open at the end of the year 1,425 1,431 1,408 1,404 1,401 
 
 For additional information regarding our real estate strategy, see the discussion under the caption Operating Strategy - Real Estate in the accompanying Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A in this Form 10-K. 

4 

Table of Contents 

 The following table details our U.S. stores by state at January 28, 2023: 
 Alabama 30 Maine 6 Ohio 104 Arizona 35 Maryland 28 Oklahoma 20 Arkansas 12 Massachusetts 23 Oregon 14 California 115 Michigan 47 Pennsylvania 72 Colorado 14 Minnesota 2 Rhode Island 1 Connecticut 15 Mississippi 14 South Dakota 1 Delaware 5 Missouri 25 South Carolina 38 Florida 109 Montana 3 Tennessee 47 Georgia 52 Nebraska 2 Texas 120 Idaho 6 Nevada 13 Utah 7 Illinois 34 New Hampshire 6 Vermont 4 Indiana 45 New Jersey 28 Virginia 44 Iowa 3 New Mexico 12 Washington 27 Kansas 7 New York 68 West Virginia 16 Kentucky 41 North Carolina 76 Wisconsin 11 Louisiana 20 North Dakota 1 Wyoming 2 Total stores 1,425 Number of states 48 
 
 Of our 1,425 stores, 31 operate in four states: California, Texas, Florida, and Ohio, and net sales from stores in these states represented 33 of our 2022 net sales. We have a concentration in these states based on their size, population, and customer base. 

Warehouse and Distribution 
 
 While certain of our merchandise vendors deliver directly to our stores, the large majority of our inventory is staged and delivered from our distribution centers to facilitate prompt and efficient distribution and transportation of merchandise to our stores and help maximize our sales and inventory turnover. 
 
 The majority of our merchandise offerings are processed for retail sale and distributed to our stores from five regional distribution centers located in Alabama, California, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Pennsylvania. 
 
 We selected the locations of our regional distribution centers to help manage transportation costs and to minimize the distance from our distribution centers to our stores. 
 
 In addition to our regional distribution centers that handle store merchandise, we operate two other warehouses within our Ohio distribution center. One warehouse distributes fixtures and supplies to our stores and our five regional distribution centers and the other warehouse serves as a fulfillment center for our direct-ship e-commerce operations. To supplement our e-commerce fulfillment center, we also fulfill direct-ship e-commerce orders from 65 of our store locations, which we strategically selected based on geographic location, size, and other relevant factors. We also fulfill some of our e-commerce orders using supplier direct fulfillment, a process in which the customer purchases merchandise through our e-commerce platform, but the merchandise is shipped directly from the supplier to the customer. Supplier direct fulfillment is primarily used for bulky items that are more costly to warehouse and ship. We continue to evaluate our e-commerce fulfillment capabilities to reduce shipping times. 
 
 In 2021, we opened two small-format forward distribution centers located in Georgia and Pennsylvania, to divert processing and logistics for bulk goods out of our regional distribution centers into our forward distribution centers and, increase the efficiency and capacity of our regional distribution centers, which were designed to efficiently process cartons as opposed to bulk goods. In 2022, we opened two additional small-format forward distribution centers in Washington and Indiana, to accommodate projected purchasing volumes. Each of our four forward distribution centers are operated by a third-party logistics services provider. In March 2023, the Company communicated to our third-party logistics service provider our plans to close all of our forward distribution centers by August 2023 due to the decreases in sales and purchasing volumes. We will 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 continue to evaluate our supply chain needs based on projected purchasing volumes and adjust the capacity of our distribution and fulfillment network accordingly. 
 
 For additional information regarding our warehouses and distribution facilities and related initiatives, see the discussion under the caption Warehouse and Distribution in Item 2. Properties of this Form 10-K. 

Seasonality 
 
 We have historically experienced seasonal fluctuations in our sales and profitability, with a larger percentage of our net sales and operating profit realized in our fourth fiscal quarter, which includes the Christmas holiday selling season. Our quarterly net sales and operating profits can be affected by the timing of new store openings and store closings, advertising, and certain holidays. We historically receive a higher proportion of merchandise, carry higher inventory levels, and incur higher outbound shipping and payroll expenses as a percentage of sales in our third fiscal quarter in anticipation of increased sales activity during our fourth fiscal quarter. Performance during our fourth fiscal quarter typically reflects a leveraging effect which has a favorable impact on our operating results because net sales are higher and certain of our costs, such as rent and depreciation, are fixed and do not vary as sales levels escalate. If our sales performance is significantly better or worse during the Christmas holiday selling season, we would expect a more pronounced impact on our annual financial results than if our sales performance is significantly better or worse in a different season. 
 
 Our net sales in the second quarter of 2020 as a percentage of full year were disproportionately higher as a result of increased demand arising from the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and related government stimulus payments. Similarly, our net sales in the first quarter of 2021 as a percentage of full year were disproportionately higher as demand increased due to government stimulus payments related to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The seasonality of our net sales in 2022 generally aligned with our historical seasonality. The seasonality of our operating results, however, differs significantly due to our recording an operating loss in each quarter of 2022 compared to recording an operating loss in only one quarter (the third quarter of 2021) in the prior two years. This change in the seasonality of our operating results is primarily attributable to inflationary and macroeconomic pressures experienced throughout 2022, which resulted in decreased net sales, decreased gross margin as a percentage of net sales, and increased selling and administrative expenses. 
 
 The following table sets forth the seasonality of net sales and operating profit (loss) for 2022, 2021, and 2020 by fiscal quarter: 
 First Second Third Fourth Fiscal Year 2022 Net sales as a percentage of full year 25.1 24.6 22.0 28.3 Operating loss as a percentage of full year (a) 
 (5.2) (41.7) (50.0) (3.1) Fiscal Year 2021 Net sales as a percentage of full year 26.4 23.7 21.7 28.2 Operating profit (loss) as a percentage of full year 51.1 22.5 (1.7) 28.1 Fiscal Year 2020 Net sales as a percentage of full year 23.2 26.5 22.2 28.1 Operating profit as a percentage of full year (b) 
 8.7 71.0 5.0 15.3 
 
 (a) The second, third, and fourth quarters of 2022 included asset impairment charges of 24.1 million, 21.7 million, and 22.6 million, respectively. The fourth quarter of 2022 also included a gain on sale of real estate and related expenses of 16.8 million related to the sale of 20 owned store locations and one unoccupied land parcel. 
 (b) The second quarter of 2020 included a gain on sale of distribution centers and related expenses of 459.1 million related to the sale and leaseback of four distribution centers. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital 
 
 At January 28, 2023, we had approximately 32,200 active associates comprised of 10,200 full-time and 22,000 part time associates. Approximately 68 of the associates we employed during 2022 were employed on a part-time basis. Temporary associates hired for the holiday selling season increased the total number of associates to a peak of approximately 35,800 in 2022. We are not a party to any labor agreements. We require all of our associates to adhere to our code of ethics and workplace safety protocols. 
 
 We believe our associates are among our most important resources. We evaluate our human capital management at our stores, distribution centers, and corporate headquarters on the basis of associate engagement, diversity, equity, and inclusion, compensation and benefits, talent development and health and safety. 
 
 Associate Engagement 
 We have sent an associate engagement survey to each of the associates in our corporate headquarters and to our field and distribution center leadership on an annual basis to assess our associate engagement and obtain the thoughts of those associates regarding manager effectiveness, performance enablement, and our diversity and inclusion efforts. In 2022, 89 of the associates surveyed responded to the survey with a 77 favorable engagement rate. Based on results of the annual survey, our leaders create action plans to address areas where our associates have told us we can improve. As a structural expense savings measure, we intend to perform future associate engagement surveys on a less frequent basis. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 We recognize the value of creating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive workplace. As a result, diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI is a significant component of our human capital management. As part of our commitment to DEI, we maintain a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council DEI Council ), which is comprised of associates from our stores, distribution centers, and corporate headquarters who represent various job levels, locations, ages, genders, languages, work shifts, races, sexual orientations, and leadership styles, was established in 2020 to lead the development and advancement of our DEI strategy. Additionally, our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Executive Advisory Committee, which is comprised of senior leaders, provides guidance to the DEI Council, approves our DEI strategy and promotes its achievement throughout our organization. In 2022, we integrated our conscious inclusion program into the onboarding process for all of our associates, which we developed to build awareness of our DEI strategy, educate our associates on how we can improve DEI, and ultimately engrain DEI in the culture of the Company. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package to our eligible associates including, among other benefits, incentive compensation, performance-based merit pay, paid holidays, paid vacation, 401(k) match, and healthcare coverage, including medical, dental, and vision insurance with health savings account and flexible savings account options. Our compensation and benefits packages are designed to attract and retain high-performing talent. Additionally, we provide our associates with a company discount on our merchandise and our associates redeemed over 25 million in corporate discounts in 2022. 
 
 Talent Development 
 Talent development is critical to developing the high-performance culture that we seek to foster. Each of our associates participates in an annual goal-setting process and completes an annual performance review, which is followed by periodic discussions throughout the year to assess progress. Each of our managers also completes an individual development plan on an annual basis to set and track long-term goals. Additionally, our business leaders participate in a succession planning process that serves as a tool for identifying and developing high-potential individuals within our organization as well as ensuring business continuity. We also offer a robust catalog of training and development programs to our associates through our Big Lots University training tool, which covers topics including, but not limited to, workplace harassment, safety, ethics, leadership, and job skills. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 The health and safety of our associates is of the utmost importance. We have implemented comprehensive safety protocols in each of our stores, distribution centers, and corporate offices to ensure the safety of associates, customers, and other visitors in each facility. We require each of our associates to complete safety training courses relevant to their jobs, which we track using e-learning tools to ensure compliance. In addition to traditional safety training, we require all of our associates to participate in aggressor/active shooter training and we require our store associates to participate in argumentative and de-escalating conversations training. We reinforce safety standards with re-training requirements and regular, engaging communications. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Environmental, Social and Governance Practices 
 
 Our Environmental, Social and Governance Committee supports the Company s ongoing commitment to environmental, health and safety, corporate social responsibility, corporate governance, sustainability and other public policy matters relevant to the Company ESG Matters ). The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee takes a leadership role in (a) developing the Company s general strategy with respect to ESG Matters, (b) overseeing the development of policies and practices relating to ESG Matters based on such strategy and the integration of such policies and practices into the Company s business operations and strategy, (c) overseeing communications with employees, investors and stakeholders regarding ESG Matters and (d) monitoring and assessing developments relating to, and improving the Company s understanding of, ESG Matters. The Environmental, Social and Governance Committee is comprised of our Chief Legal and Governance Officer, our Chief Financial and Administrative Officer and the leaders of our Compliance/Social, Diversity, Equity Inclusion, Investor Relations, Public Relations and Sustainability functions. The duties and responsibilities of the Environmental, Social and Governance Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the Corporate Governance caption. 
 
 In April 2023, we expect to publish our second corporate social responsibility report, titled BIG Cares, which will address our environmental, social and governance policies, initiatives and achievements. A copy of our first corporate social responsibility report is, and a copy of our second corporate social responsibility report will be, available on our website (www.biglots.com). The contents of our website, including the Big Cares reports, are not incorporated into, or otherwise made a part of, this Form 10-K. 

Available Information 
 
 We make available, free of charge, through the Investors section of our website www.biglots.com under the SEC Filings caption, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as well as our definitive proxy materials filed pursuant to section 14 of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These filings are also available on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . The contents of our website, including the Big Cares report, are not incorporated into, or otherwise made a part of, this Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The statements in this item describe material risks to our business and should be considered carefully. In addition, these statements constitute cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions. From time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public and in oral statements that may be made by us. Such forward-looking statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. They do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Such statements are commonly identified by using words such as anticipate, estimate, continue, could, approximate, expect, objective, goal, project, intend, plan, believe, will, should, may, target, forecast, guidance, outlook, and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, forward-looking statements include statements relating to future actions, future performance, or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. 
 
 We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and potentially inaccurate assumptions. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially from past results or those anticipated, estimated, or projected results set forth in the forward-looking statements. You should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements made or to be made by us. 
 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our future Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 The following cautionary discussion of material risks, uncertainties, and assumptions relevant to our businesses describes factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we presently believe to be immaterial also may adversely impact us. Should any risks or uncertainties develop into actual events, these developments could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. Consequently, all forward-looking statements made or to be made by us are qualified by these cautionary statements, and there can be no assurance that the results or developments we anticipate will be realized or that they will have the expected effects on our business or operations. This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. 
 
 Our ability to achieve the results contemplated by forward-looking statements is subject to a number of factors, any one or a combination of which could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. These factors may include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Operational and Supply Chain Risks 
 
 We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, subject us to potential liability, and potentially disrupt our business. 
 
 We accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit cards, debit cards, credit accounts, our private label credit cards, gift cards, direct debit from a customer s bank account, consumer invoicing, and physical bank checks, and we may offer different payment options over time. These payment options subject us to many compliance requirements, including, but not limited to, compliance with payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, rules governing electronic funds transfers, and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. They also subject us to potential fraud by criminal elements seeking to discover and take advantage of security vulnerabilities that may exist in some of these payment systems. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs and lower profitability. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, gift cards and promotional financing, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. If we fail to comply with these rules or requirements, adequately encrypt payment transaction data, or if our data security systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully refine and execute our operating strategies, our operating performance could be significantly impacted. 
 
 We may not meet or exceed our operating performance targets and goals if our strategies and initiatives are unsuccessful. Our ability to execute and/or refine our operating and strategic plans, as necessary, including cost savings initiatives, could impact our ability to meet our operating performance targets. Additionally, we must effectively adjust our operating and strategic plans over time to adapt to the evolving marketplace. See the MD A in this Form 10-K for additional information concerning our operating strategy. 
 
 Disruption to our distribution network, the capacity of our distribution centers, and our timely receipt of merchandise inventory could adversely affect our operating performance. 
 
 We rely on our ability to replenish depleted merchandise inventory through deliveries to our distribution centers and from the distribution centers to our stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, rail and truck carriers. A decrease in the capacity of carriers and/or labor strikes or shortages, disruptions or shortages in the transportation industry could negatively affect our distribution network, our timely receipt of merchandise and/or our transportation costs. In addition, disruptions to the U.S. and international transportation infrastructure from wars, political unrest, terrorism, natural disasters (including extreme weather), pandemic diseases, governmental budget constraints and other significant events that lead to delays or interruptions of service could adversely affect our business. Also, a fire, earthquake, or other disaster (including extreme weather) at one of our distribution centers could disrupt our timely receipt, processing and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business. Additionally, as we seek to expand our operation through store count growth and advancement of our online retail capabilities, we may face increased or unexpected demands on distribution center operations, as well as new demands on our distribution network. 

9 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on manufacturers located in foreign countries, including China, for significant amounts of merchandise, including a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise. Our business may be materially adversely affected by risks associated with international trade, including the impact of tariffs and/or sanctions imposed by the U.S. with respect to certain consumer goods imported from China, and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in driving higher operating profit. During 2022, we purchased approximately 28 of our products, at cost, directly from overseas vendors, including 19 from vendors located in China. Additionally, a significant amount of our domestically-purchased merchandise is manufactured abroad. Our ability to identify qualified vendors and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to goods sourced outside of the U.S. Global sourcing and foreign trade involve numerous risks and uncertainties beyond our control, including increased shipping costs, increased import duties, more restrictive quotas, loss of most favored nation trading status, currency and exchange rate fluctuations, work stoppages, transportation delays, economic uncertainties such as inflation, foreign government regulations, political unrest, pandemic diseases, natural disasters, war, terrorism, trade restrictions and tariffs (including retaliation by the U.S. against foreign practices or by foreign countries against U.S. practices), the financial stability of vendors, or merchandise quality issues. U.S. policy on trade restrictions frequently changes and may result in new laws, regulations, or treaties that increase the costs of importing goods and/or limit the scope of available foreign vendors. These and other issues affecting our international vendors could materially adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 The majority of our products and components of our products imported from China are currently subject to tariffs and proposed tariffs. As a result, we are continually evaluating the potential impact of the effective and proposed tariffs on our supply chain, costs, sales, and profitability, and are considering strategies to mitigate such impact, including reviewing sourcing options, exploring first sale valuation strategies, filing requests for exclusion from the tariffs with the U.S. Trade Representative for certain product lines, and working with our vendors and merchants. Given the volatility and uncertainty regarding the scope and duration of these tariffs, as well as the potential for additional trade actions by the U.S. or other countries, the impact on our operations and results is uncertain and could be significant. We can provide no assurance that any strategies we implement to mitigate the impact of such tariffs or other trade actions will be successful. To the extent that our supply chain, costs, sales, or profitability are negatively affected by the tariffs or other trade actions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to lead to general manufacturing and supply chain disruption, particularly in China, including manufacturers and supply chains that produce our retail merchandise, supplies, and fixtures. To the extent our manufacturers, supply chain and associated costs are negatively affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, including delayed shipment of seasonally sensitive product offerings, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The recent cessation of operations by a key furniture supplier, United Furniture Industries, Inc., significantly and adversely impacted our operations in 2022 and could materially adversely impact our results of operations. 
 
 United Furniture Industries, Inc. UFI unexpectedly and without notice to us ceased operations and terminated its employees on November 21, 2022. Furniture products supplied by UFI to the Company represented approximately 6 of our merchandise purchases in 2022. We are closely monitoring this developing situation, evaluating its potential impact on our business and reviewing our rights and legal and strategic options. We believe that we have identified merchandise sourcing alternatives to fill both near and long term gaps in our product offerings that may result from UFI s cessation of operations, including, among other things, obtaining merchandise from other furniture vendors, pursuing closeout opportunities and acquiring additional non furniture merchandise. We expect the assortment gaps related to the UFI closure to be fully mitigated by the end of the second quarter of 2023. Over time, if we are unable to secure alternative sources of merchandise on acceptable terms to replace merchandise previously sourced from UFI, our results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Our inability to properly manage our inventory levels and offer merchandise that meets changing customer demands may materially impact our business and financial performance. 
 
 We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to successfully operate our business. However, we also must seek to avoid accumulating excess inventory to maintain appropriate in-stock levels based on evolving customer demands. We obtain approximately 28 of our merchandise directly from vendors outside of the U.S. These foreign vendors often require us to order merchandise and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase of such merchandise well in advance of the time we offer these products for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in rapidly responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price and in consumer preferences. For example, in the second and third quarters of 2022, we aggressively discounted Seasonal and other products to reduce inventory levels which negatively impacted our gross margins. In addition, we attempt to maximize our operating profit and operating efficiency by delivering proper quantities of merchandise to our stores in a timely manner. If we do not accurately anticipate future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to replenish inventory levels, our inventory levels may not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain or upgrade our information technology or computer systems or if such systems are damaged or cease to function properly, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient. 
 
 We depend on a variety of information technology and computer systems for the efficient functioning of our business. We rely on certain hardware, telecommunications and software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. Various components of our information technology and computer systems, including hardware, networks, and software, are licensed to us by third party vendors. We rely extensively on our information technology and computer systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business, including management and distribution of our inventory. Our information technology and computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, cyberattacks or other security breaches, obsolescence, catastrophic events and extreme weather conditions such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornados, hurricanes, acts of war or terrorism, and usage errors by our employees or our contractors. In recent years, we have begun using vendor-hosted solutions for certain of our information technology and computer systems, which are more exposed to telecommunication failures. 
 
 If our information technology or computer systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations as a result. Any material interruption experienced by our information technology or computer systems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Costs and potential interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of our existing systems could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our business. 
 
 If we are unable to retain existing and/or secure suitable new store locations under favorable lease terms, our financial performance may be negatively affected. 
 
 We lease almost all of our stores, and a significant number of the store leases expire or are up for renewal each year, as noted below in Item 2. Properties and in MD A in this Form 10-K. Our strategy to improve our financial performance includes increasing sales while managing the occupancy cost of each of our stores. A primary component of our sales growth strategy is increasing our comparable store sales, which requires renewing many leases each year. Additional components of our sales growth strategy include opening new store locations, either as an expansion in an existing market or as an entrance into a new market, and relocating certain existing stores to new locations within existing markets. If we are unable to negotiate favorable lease renewals and/or new store leases under unfavorable lease terms or at all, our financial position, results of operations, and liquidity may be negatively affected. 
 
 Shareholder activism could result in potential operational disruption, divert our resources and management s attention and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Shareholder activism, which may arise in various forms and situations, could divert management s attention from its current strategies, require us to incur substantial legal, consulting, and public relations fees, and could result in potential operational disruption. Further, any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control could result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. Any perceived uncertainties could also adversely affect the price and volatility of our stock. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Market and Competitive Risks 
 
 Further deterioration in general economic conditions, disposable income levels, and other conditions, such as unseasonable weather, pandemic diseases, inflation, or global events, could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise, and materially adversely affect our revenues and gross margin. 
 
 Our results of operations can be directly and materially impacted by the health of the U.S. economy. Our business and financial performance may be adversely impacted by current and future economic conditions, including factors that may restrict or otherwise negatively impact consumer financing, disposable income levels, unemployment levels, energy costs and interest rates, recession, inflation, and other matters, such as tax reform, natural disasters, climate change, pandemic diseases, wars, or terrorist activities, that influence consumer spending. Specifically, our Soft Home, Hard Home, Furniture and Seasonal merchandise categories may be threatened when disposable income levels are negatively impacted by economic conditions. In 2022 and continuing into 2023, the U.S. has experienced its highest level of inflation in decades. This inflation and the general economic conditions, which we anticipate will persist through 2023, have negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, disposable income levels and discretionary spending. 
 
 Additionally, the net sales of cyclical product offerings in our Seasonal category may be threatened when we experience extended periods of unseasonable or extreme weather, including unseasonable weather caused by climate change. Inclement weather can also negatively impact our Furniture category, as many customers transport the product home personally. In particular, the economic conditions and weather patterns of four states (California, Texas, Florida, and Ohio) are important as approximately 31 of our current stores operate and 33 of our 2022 net sales occurred in these states. 
 
 If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive discount retail industry, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The discount retail industry, which includes both traditional brick and mortar stores and online marketplaces, is highly competitive. As discussed in Item 1 of this Form 10-K, we compete for customers, products, employees, real estate, and other aspects of our business with a number of other companies. Some of our competitors have broader distribution (e.g., more stores and/or a more established online presence), and/or greater financial, marketing, and other resources than us. It is possible that increased competition, significant discounting, improved performance by our competitors, an inability to distinguish our brand from our competitors, or failure to effectively promote our brand image to younger generations may reduce our market share, gross margin, and operating margin, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to compete effectively in the omnichannel retail marketplace, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Competition from other retailers in the online retail marketplace is intense and growing. Certain of our competitors, including several pure online retailers, have established online operations that we compete against for customers and products. It is possible that the competition in the online retail space may reduce our market share, gross margin, and operating margin, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other ways. Our operations include an e-commerce platform with multiple fulfillment options to enhance our omnichannel experience. Operating an e-commerce platform is a complex undertaking and rapidly evolving. We must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments. There is no guarantee that the resources we have applied to this effort will increase revenues or improve operating performance. If our online retailing initiatives do not meet our customers expectations, the initiatives may reduce our customers desire to purchase goods from us both online and at our brick and mortar stores and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Fluctuation in commodity prices, including but not limited to diesel fuel and other fuels used by utilities to generate power, could materially adversely impact our gross margin and operating profit. 
 
 Transporting merchandise, supplies, fixtures, and other materials to and from our distribution centers and stores requires significant volumes of diesel fuel and other fuels. As a result, fluctuations in the prices of diesel fuel and other fuels, including increases in fuel prices, directly impact the carrying cost of inventory, the cost of outbound transportation from our distribution centers to our stores, and the cost to transport other materials and supplies. Additionally, we consume significant volumes of electricity and natural gas to heat, cool, and operate equipment in our stores and distribution centers. Our utility providers depend on various fuels to generate and transport electricity and natural gas, the cost of which is typically passed through to us as the consumer. A rise in the cost of fuels used to generate and transport electricity and natural gas could materially adversely impact our gross margins and our operating profit. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Cybersecurity Risks 
 
 If we are unable to secure customer, employee, vendor and company data, our systems could be compromised, our reputation could be damaged, and we could be subject to penalties or lawsuits. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we process and collect relevant data about our customers, employees and vendors. The protection of our customer, employee, vendor and company data and information is critical to us. We have implemented procedures, processes and technologies designed to safeguard our customers debit and credit card information and other private data, our employees and vendors private data, and our records and intellectual property. We utilize third-party service providers in connection with certain technology related activities, including credit card processing, website hosting, data encryption and software support. We require these providers to take appropriate measures to secure such data and information and assess their ability to do so. 
 
 Despite our procedures, technologies and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that our information technology systems or the information technology systems of our third-party service providers are preventing, containing, or detecting, or will be able to prevent, contain or detect all cyberattacks, cyberterrorism, or security breaches. As evidenced by other retailers who have suffered serious security breaches, we may be vulnerable to data security breaches and data loss, including cyberattacks. A material breach of our security measures or our third-party service providers security measures, the misuse of our customer, employee, vendor and company data or information or our failure to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could result in the exposure of sensitive data or information, attract a substantial amount of negative media attention, damage our customer or employee relationships and our reputation and brand, distract the attention of management from their other responsibilities, subject us to government enforcement actions, private litigation, penalties and costly response measures, and result in lost sales and a reduction in the market value of our common shares. While we have taken actions to mitigate our financial risk, in the event we experience a material data or information security breach, our protection may not be sufficient to cover the impact to our business. 
 
 In addition, the data and information security and privacy regulatory environment is increasingly demanding, as new and revised requirements are frequently imposed across our business. Compliance with more demanding privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. 
 
 Human Capital Risks 
 
 If we are unable to attract, train, and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs, our financial performance may be negatively affected. 
 
 Our customers expect a positive shopping experience, which is driven by a high level of customer service from our associates and a quality presentation of our merchandise. Additionally, our customers expect merchandise to be in stock in our stores and online, which is partially driven by the timely delivery of merchandise from our distribution centers to our stores. To grow our operations and meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train, and retain a large number of highly qualified associates, and also control labor costs. We compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates and many of our store and distribution center positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can increase training and retention costs. In addition, our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, prevailing wage rates, the impact of federal, state, or local minimum wage legislation, the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations or benefits, and health insurance costs. 
 
 The loss of key personnel may have a material impact on our future business and results of operations. 
 
 We believe that we benefit substantially from the leadership and experience of our senior executives. The loss of the services of these individuals could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Competition for key personnel in the retail industry is intense, and our future success will depend on our ability to recruit, train, and retain our senior executives and other qualified personnel. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Regulatory and Legal Liability Risks 
 
 Changes in federal or state legislation and regulations, including the effects of legislation and regulations on product safety and hazardous materials, could increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our operating performance. 
 
 New federal or state legislation, including new product safety and hazardous material laws and regulations, may negatively impact our operations, increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our operating performance. Changes in product safety legislation or regulations may lead to product recalls and the disposal or write-off of merchandise, as well as fines or penalties and reputational damage. If our merchandise and food products do not meet applicable governmental safety standards or our customers expectations regarding quality or safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, reputational damage, and increased legal risk. 
 
 In addition, if we discard or dispose of our merchandise, particularly merchandise which is non-salable, inconsistently with applicable waste management standards, we could expose ourselves to certain fines and litigation costs related to hazardous material regulations. Our inability to comply on a timely basis with regulatory requirements, execute product recalls in a timely manner, or consistently implement waste management standards, could result in fines or penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety of the products we sell could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. If this occurs, it may be difficult for us to regain lost sales. 
 
 We are subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, including Fair Labor Standards Act, state wage and hour, and shareholder class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance. 
 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation and regulatory actions, including various collective, class action or shareholder derivative lawsuits that may be brought against us for alleged violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act, state wage and hour laws, sales tax and consumer protection laws, False Claims Act, federal securities laws and environmental and hazardous waste regulations among others. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we may not be able to accurately determine the impact on us of any future adverse outcome of such proceedings. The ultimate resolution of these matters could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. In addition, regardless of the outcome, these proceedings could result in substantial cost to us and require us to devote substantial attention and resources to defend ourselves. For a description of certain current legal proceedings, see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory or market responses to global climate change. 
 
 Growing concern over climate change has led policy makers in the U.S. to consider the enactment of legislative and regulatory proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on greenhouse gas emissions. Such laws, if enacted, are likely to impact our business in a number of ways. For example, we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline and electricity in conducting our operations. Increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs, which could materially affect our profitability. Compliance with any new or more stringent laws or requirements, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers. Our inability to appropriately respond to such changes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Our current insurance program may expose us to unexpected costs and negatively affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our insurance coverage is subject to deductibles, self-insured retentions, limits of liability and similar provisions that we believe are prudent based on our overall operations. We may incur certain types of losses that we cannot insure or that we believe are not economically reasonable to insure, such as losses due to acts of war, employee and certain other crime, some natural disasters, and pandemic diseases. If we incur these losses and they are material, our financial condition and result of operations could suffer. Certain material events may result in sizable losses for the insurance industry and adversely impact the availability of adequate insurance coverage or result in excessive premium increases. To offset negative cost trends in the insurance market, we may elect to self-insure, accept higher deductibles or reduce the amount of coverage in response to these market changes. In addition, we self-insure a significant portion of expected losses under our workers compensation, general liability, including automobile, and group health insurance programs. Unanticipated changes in any applicable actuarial assumptions and management estimates underlying our recorded liabilities for these self-insured losses, including potential increases in medical and indemnity costs, could result in significantly different expenses than expected under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Although we continue to maintain property insurance for catastrophic events, we are self-insured for losses up to the amount of our deductibles. If we experience a greater number of self-insured losses than we anticipate, our financial performance could be adversely affected. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 
 If we are unable to comply with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement, our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We borrow funds under our 900 million five-year asset-based revolving credit facility (the 2022 Credit Agreement ), from time to time depending on operating or other cash flow requirements. The 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including, where applicable, restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, redeem or repurchase stock, prepay certain indebtedness, make certain loans and investments, dispose of assets, enter into restrictive agreements, engage in transactions with affiliates, modify organizational documents, incur liens and consummate mergers and other fundamental changes) and events of default. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 if (1) certain events of default occur and continue or (2) borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the Maximum Credit Amount (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) or (b) 67.5 million. These covenants could impose significant operating and financial limitations and restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to enter into particular transactions that we believe are advisable or necessary for our business. Our ability to comply with these covenants and other provisions in the 2022 Credit Agreement may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments, or other events beyond our control. We are also subject to cross default provisions under the synthetic lease arrangement for our distribution center in Apple Valley, CA. A violation of these covenants could result in a default under the 2022 Credit Agreement which would permit the lenders to restrict our ability to further access the 2022 Credit Agreement for loans and letters of credit and require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement. Our failure to comply with these covenants may have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 In addition, our ability to borrow under the 2022 Credit Agreement is limited by the amount of our borrowing base which consists of eligible credit card receivables and eligible inventory (including in-transit inventory), subject to customary exceptions and reserves. 
 
 Any negative impact on the elements of our borrowing base could reduce our borrowing capacity under the 2022 Credit Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future and is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, tax and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal and interest payments in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures or seek additional equity. The terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement or future debt agreements may also restrict us from effecting any of these alternatives. Further, changes in the credit and capital markets, including market disruptions and interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing, make it more difficult to obtain favorable terms, or restrict our access to these sources of future liquidity. Our inability to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to effect any other action relating to our indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at all could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 A continued decline in our operating (loss) profit may impair our ability to realize the value of our long-lived assets. 
 
 We are required by accounting rules to periodically assess our property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and intangible assets for impairment and recognize an impairment loss, if necessary. In performing these assessments, we use our historical financial performance to determine whether we have potential impairments or valuation concerns and as evidence to support our assumptions about future financial performance. A significant decline in our financial performance could negatively affect the results of our assessments of the recoverability of our property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, deferred tax assets, and our intangible assets and trigger the impairment of these assets. For example, in 2022, we incurred 68.4 million of impairments relating to underperforming stores. Impairment charges taken against property and equipment, operating lease right-of-use assets, and intangible assets could be material and could have a material adverse impact on our capital resources, financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Other Risks 
 
 We also may be subject to a number of other factors which may, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business, capital resources, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. These factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Changes in governmental laws, case law and regulations, including changes that increase our effective tax rate, comprehensive tax reform, or other matters related to taxation; 
 Changes in accounting standards, including new interpretations and updates to current standards; 
 Events or circumstances could occur which could create bad publicity for us or for the types of merchandise offered in our stores which may negatively impact our business results including our sales; 
 Infringement of our intellectual property, including the Big Lots trademarks, could dilute their value; and 
 Other risks described from time to time in our filings with the SEC. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 Retail Operations 
 
 All of our stores are located in the U.S., predominantly in strip shopping centers, and have an average store size of approximately 33,300 square feet, of which an average of 23,100 is selling square feet. For additional information about the properties in our retail operations, see the discussion under the caption Real Estate in Item 1. Business and under the caption Operating Strategy - Real Estate in MD A in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The average capital expenditures invested to open a new store in a leased facility during 2022 was approximately 1.3 million, which includes the cost of construction and fixtures, excludes any landlord-provided funding, and reflects the benefit of lower capital expenditures at certain of our stores where our landlord completed construction. All of our stores are leased, except for the 25 stores we own in the following states: 
 State Stores Owned California 14 Florida 3 Louisiana 1 Michigan 1 New Mexico 2 Ohio 1 Texas 3 Total 25 
 
 Additionally, we own five closed sites which we are not currently operating and are available for sale. Since these owned sites are no longer operating as active stores, they are excluded from our store counts at January 28, 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the sale of 20 owned store locations (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of real estate). 
 
 Store leases generally obligate us for fixed monthly rental payments plus the payment, in most cases, of our applicable portion of real estate taxes, common area maintenance costs CAM ), and property insurance. Some leases require the payment of a percentage of sales in addition to minimum rent. Such payments generally are required only when sales exceed a specified level. Our typical store lease is for an initial minimum term of approximately ten years with multiple five-year renewal options. Nineteen of our store leases have sales termination clauses that allow us to exit the location at our option if we do not achieve certain sales volume results. An additional seventeen store leases have generic early termination clauses that allow us to exit the location upon providing sufficient notice to the landlord. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the number of store lease expirations in each of the next five fiscal years and the total thereafter. As stated above, many of our store leases have renewal options. The table also includes the number of leases that are scheduled to expire each year that do not have a renewal option. The table includes leases for stores with more than one lease and leases for stores not yet open, and excludes eight month-to-month leases and 25 owned locations. 
 Fiscal Year: Expiring Leases Leases Without Options 2023 210 48 2024 190 30 2025 211 31 2026 229 42 2027 168 37 Thereafter 389 18 
 
 Warehouse and Distribution 
 
 At January 28, 2023, we leased and operated approximately 9.0 million square feet of distribution center and warehouse space in five regional distribution facilities strategically located across the U.S.. The regional distribution centers utilize warehouse management technology, which we believe enables accurate and efficient processing of merchandise from vendors to our retail stores. The combined output of our regional distribution centers was approximately 2.0 million merchandise cartons per week in 2022. Certain vendors deliver merchandise directly to our stores when it supports our operational goal to deliver merchandise from our vendors to the sales floor in the most efficient manner. We operate an e-commerce fulfillment center out of our Columbus, OH warehouse. To supplement our Columbus, OH e-commerce fulfillment center, we began fulfilling direct-ship e-commerce orders from 65 of our store locations, which we strategically selected based on geographic location, size, and other relevant factors. 
 
 Distribution centers and warehouse space, and the corresponding square footage of the regional distribution centers, by location at January 28, 2023, were as follows: 
 Location Year Opened Total Square Footage Number of Stores Served (Square footage in thousands) Columbus, OH 1989 3,559 340 Montgomery, AL 1996 1,411 325 Tremont, PA 2000 1,295 313 Durant, OK 2004 1,297 229 Apple Valley, CA 2019 1,416 218 Total 8,978 1,425 
 
 At January 28, 2023, we also leased four small-format forward distribution centers, which are operated by a third-party logistics service provider. These forward distribution centers divert processing and logistics for bulk goods from our regional distribution centers into the forward distribution centers, and increase the efficiency of our regional distribution centers, which are designed to efficiently process cartons as opposed to bulk goods. The locations and respective square footage of the forward distribution centers at January 28, 2023, were as follows: 
 
 Location Year Opened Total Square Footage (Square footage in thousands) McDonough, GA 2021 485 Bethel, PA 2021 587 Lacey, WA 2022 204 Merrillville, IN 2022 262 Total 1,538 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 We intend to close all of our forward distribution centers by August 2023. For additional information regarding our closure of the forward distribution centers, see the discussion under the caption Warehouse and Distribution in Item 1 . Warehouse and D istribution of this Form 10-K. We will continue to evaluate our supply chain needs based on projected purchasing volumes and adjust the capacity of our distribution and fulfillment network accordingly. 
 
 Corporate Office 
 
 We own a facility in Columbus, Ohio that serves as our corporate headquarters. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For information regarding certain legal proceedings to which we have been named a party or are subject, see Note 8 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Supplemental Item. Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Our executive officers at March 28, 2023 were as follows: 
 Name Age Offices Held Officer Since Bruce K. Thorn 55 President and Chief Executive Officer 2018 Gene Eddie Burt 57 Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer 2020 Margarita Giannantonio 61 Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer 2022 Andrej Mueller 47 Executive Vice President, eCommerce, Strategy, and Merchandise Solutions 
 2019 Nicholas E. Padovano 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Stores Officer 2014 Jonathan E. Ramsden 58 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer 2019 Ronald A. Robins, Jr. 59 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal and Governance Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 2015 Michael A. Schlonsky 56 Executive Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer 2000 
 
 Bruce K. Thorn is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before joining Big Lots in September 2018, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Tailored Brands, Inc., a specialty retailer of men s tailored clothing and formalwear, from 2015 to 2018. Mr. Thorn also held various enterprise-level roles with PetSmart, Inc., most recently as Executive Vice President, Store Operations, Services and Supply Chain, as well as leadership positions with Gap, Inc., Cintas Corp, LESCO, Inc. and The United States Army. Mr. Thorn also serves on the board of directors of Caleres, Inc. 
 
 Gene Eddie Burt is responsible for our supply chain and logistics. He was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer in January 2021 after serving as our Senior Vice President, Supply Chain since joining us in March 2019. Prior to joining us, Mr. Burt served as the Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Supply Chain at GNC Holdings, a specialty nutrition retailer. Additionally, Mr. Burt spent eight years with PetSmart, Inc., in multiple Vice President and Senior Vice President roles focusing on distribution, transportation, supply chain, and real estate development. His experience also includes logistics and supply chain roles with Tuesday Morning Corporation and Home Depot, Inc. Mr. Burt also serves on the board of directors of Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Margarita Giannantiono is responsible for merchandising, merchandise presentation, and e-commerce. Ms. Giannantonio joined us in November 2022 as Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer. Prior to joining us, Ms. Giannantonio spent 10 years at TJX Canada, where she was most recently Senior Vice President and General Merchandise Manager of TJX Canada. Ms. Giannantonio also previously served in roles with Hudson's Bay Company, a multi-brand retailer, Incredible Clothing Company, The House2/Stylekraft Sportswear, and Hugo Boss Canada. She has been recognized by the Canadian Woman's Business Association as the Woman of the Year and has more than 30 years of experience in merchandising, sales, marketing, and product development in the apparel, home and housewares merchandise categories. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Andrej Mueller is responsible for e-commerce, strategy, and merchandise solutions. Mr. Mueller joined us in October 2019 as Executive Vice President, Business Strategy and now serves as the Executive Vice President, e-commerce, Strategy, and Merchandise Solutions. Prior to joining us, Mr. Mueller spent 18 years at Boston Consulting Group, an international management consulting firm, where he most recently was a partner and managing director. He has over 15 years of experience in the consumer products sector across a broad range of categories including personal care, snacks, beverages, cheese and dairy, and durable goods. He has worked in both developed and developing trade environments in Western and Eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, South Africa, and Latin America. 
 
 Nicholas E. Padovano is responsible for store operations and customer engagement. He was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Stores Officer in March 2021. Mr. Padovano joined us in 2014 as Senior Vice President, Store Operations. Prior to joining us, Mr. Padovano was an executive at the Hudson Bay Company, a department store retailer, where he was responsible for store operations of the Bay and Zellers brands. Additionally, Mr. Padovano served as Head of Stores, Distribution and Supply Chain for Lowes Canada, a home improvement retailer. 
 
 Jonathan E. Ramsden is responsible for financial reporting and controls, financial planning and analysis, treasury, risk management, tax, internal audit, investor relations, real estate, asset protection, and merchandise planning and allocation. Mr. Ramsden joined us in August 2019 as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Ramsden served for over seven years with Abercrombie Fitch Co., an apparel retailer, as Chief Financial Officer and then later Chief Operating Officer. Additionally, Mr. Ramsden spent 10 years as Chief Financial Officer of TBWA Worldwide, a global marketing services group, after having served as Controller of TBWA s parent, Omnicom Group Inc. 
 
 Ronald A. Robins, Jr. is responsible for legal affairs, corporate governance and related matters. Mr. Robins was promoted to Executive Vice President in September 2019, and now serves as the Chief Legal and Governance Officer. Prior to that, Mr. Robins served as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since joining us. Prior to joining us, Mr. Robins was a partner at Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP and also previously served as General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and Secretary of Abercrombie Fitch Co., an apparel retailer. 
 
 Michael A. Schlonsky is responsible for talent management and oversight of human resources. He was promoted to Executive Vice President in August 2015, and now serves as the Chief Human Resources Officer. He was promoted to Senior Vice President, Human Resources in August 2012 and promoted to Vice President, Associate Relations and Benefits in 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Schlonsky was promoted to Vice President, Associate Relations and Risk Management in 2005. Mr. Schlonsky joined us in 1993 as Staff Counsel and was promoted to Director, Risk Management in 1998, and to Vice President, Risk Management and Administrative Services in 2000. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol BIG. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding our repurchase of common shares during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2022: 
 (In thousands, except price per share data) Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (1)(2) 
 (b) Average Price Paid per Share (1)(2) 
 (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 30, 2022 - November 26, 2022 3 19.23 159,425 November 27, 2022 - December 24, 2022 3 19.17 159,425 December 25, 2022 - January 28, 2023 18.18 159,425 Total 6 19.19 159,425 
 
 (1) In November 2022, December 2022, and January 2023, in connection with the vesting of certain outstanding restricted stock units, we acquired 3,279, 2,370, and 64 of our common shares, respectively, which were withheld to satisfy minimum statutory income tax withholdings. 
 
 (2) On December 1, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 250.0 million of our common shares (the 2021 Repurchase Authorization ). During the fourth quarter of 2022, we had no repurchases under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. At January 28, 2023, the 2021 Repurchase Authorization has 159.4 million of remaining authorization. The 2021 Repurchase Authorization has no scheduled termination date. 
 
 At the close of trading on the NYSE on March 24, 2023, there were approximately 885 registered holders of record of our common shares. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 The following graph and table compares, for the five fiscal years ended January 28, 2023, the cumulative total shareholder return for our common shares, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Retailing Index. Measurement points are the last trading day of each of our fiscal years ended February 2, 2019, February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and January 28, 2023. The graph and table assume that 100 was invested on February 3, 2018, in each of our common shares, the S P 500 Index, and the S P 500 Retailing Index and reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph and table is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Indexed Returns Years Ended Base Period January January January January January January Company / Index 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Big Lots, Inc. 100.00 55.95 50.43 116.80 79.77 35.52 S P 500 Index 100.00 99.94 121.49 142.45 172.36 160.94 S P 500 Retailing Index 100.00 108.22 130.53 184.54 195.42 161.84 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 
 
 The discussion and analysis presented below should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. Please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for a discussion of forward-looking statements and certain risk factors that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or liquidity. 
 
 Our fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31, which results in some fiscal years with 52 weeks and some with 53 weeks. Fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 were comprised of 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2023 will be comprised of 53 weeks. 

Operating Results Summary 
 
 The following are the results from 2022 that we believe are key indicators of our financial condition and results of operations when compared to 2021. 
 
 Net sales decreased 682.3 million, or 11.1 . 
 Comparable sales for stores open at least fifteen months, plus our e-commerce operations, decreased 766.6 million, or 12.9 . 
 Gross margin dollars decreased 483.5 million and gross margin rate decreased 400 basis points to 35.0 of net sales. 
 Selling and administrative expenses increased 5.4 million to 2,020.1 million. As a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased 410 basis points to 36.9 of net sales. 
 Included within our selling and administrative expenses were non-cash store asset impairment charges related to underperforming stores of 68.4 million, in 2022, compared to 5.0 million, in 2021. Non-cash store asset impairment charges in 2022, decreased our diluted (loss) earnings per share by approximately 1.79 per share. Non-cash store asset impairment charges in 2021, decreased our diluted earnings per share by approximately 0.11 per share. 
 Also included within our selling and administrative expenses was a gain on sale of real estate and related expenses of 18.6 million. Included within our depreciation expense was a 1.7 million charge for accelerated depreciation on fixtures and equipment associated with the closure of the sold stores. The net gain on sale of real estate and related expenses in 2022 decreased our operating loss by 16.8 million and decreased our diluted loss per share by approximately 0.44 per share. 
 Operating (loss) profit decreased 501.3 million to an operating loss of 261.5 million in 2022, compared to an operating profit of 239.8 million in 2021. 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share decreased 237.0 to diluted loss per share of 7.30), compared to diluted earnings per share of 5.33 in 2021. 
 Our (loss) return on invested capital decreased to (17.3) from 14.9 . 
 Long-term debt increased 297.9 million, from 3.5 million at the end of 2021 to 301.4 million at the end of 2022. 
 Inventory decreased 89.8 million, or 7.3 , to 1,147.9 million. 
 We declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends in the amount of 0.30 per common share, for total dividends paid of 37.0 million. 

22 

Table of Contents 

 The following table compares components of our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales: 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation expense shown separately below) 65.0 61.0 59.7 Gross margin 35.0 39.0 40.3 Selling and administrative expenses 36.9 32.8 31.7 Depreciation expense 2.8 2.3 2.2 Gain on sale of distribution centers 0.0 0.0 (7.5) Operating (loss) profit (4.8) 3.9 13.8 Interest expense (0.4) (0.2) (0.2) Other income (expense) 0.0 0.0 (0.0) (Loss) income before income taxes (5.1) 3.8 13.6 Income tax (benefit) expense (1.3) 0.9 3.5 Net (loss) income (3.9) 2.9 10.1 
 
 See the discussion below under the caption 2022 Compared To 2021 for additional information regarding the specific components of our operating results. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2022 for a comparison of our operating results for 2021 to our operating results for 2020, which was filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022. 
 
 In 2022, we recognized non-cash store asset impairments of 68.4 million related to underperforming stores in our chain, which included impairments of both operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment. The store asset impairment charges increased our operating loss by 68.4 million and decreased our diluted (loss) earnings per share by approximately 1.79 per share. In 2022, we also recognized a gain on sale of real estate and related expenses of 16.8 million related to the sale of twenty owned store locations and one unoccupied land parcel. The gain on sale of real estate and related expenses decreased our diluted (loss) earnings per share by approximately 0.44 per share. See Note 2 , Note 4 and Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the store asset impairment charges and gain on sale of real estate and related expenses. 
 
 In 2021, we recognized non-cash store asset impairments of 5.0 million related to underperforming stores in our chain, which included impairments of both operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment. The store asset impairment charges decreased our operating profit by 5.0 million and decreased our diluted earnings per share by approximately 0.11 per share. See Note 2 and Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the store asset impairment charges. 
 
 In 2020, we recognized a gain on sale of distribution centers of 463.1 million related to the sale and leaseback of four distribution centers. Additionally, our selling and administrative expenses include 4.0 million of consulting and other costs associated with the sale and leaseback transactions. The combined gain on sale of distribution centers and associated consulting and other expenses increased our operating profit by 459.1 million and increased our diluted earnings per share by approximately 8.75 per share. See Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale and leaseback transactions. 

Operating Strategy 
 
 In 2019, the Company completed a comprehensive review of its operating strategy. The outcome of the review was a multi-year plan for a strategic transformation, which we refer to as Operation North Star. While the core objectives of Operation North Star have remained the same, Operation North Star continues to evolve as our business progresses. 
 
 Operation North Star 
 Operation North Star has three primary objectives: 
 Drive profitable long-term growth; 
 Fund the journey; and 
 Create long-term shareholder value. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Drive profitable long-term growth 
 The drive profitable long-term growth objective of Operation North Star is focused on growing our net sales, which includes: 
 Growing store relevance by: 
 Opening approximately 18 new stores in 2023, with concentration in low density markets; 
 Developing a more compelling reason to shop across all stores by differentiating our assortment in high density markets versus low density markets; and 
 Evaluating the profitability of stores within our fleet to ensure healthy long-term growth. 
 Increasing our sales productivity by: 
 Owning Bargains and Treasures to enhance the excitement of our product assortment; 
 Increasing gross margin, reducing expenses and making effective investment decisions; and 
 Communicating unmistakable comparable value to grow trust in our pricing and make shopping easier. 
 Winning with e-commerce by: 
 Simplifying our online shopping experience to provide an easier and more pleasant experience; 
 Improving online customer satisfaction by utilizing customer feedback to make improvements; and 
 Growing site traffic through targeted marketing and brand growth. 
 
 Fund the journey 
 The fund the journey objective of Operation North Star is focused on implementing the following cost reduction initiatives to generate savings that we can invest in the growth areas of our business: 
 Expanding our gross margin rate; 
 Increasing store efficiency and productivity; 
 Increasing organizational efficiency; 
 Encouraging a culture of frugality; and 
 Continuously analyzing our purchasing habits and vendor agreements to ensure we are maximizing our buying power and making cost-effective decisions. 
 
 Create long-term shareholder value 
 The create long-term shareholder value objective represents the culmination of our drive profitable long-term growth and fund the journey objectives. If we effectively execute the first two objectives of Operation North Star, we believe that we will deliver value to our shareholders through earnings growth over time. 
 
 Operation North Star Progress 
 In 2022, we successfully completed the following under our Operation North Star strategy: 
 Implemented a new Lots under 5 presentation initiative in the majority of our stores, providing incremental assortment at an attractive price point; 
 Enhanced our shrink mitigation programs by adding cart locking systems and expanding security tagging; 
 Achieved structural savings through various cost saving initiatives and implementation of organizational efficiencies; 
 Launched a multi-year project to overhaul our order management system to enable future growth opportunities; 
 Executed Project Refresh remodels in approximately 150 additional stores; 
 Opened 56 new stores, many of which were in rural markets; and 
 Enhanced our e-commerce supply chain with last mile carrier capabilities and an improved ship from store network. 
 
 Next Steps 
 In 2023, we plan to implement the following initiatives to achieve our Operation North Star goals: 
 Own Bargains and Treasures by increasing bargain penetration to enhance the excitement of our product through closeouts, great deals, and fun, unique products; 
 Communicate unmistakable value to our customer with clear comparable price ticketing; 
 Leverage our brand identity as a value-add, trade-down destination; 
 Grow store relevance by developing a more compelling reason to shop across all stores; 
 Deliver a simple and more pleasant shopping experience leveraging our store fleet; and 
 Drive productivity through margin growth, expense reduction, and effective investments. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 Merchandising 
 
 We focus our merchandising strategy on (1) the bargain hunt, by seeking to deliver unmatched value in all of our merchandise categories through high quality closeouts on name brand items, affordable opening price points and low prices on our own brand assortment; (2) the treasure hunt, by seeking to surprise and delight our customers with a fresh, unique, quirky, trendy and seasonal product assortment; and (3) essentials, by seeking to offer a reliable assortment of simple to shop staple products that bring consistency to our product mix. We evaluate our product offerings to ensure we are providing quality and unmistakable value, and meeting our customer s expectations. We believe that focusing on our customers expectations has improved our ability to provide a more relevant and desirable assortment of offerings in our merchandise categories. 
 We believe we can grow gross margin through our own brands, particularly the Broyhill brand, an iconic brand that we acquired in 2018. We launched the Broyhill brand of product offerings in late 2019 with initial product offerings in our Furniture, Seasonal, Soft Home, and Hard Home merchandise categories. We believe the Broyhill assortment, which is available both in stores and online, strengthens our home assortment with a high-quality product offering at a value-based price that customers find attractive. Our Broyhill - related net sales were approximately 680 million in 2022 compared to exceeding 700 million in 2021, consistent with the Company s decrease in net sales in 2022. The closure of our largest supplier of Broyhill products in the fourth quarter of 2022 also contributed to this decline. In 2023, we intend to focus on improving the availability and accessibility of Broyhill merchandise by restoring our Broyhill supply chain with new, more reliable vendors. 
 
 We believe our merchandising strategies for our Furniture, Seasonal, and Soft Home categories position us to provide Bargains and Treasures in our home product offerings: 
 
 Our Furniture category primarily focuses on being a destination for our core customer s home furnishing needs, such as upholstery, mattresses, case goods, and ready-to-assemble. In Furniture, we believe our competitive advantage is attributable to our sourcing relationships, in-store availability, delivery options, and everyday value offerings. A significant portion of our offering in this category consists of replenishable products sold under our own brands or sourced from recognized brand-name manufacturers. Within our own brands portfolio, the Broyhill branded product offerings feature elevated quality and value, which continues to attract new furniture customers as well as provide existing customers with an incentive to step up to the higher-end offering. Our long-standing relationships with brand-name manufacturers, most notably in our mattresses and upholstery departments, allow us to work directly with the manufacturers to create product offerings exclusively for us, and provide a high-quality product at a competitive price. Additionally, we believe our buy today, take home today practice of carrying in-stock inventory of our core furniture offerings, which enables our customer to take home their purchase at the end of their shopping experience, positively differentiates us from our competition. As an omnichannel retailer, we also encourage our customer to shop and buy our products online anytime and anywhere, and we invite customers into our stores to touch and feel the quality and comfort of our products. Additionally, customers can have furniture delivered to their door same-day through PICKUP , our national delivery partner. We believe that offering a focused assortment, which is displayed in furniture vignettes, provides customers a solution for decorating their home when combined with our home d cor offerings. To supplement our merchandising and presentation strategies, we also provide multiple third-party financing options for our customers, including options for those who may be more challenged for approval in traditional credit channels. Our financing partners are solely responsible for the credit approval decisions and carry the financial risk. 
 
 Our Seasonal category strengthens our home offerings with our patio furniture, gazebos, Christmas trim, and other holiday departments. We believe we have a competitive advantage in this category by offering trend-right products with a strong value proposition in our own brands. Our stores focus on displaying assembled seasonal product to showcase our quality and value, with boxed stock located nearby, so it is easy for our customers to purchase and take home. Much of this merchandise is sourced on an import basis, which allows us to maintain our competitive pricing. Additionally, our Seasonal category offers surprise and delight through a mix of departments and products that meet our customer s outdoor experience and holiday decorating desires. We continually work with our vendors to expand the product assortment in our Seasonal category to respond to our customers evolving wants and needs. 
 
 Our Soft Home category complements our Furniture and Seasonal categories in making our stores a destination for a broader range of home needs. Over the past several years, we have enhanced our assortment in Soft Home by allocating more selling space to the category to support a wider range of replenishable, fashion-based products. We have also grown our assortments of closeouts in Soft Home to bring unmistakable value and unique finds to our customers. We believe that we have a competitive advantage in Soft Home as a result of our trend-right, focused assortment with improved quality and perceived value, and our ability to furnish our customers' homes with d cor that complements an in-store furniture purchase. We have worked to develop a solutions approach to complete a room through our cross-merchandising efforts, particularly color palette coordination, when combining our Soft Home 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 offerings with our Furniture and Seasonal categories. We believe that this approach helps our customers envision how the product can work in their homes and enhances our brand image. 
 
 We believe the Food, Consumables, Hard Home, and Apparel, Electronics, Other categories offer convenience and value: 
 
 Our Food and Consumables categories focus primarily on providing everyday essentials with a consistent and convenient assortment and unmistakable value through high quality closeouts and affordable opening price point offerings. We believe we possess a competitive advantage in the Food and Consumables categories based on our sourcing capabilities for closeout merchandise. Manufacturers and vendors have closeout merchandise for a variety of different reasons, including other retailers canceling orders or going out of business, production overruns, or marketing or packaging changes. We believe our vendor relationships, along with our size and financial strength, afford us the opportunity to consistently source and deliver high quality closeouts. In addition to our closeout business, we have focused on improving and expanding our brand name, never out product assortment to offer more consistency in those convenience areas where our customers desire consistently available everyday product offerings, such as over-the-counter medications. We believe that we have added top brands to our never out programs in Consumables and that our assortment and value proposition will continue to differentiate us in this highly competitive industry. In 2022, we continued to focus on providing surprise and delight by expanding our holiday Food and Consumables assortments. 
 
 We believe that our Hard Home and Apparel, Electronics, Other categories serve as convenient adjacencies to our other merchandise categories. Over the past several years, with the exception of apparel, we have intentionally narrowed our assortments in these categories and reallocated space from these categories to our home products categories. These categories focus on value, and savings in comparison to competitors, in areas such as food prep, table top, home maintenance, small appliances, and electronics. 
 
 Our merchandising management team is aligned with our merchandise categories, and their primary goal is to increase our total company comparable sales comp or comps ), which includes stores open at least fifteen months, plus our e-commerce operations. Our review of the performance of the members of our merchandise management team focuses on comps by merchandise category, as we believe it is the key metric that will drive our long-term net sales. By focusing on strengthening our home product and furniture offerings, and managing our convenience categories, we believe our merchandise management team can effectively address the changing shopping behaviors of our customers. We believe continuously evaluating our assortment within each merchandise category will lead to long-term comp growth. 

Marketing 
 
 See the Advertising and Marketing discussion in Item 1. Business for a discussion on our Marketing strategy. 

Shopping Experience 
 
 One of the core objectives of Operation North Star is to drive our merchandising innovation pipeline by responsibly investing in store presentation initiatives that create an easy shopping experience for our customers. 
 
 We have implemented a presentation solution called The Lot in nearly all of our stores over the past two years. We designed The Lot to display items from various merchandise categories placed in vignettes to promote life s occasions, such as Fall tailgating. The Lot offers a treasure hunt by surprising and delighting our customers with the breadth and value of products that we offer in one convenient experience. The continually rotating product assortment offered by The Lot provides us with a unique testing ground for new products at varying price points that we have not historically offered. 
 
 We have also implemented a streamlined checkout experience in nearly all of our stores called the Queue Line, which features a reconfigured checkout design. The Queue Line both enhances the customer experience and builds a bigger basket as our customers walk by new and expanded convenience offerings as they check out. The Queue Line s smaller overall footprint compared to our previous checkout configuration also creates additional selling space for our Furniture merchandise category. 
 
 In 2022, we introduced a supplement to The Lot and Queue Line called Lots Under 5, which sits in the front of our stores and is comprised of items priced less than 5 each that we believe appeal to our bargain hunt and treasure hunt shoppers. 
 
 In 2021, we launched a project called Project Refresh, which was intended to make cosmetic improvements to older stores in our fleet and align branding across our stores. The investment for a Project Refresh remodel was less than 150,000 per store and includes updated exterior signage, vestibules, flooring, bathrooms, interior wall graphics, and paint. We completed 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 50 Project Refresh remodels in 2021 in a successful test and we completed an additional 150 stores under Project Refresh in 2022. We paused further Project Refresh remodels during 2022 to conserve cash and focus our investment on the highest return initiatives. When macroeconomic conditions improve, we expect to reevaluate resuming Project Refresh remodels. 
 
 In addition to our efforts to improve our in-store shopping experience, Operation North Star focuses on improving our e-commerce shopping experience and growing e-commerce net sales by removing barriers, providing an easier and more pleasant experience, and expanding the items available for purchase online. Over the last few years, we have increased our extended aisle assortments on our e-commerce platform, which offer additional fabric and color options on products in our Furniture and Seasonal categories, including items only available online. In 2019, we launched our buy online, pick up in store BOPIS program nationwide, which has nearly doubled our merchandise offerings available online. Following the launch of our BOPIS program, we launched curbside pickup to supplement our BOPIS service, reduced shipping times by expanding our distribution network to include ship-from-store capabilities at 65 stores around the country, and introduced same-day delivery of all items available in our stores through our partnerships with Instacart and PICKUP . In 2021, we launched new payment types on our website including Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal, and Pay in 4 . In 2022, we further enhanced our e-commerce shopping experience by removing friction at checkout, enhancing personalization with product recommendations, expanding our online product assortment, accelerating our use of supplier direct fulfillment, and by partnering with Shipt and Door Dash to add new fulfillment options for our customers. 
 
 Lastly, we continue to offer a private label credit card and our Easy Leasing lease-to-own solutions for customer financing, as well as protection plans on merchandise across stores and online. Our private label credit card provides access to revolving credit, through a third party, for use on both larger ticket items and daily purchases. Our Easy Leasing lease-to-own program provides a single use opportunity for access to third-party financing. Our protection plan program provides a method for obtaining multi-year warranty coverage for furniture, seasonal, mattresses, small appliances, large area rugs, and electronics purchased in-store or online. 

Real Estate 
 
 Real estate development is a key component of our Operation North Star strategy, which includes our objective of capitalizing on our strengths in rural and small-town markets and maintaining a prudent approach to store openings and closures in the near term. The following table compares the number of our stores in operation at the end of each of the last five fiscal years, and the associated square footage: 
 
 (In thousands, except store counts and average store size) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Stores open at end of the fiscal year 1,425 1,431 1,408 1,404 1,401 Total gross square footage 47,470 47,120 46,008 45,453 44,500 Total selling square footage 32,897 32,736 32,016 31,705 31,217 Average store size - selling square feet 23,086 22,876 22,739 22,582 22,282 
 
 In 2022, we decreased our net store count by six stores, which included the sale of 20 owned store locations. Although our store count decreased year-over-year, the average size of stores that we have opened or relocated over the past several years exceeds our averages in prior years. As a result, our overall average selling square footage has increased. In 2023, we expect to open approximately 18 new stores. Looking beyond 2023, we anticipate a return to growth in our net new store count and focusing store growth within rural and small-town markets. Our real estate team has identified more than 500 markets across the U.S. where we believe we can successfully open stores. When we believe macroeconomic conditions and our financial position are conducive to store growth, we plan to actively pursue those locations with the goal of significantly increasing our net sales and operating profit. Our new store selection process includes a thorough review of proforma estimated results prior to entering a lease to help ensure the economic quality of our store openings, as well as a post-opening review that we use to improve our proforma development. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Although we strategically close stores when our analyses indicate we are unable to continue operating profitable locations, we actively work toward reducing our store closures. To reduce store closures, we have implemented a store intervention program over the last two years that assesses underperforming stores. The store intervention program reviews various store performance metrics to identify underperforming stores for review, develops action plans for improvement, and then works with various business leaders and teams to implement the action plans. Action plans most often include changes in merchandising, marketing, staffing, and training, but can also include working with landlords and/or local officials to renegotiate rents or improve conditions surrounding the store, such as ingress/egress issues that have materialized since the store opened. 
 
 As discussed in Item 2. Properties , of this Form 10-K, we have 210 store leases that will expire in 2023, 162 of which have renewal options. The balance of our 2023 closings will result from a lack of renewal options or from our belief that a location s sales and operating profit volume are not strong enough to warrant additional investment in the location. As part of our evaluation of potential store closings, we consider our ability to transfer sales from a closing store to other nearby locations and generate a better overall financial result for the geographic market. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

2022 COMPARED TO 2021 
 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales by merchandise category (in dollars and as a percentage of total net sales), net sales change (in dollars and percentage), and comps in 2022 compared to 2021 were as follows: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Comps Furniture 1,279,346 23.4 1,684,393 27.4 (405,047) (24.0) (26.0) Seasonal 961,446 17.6 954,165 15.5 7,281 0.8 (0.9) Food 736,120 13.5 746,415 12.1 (10,295) (1.4) (2.5) Soft Home 677,633 12.4 822,559 13.4 (144,926) (17.6) (19.3) Consumables 629,161 11.5 665,732 10.8 (36,571) (5.5) (6.8) Hard Home 594,343 10.9 675,041 11.0 (80,698) (12.0) (13.4) Apparel, Electronics, Other 590,280 10.7 602,298 9.8 (12,018) (2.0) (5.2) Net sales 5,468,329 100.0 6,150,603 100.0 (682,274) (11.1) (12.9) 
 
 We periodically assess and make minor adjustments to our product hierarchy, which can impact the roll-up of our merchandise categories. See the reclassifications discussion in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Net sales decreased 682.3 million, or 11.1 , to 5,468.3 million in 2022, compared to 6,150.6 million in 2021. The decrease in net sales was primarily driven by an overall comp decrease of 12.9 , which decreased net sales by 766.6 million, partially offset by an 84.3 million increase in net sales from our non-comparable stores. While our net store count decreased compared to 2021, we experienced increased net sales in our new and relocated stores compared to our closed stores. Our comps are calculated based on the results of all stores that were open at least fifteen months, plus our e-commerce net sales. 
 
 Our decreased comps and net sales in 2022 were significantly impacted by the absence of government sponsored relief packages that were present in 2021, which included government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits. Additionally, we experienced decreased demand in 2022 as a result of general economic pressures on our customers caused by inflation, which we believe significantly impacted the discretionary spending of our customers. 
 
 In 2022, we experienced decreased comps and net sales in all of our merchandise categories except our Seasonal category, which experienced decreased comps, but a modest increase in net sales. Our home products categories - Furniture, Soft Home and Hard Home - were most impacted, as purchases from these categories are generally more discretionary in nature. We believe an inflationary environment and absence of government sponsored relief packages significantly reduced our customer's discretionary spending, which then led to the decreased net sales and comps in our home products categories. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, UFI, our largest Furniture vendor, unexpectedly and without notice to us closed and immediately stopped shipping product. While we took steps to mitigate the unexpected removal of UFI from our supplier network during the fourth quarter of 2022, gaps in our Furniture assortment due to the UFI closure adversely impacted our Furniture net sales and comps in the latter part of 2022, particularly in our Broyhill products. We expect assortment gaps related to the UFI closure to persist in the first half of 2023 and be fully mitigated by the end of the second quarter of 2023. 
 
 To improve our home product net sales, we will continue to introduce more closeout offerings in these categories and lower our opening price points as we execute our Bargains, Treasures, and Essentials merchandising strategy, which we expect to change our merchandise mix to one-third Bargains (largely synonymous with closeouts), one-third Treasures (fun and unique items), and one-third Essentials (staple product offerings that bring consistency to our mix of products). In order to expand our lower entry-level price points, we expect more price point mix adjustments within these categories throughout 2023 and beyond. We will also continue to offer high value products with higher price points that we believe will attract customers from higher income households such as our Broyhill branded home products. 
 
 Our Food category performed marginally better than our home products categories in 2022 as this category is less sensitive to changes in discretionary spending. 
 
 Our Consumables and Apparel, Electronics, Other categories experienced decreases in net sales and comps which were driven by the decreased discretionary spending discussed above. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 The modest increase in net sales within our Seasonal category in 2022 was driven by our second and third quarter sales in the lawn garden and Halloween departments, which benefited from promotional selling activity and increased inventory levels entering their respective selling seasons. The lawn garden department sales particularly benefited from increased inventory levels in early 2022 and category-specific promotional activity as we aggressively discounted our lawn garden assortments to be competitive in the current market and reduce our inventory levels. Net sales and comps in our Christmas department decreased due to a winter storm that adversely impacted the week of Christmas. 
 
 Gross Margin 
 Gross margin dollars decreased 483.5 million, or 20.2 , to 1,913.5 million in 2022, compared to 2,397.0 million in 2021. The decrease in gross margin dollars was primarily due to a decrease in net sales, which decreased gross margin dollars by 265.9 million, and a decrease in gross margin rate, which decreased gross margin dollars by 217.6 million. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased approximately 400 basis points to 35.0 in 2022 compared to 39.0 in 2021. The gross margin rate decrease was primarily due to higher markdowns and higher inbound freight costs, partially offset by a higher initial markup compared to 2021. The higher markdowns were driven by increased promotions in 2022 compared to 2021, as we aggressively discounted Seasonal and other products to drive net sales and reduce inventory levels in the second and third quarters of 2022. Inbound freight costs increased due to higher ocean carriage rates, higher rail rates, detention and demurrage charges related to supply chain delays, and higher fuel costs. The higher initial markup was driven by modest price increases in targeted merchandise categories and on specific items that have been most impacted by higher freight costs. 
 
 Selling and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling and administrative expenses were 2,020.1 million in 2022, compared to 2,014.7 million in 2021. The increase of 5.4 million, or 0.3 , was primarily attributable to increases in store asset impairment charges of 63.4 million, and distribution and transportation costs of 21.4 million, partially offset by decreases in accrued bonus expense of 27.4 million, share-based compensation expense of 24.8 million, self-insurance expense of 16.1 million, and a gain on sale of real estate and related expenses of 18.6 million (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the gain on sale of real estate and related expenses). The non-cash store asset impairment charges (see Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements) were recorded as a result of a review of underperforming store locations. The increase in distribution and transportation costs was driven by increased fuel costs and outbound transportation rates, as well as the costs associated with our four forward distribution centers, two of which were opened in third quarter of 2021 and two of which were opened in 2022, partially offset by lower outbound and inbound carton volumes. The decrease in accrued bonus expense was due to lower operating performance in 2022 relative to our annual operating plans as compared to 2021. Our share-based compensation expense decreased primarily due to the absence of 2019 performance share units PSUs (for which the grant date was established in the first quarter of 2021), which carried a higher grant date fair value and represented substantially more awards than the 2022 relative total shareholder return PSUs TSR PSUs ). Our share-based compensation expense also decreased due to forfeitures resulting from executive departures in 2022. The decrease in self-insurance expense was primarily driven by a net decrease in self-insurance claims the balance of which led to lower incurred expense in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, selling and administrative expenses increased by 410 basis points to 36.9 in 2022 compared to 32.8 in 2021. 
 
 Depreciation Expense 
 Depreciation expense increased 12.3 million to 154.9 million in 2022 compared to 142.6 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by investments in our strategic initiatives, new stores, supply chain improvements in the last 12 months, and 1.7 million of accelerated depreciation due to the anticipated disposal of fixtures and equipment related to the closure and sale of owned store properties (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for more information regarding the gain on sale of real estate and related expenses). 
 
 Depreciation expense as a percentage of net sales increased by 50 basis points compared to 2021. 
 
 Operating (Loss) Profit 
 Operating loss was 261.5 million in 2022 compared to operating profit of 239.8 million in 2021. The decrease in operating profit was primarily driven by the items discussed in the Net Sales, Gross Margin, Selling and Administrative Expenses, and Depreciation Expense sections above. In summary, the decrease in operating (loss) profit was driven by the decrease in net sales and gross margin rate, and the increases in selling and administrative expenses and depreciation expense. 

30 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 11.0 million, to 20.3 million in 2022 compared to 9.3 million in 2021. The increase in interest expense was driven by higher total average borrowings (including finance leases and the sale and leaseback financing liability). We had total average borrowings of 421.3 million in 2022 compared to 148.5 million in 2021. The increase in total average borrowings was driven by increased borrowings under our credit agreements throughout 2022 compared to the average balance on our term note agreement, which was fully repaid in the second quarter of 2021, and average borrowings under our credit agreements in 2021. 
 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) was 1.4 million in 2022, compared to 1.3 million in 2021. The change was primarily driven by the absence of loss on debt extinguishment of 0.5 million, recognized in 2021, related to the prepayment of the term note secured by equipment at our California distribution center, partly offset by gains on our diesel fuel derivatives in 2022. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective income tax rate in 2022 and 2021 was 24.9 and 23.3 , respectively. The increase in the effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to a net deficiency associated with vesting of share-based payment awards in 2022 compared to a net benefit in 2021, increased audit settlements and the effect of employment related tax credits, partially offset by lower non-deductible executive compensation. Additionally, the increase in the effective income tax rate was impacted by the loss before income taxes in 2022 compared to the income before income taxes in 2021. 
 
 Known Trends 
 In 2022, the U.S. economy experienced its highest inflationary period in decades, which has adversely impacted costs in our business, particularly freight and transportation-related expenses, and the buying power of our customers. We expect the inflationary environment will continue to negatively impact costs within our business and discretionary spending by our customers through at least the first two quarters of 2023. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 On September 21, 2022, we entered into a five-year asset-based revolving credit facility 2022 Credit Agreement in an aggregate committed amount of up to 900 million (the Commitments that expires on September 21, 2027. In connection with our entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, we paid bank fees and other expenses in the aggregate amount of 3.4 million, which are being amortized over the term of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement replaced the 600 million five-year unsecured credit facility we entered into on September 22, 2021 2021 Credit Agreement ). The 2021 Credit Agreement was scheduled to expire on September 22, 2026, but was terminated concurrent with our entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement. We did not incur any material early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement are available in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (1) the aggregate Commitments and (2) a borrowing base consisting of eligible credit card receivables and eligible inventory (including in-transit inventory), subject to customary exceptions and reserves. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, we may obtain additional Commitments on no more than five occasions in an aggregate amount of up to 300 million, subject to agreement by the lenders to increase their respective Commitments and certain other conditions. The 2022 Credit Agreement includes a swing loan sublimit of 10 of the then applicable aggregate Commitments and a 90 million letter of credit sublimit. Loans made under the 2022 Credit Agreement may be prepaid without penalty. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes, working capital and to repay certain of our indebtedness. Our obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are secured by our working capital assets (including inventory, credit card receivables and other accounts receivable, deposit accounts, and cash), subject to customary exceptions. The pricing and certain fees under the 2022 Credit Agreement fluctuate based on our availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The 2022 Credit Agreement allows us to select our interest rate for each borrowing from multiple interest rate options. The interest rate options are generally derived from the prime rate or one, three or six month adjusted Term SOFR. We will also pay an unused commitment fee of 0.20 per annum on the unused Commitments. The 2022 Credit Agreement contains an environmental, social and governance ESG provision, which may provide favorable pricing and fee adjustments if we meet ESG performance criteria to be established by a future amendment to the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including, where applicable, restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, redeem or repurchase stock, prepay certain indebtedness, make certain loans and investments, dispose of assets, enter into restrictive agreements, engage in transactions with affiliates, modify organizational documents, incur liens and consummate mergers and other fundamental changes) and events of default. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 1.0 if (1) certain events of default occur and continue or (2) borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the Maximum Credit Amount (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) or (b) 67.5 million. Additionally, we are subject to cross-default provisions associated with the 2023 Synthetic Lease (as defined below). A violation of these covenants could result in a default under the 2022 Credit Agreement which could permit the lenders to restrict our ability to further access the 2022 Credit Agreement for loans and letters of credit and require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement. At January 28, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 On March 15, 2023, the Company, Bankers Commercial Corporation Lessor ), the rent assignees parties thereto Rent Assignees and, together with Lessor, Participants ), MUFG Bank, Ltd., as collateral agent for the Rent Assignees (in such capacity, Collateral Agent ), and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent for the Participants, entered into a Participation Agreement (the Participation Agreement ), pursuant to which the Participants funded 100 million to Wachovia Service Corporation Prior Lessor to finance Lessor s purchase of the land and building related to our Apple Valley, CA distribution center Leased Property from the Prior Lessor. 
 
 Also on March 15, 2023, we entered into a Lease Agreement and supplement to the Lease Agreement (collectively, the Lease and together with the Participation Agreement and related agreements, the 2023 Synthetic Lease pursuant to which the Lessor will lease the Leased Property to the Company for an initial term of 60 months. The Lease may be extended for up to an additional five years, in one-year or longer annual periods, with each renewal subject to approval by the Participants. The 2023 Synthetic Lease requires the Company to pay basic rent on the scheduled payment dates in arrears in an amount equal to (a) a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR for the applicable payment period plus a 10 basis point spread adjustment plus an applicable margin equal to 250 basis points multiplied by (b) the portion of the lease balance not constituting the investment by Lessor in the Leased Property. In addition to basic rent, the Company must pay all costs and expenses associated with the use or occupancy of the Leased Property, including without limitation, maintenance, insurance and certain indemnity payments. The Company will also be responsible for break-funding costs, annual lease administration fees and increased costs. The 2023 Synthetic Lease is expected to be an operating lease. 
 
 Concurrently with Lessor s purchase of the Lease Property from Prior Lessor, the participation agreement and lease agreement associated with our former synthetic lease arrangement, in each case entered into on November 30, 2017 and most recently amended on September 21, 2022 (the Prior Synthetic Lease ), was terminated effective on March 15, 2023. In connection with the termination of the Prior Synthetic Lease, the Company paid approximately 53.4 million of the outstanding lease balance to Prior Lessor as an in-substance residual value guarantee using borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement. As a result of the termination of the Prior Synthetic Lease, the borrowing base under the 2022 Credit Agreement is no longer subject to a reserve for the outstanding balance under the Prior Synthetic Lease. 
 
 The Company, together with all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries that serve as guarantors under the 2022 Credit Agreement guarantee the payment and performance obligations under the 2023 Synthetic Lease. The obligations under the 2023 Synthetic Lease are also secured by a pledge of the Company s interest in the Leased Property. In addition, the Company, no less frequently than annually, will be subject to a test (the LTV Test that requires the ratio of (a) the adjusted lease balance minus any Lessee Letter of Credit (as defined below) to (b) the Leased Property s fair market value to be greater than 60 percent. If the Company does not comply with the LTV Test, the Company must deliver or adjust a letter of credit in favor of the Collateral Agent Lessee Letter of Credit in an amount necessary to comply with the LTV Test. The 2023 Synthetic Lease also contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default. 
 
 The Participation Agreement also requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 if (1) certain events of default occur and continue or (2) borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the Maximum Credit Amount (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) or (b) 67.5 million, which is consistent with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 If an event of default occurs under the Lease, Lessor generally has the right to recover the adjusted lease balance and certain other costs and amounts payable under the 2023 Synthetic Lease and, following such payment, the Company would be entitled to receive ownership in the Leased Property from Lessor. 
 
 As of January 28, 2023, we had a Borrowing Base (as defined under the 2022 Credit Agreement) of 710.3 million under the 2022 Credit Agreement. At January 28, 2023, we had 301.4 million in borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement and 32.0 million committed to outstanding letters of credit, leaving 376.9 million available under the 2022 Credit Agreement, subject to certain borrowing base limitations as discussed above. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company sold 20 owned store locations and an unoccupied parcel of land in an effort to monetize underperforming assets for net proceeds on the sale of 47.8 million (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 
 The primary source of our liquidity is cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit facility, as necessary. Our net income (loss) and, consequently, our cash provided by (used in) operations are impacted by net sales volume, seasonal sales patterns, and operating profit (loss) margins. Our cash provided by operations typically peaks in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year due to net sales generated during the holiday selling season. Generally, our working capital requirements peak late in our third fiscal quarter or early in our fourth fiscal quarter as we build our inventory levels prior to the holiday selling season. We have historically funded those requirements with cash provided by operations and borrowings under our credit facility. We expect to periodically borrow under the 2022 Credit Agreement during 2023 to fund our cash requirements. The Company is also exploring other asset monetization opportunities with its remaining owned real estate properties to generate additional liquidity. 
 
 Our cash requirements include among other things, capital expenditures, working capital needs, interest payments, and other 
 contractual commitments. 
 
 At January 28, 2023 our material cash requirements, which are comprised of written purchase orders, cancellable and noncancellable contractual commitments, and other obligations, were 1,224.9 million for the upcoming fiscal year and 3,853.7 million in total. Excluding operating lease and finance lease obligations disclosed in the Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements, our material cash requirements at January 28, 2023 were 888.9 million for the upcoming fiscal year and 1,666.8 million in total. The material cash requirements disclosed above include merchandise purchase orders of 552.0 million. The cancellable and noncancellable contractual commitments include purchase commitments related to distribution and transportation, information technology, advertising, energy procurement, and store security, supply, and maintenance commitments. At January 28, 2023, our noncancellable commitments were immaterial. 
 
 On December 1, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 250 million of our common shares under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. Pursuant to the 2021 Repurchase Authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market and/or in privately negotiated transactions at our discretion, subject to market conditions, our compliance with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement, and other factors. The 2021 Repurchase Authorization has no scheduled termination date. During 2022, we did not purchase any shares under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. As of January 28, 2023, we had 159.4 million available for future repurchases under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. 
 
 Common shares acquired through share repurchase authorizations are available to meet obligations under our equity compensation plans and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In 2022, we declared and paid four quarterly cash dividends of 0.30 per common share for a total paid amount of 37.0 million. While the per-share cash dividends declared and paid in 2022 were consistent with the per-share cash dividends declared and paid in 2021, dividends declared decreased 5.1 million and dividends paid decreased 4.7 million to 36.4 million and 37.0 million, respectively, in 2022. The decrease in both was driven by a lower number of common shares outstanding as a result of our share repurchases in prior years. 
 
 On February 28, 2023, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.30 per common share payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 17, 2023. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The following table compares the primary components of our cash flows from 2022 to 2021: 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Change Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (144,286) 193,762 (338,048) Net cash used in investing activities (108,940) (159,686) 50,746 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 244,234 (539,910) 784,144 
 
 Cash (used in) provided by operating activities decreased by 338.0 million to cash used in operating activities of 144.3 million in 2022 compared to cash provided by operating activities of 193.8 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in net (loss) income after adjusting for non-cash activities such as non-cash impairment charge, non-cash share-based compensation expense, and non-cash lease expense, and gain on disposition of equipment and property. Partially offsetting this decrease was an increase in the change in current income taxes, which was driven by the loss before income taxes in 2022 compared to income before income taxes in 2021, and net cash inflows from inventories and accounts payable, which was primarily driven by the decreased inventory levels. 
 
 Cash used in investing activities decreased 50.7 million to 108.9 million in 2022 compared to 159.7 million in 2021. The decrease was driven by the increase in cash proceeds from sale of property and equipment, due to the sale of twenty owned store locations and one unoccupied land parcel in the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information). 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) financing activities increased by 784.1 million to cash provided by financing activities of 244.2 million in 2022 compared to cash used in financing activities of 539.9 million in 2021. The increase was driven by a decrease in payment for treasury shares acquired and an increase in net proceeds from long-term debt due to borrowings under our credit agreements to fund working capital requirements. The decrease in payment for treasury shares acquired was driven by the repurchase of a total of 417.7 million of our common shares under share repurchase authorizations during 2021 compared to no shares repurchased in 2022 under share repurchase authorizations. 
 
 Based on historical and expected financial results, we believe that we have or, if necessary, have the ability to obtain, adequate resources to fund our cash requirements, including ongoing and seasonal working capital requirements, proposed capital expenditures, new projects, and currently maturing obligations. 

34 

Table of Contents 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period, as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. The use of estimates, judgments, and assumptions creates a level of uncertainty with respect to reported or disclosed amounts in our consolidated financial statements or accompanying notes. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, judgments, and assumptions, including those that management considers critical to the accurate presentation and disclosure of our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates, judgments, and assumptions on historical experience, current trends, and various other factors that management believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the inherent uncertainty in using estimates, judgments, and assumptions, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies, including the recently adopted accounting standards and recent accounting standards - future adoptions, if any, are described in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We believe the following estimates, assumptions, and judgments are the most critical to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 
 
 Merchandise Inventories 
 Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the average cost retail inventory method. Market is determined based on the estimated net realizable value, which generally is the merchandise selling price at or near the end of the reporting period. The average cost retail inventory method requires management to make judgments and contains estimates, such as the amount and timing of markdowns to clear slow-moving inventory and the allowance for shrinkage, which may impact the ending inventory valuation and current or future gross margin. These estimates are based on historical experience and current information. 
 
 When management determines the salability of merchandise inventories is diminished, markdowns for clearance activity and the related cost impact are recorded at the time the price change decision is made. Factors considered in the determination of markdowns include current and anticipated demand, customer preferences, the age of merchandise, and seasonal trends. Timing of holidays within fiscal periods, weather, and customer preferences could cause material changes in the amount and timing of markdowns from year to year. 
 
 The allowance for shrinkage is recorded as a reduction to inventories, charged to cost of sales, and calculated as a percentage of sales for the period from the last physical inventory date to the end of the reporting period. Such estimates are based on both our current year and historical inventory results. Physical inventory counts are typically taken at each store once per year. During calendar 2022, we primarily relied on third-party services to perform physical inventory counts, but began testing counts performed by our own associates under supervision by field leadership. During calendar 2023, we expect the majority of physical inventory counts will be performed by our own associates with a limited number of counts performed by third-party services in small markets with a limited number of associates available for counting. During calendar 2022, the majority of physical counts occurred between January and July. During calendar 2023, we expect the majority of physical counts to occur between January and June. As physical inventories are completed, actual results are recorded and new go-forward allowance for shrinkage rates are established based on historical results at the individual store level. Thus, the allowance for shrinkage rates is adjusted throughout the January to June inventory cycle based on actual results. The allowance for shrinkage at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 was 40.9 million and 53.7 million, respectively. The decrease of 12.8 million was driven by lower aggregate sales since the last physical inventory for each store and a lower estimated shrinkage rate for 2022 compared to 2021. At January 28, 2023, a 10 difference in our shrink accrual would have affected gross margin, operating (loss) profit and (loss) income before income taxes by approximately 4.1 million. While it is not possible to quantify the impact from each cause of shrinkage, we have asset protection programs and policies aimed at minimizing shrinkage. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Store Level Long-Lived Assets 
 Our store level long-lived assets primarily consist of property and equipment - net and operating lease right-of-use assets. If the net book value of a store s long-lived assets is not recoverable by the expected undiscounted future cash flows of the store, we estimate the fair value of the store s assets and recognize an impairment charge for the excess net book value of the store s long-lived assets over its fair value (categorized as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy). Fair value at the store level is typically based on projected discounted cash flows over the remaining lease term. The Company uses judgment in its determination of the existence of impairment indicators at the store level, which is primarily based on operating performance. 
 
 We assess the impairment of long-lived assets, primarily property and equipment and operating lease assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our assessment of changes in circumstances requires significant judgment. Factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include the following: 
 Significant changes in the manner of our use of assets or the strategy for the overall business; 
 Significant negative industry or economic trends; and 
 An unusual current-period operating loss or cash flow loss in comparison to historical operating or cash flow losses. 
 
 Insurance and Insurance-Related Reserves 
 We are self-insured for certain losses relating to property, general liability, workers compensation, and employee medical, dental, and prescription drug benefit claims, a portion of which is funded by employees. We purchase stop-loss coverage from third party insurance carriers to limit individual or aggregate loss exposures in these areas. Accrued insurance liabilities and related expenses are based on actual claims reported and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The estimated loss accruals for claims incurred but not paid are determined by applying actuarially-based calculations taking into account historical claims payment results and known trends such as claims frequency and claims severity. Management makes estimates, judgments, and assumptions with respect to the use of these actuarially-based calculations, including but not limited to, estimated health care cost trends, estimated lag time to report and pay claims, average cost per claim, network utilization rates, network discount rates, and other factors. Our insurance and insurance-related reserves at January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022 were 94.5 million and 99.3 million, respectively. The decrease of 4.8 million was driven by both workers' compensation and general liability reserves due to decreases in incurred development within the year, which also resulted in a decrease to our case reserve for self-insured matters that exceeded stop-loss thresholds, for which we carry an equal receivable from our stop-loss insurers. A 10 change in our self-insured liabilities at January 28, 2023 would have affected selling and administrative expenses, operating (loss) profit, and income (loss) before income taxes by approximately 7.9 million. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates on investments that we make from time to time and on borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement. We had 301.4 million in borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement at January 28, 2023. An increase of 1 in our variable interest rate on our estimated future borrowings would have an impact of approximately 3.0 million on our result of operations. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Big Lots, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Big Lots, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended January 28, 2023, of the Company and our report dated March 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Big Lots, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Big Lots, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 28, 2023 and January 29, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 28, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 28, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Measurement of Inventory Valuation Reserves - Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Merchandise inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market using the average cost retail inventory method. The average cost retail inventory method requires management to make judgments and contains estimates, including the amount and timing of markdowns to clear slow-moving inventory and an estimated allowance for shrinkage, which may impact ending inventory valuation. The balance of ending inventory was 1,148.0 million at January 28, 2023. 
 
 When management determines the salability of merchandise inventories is diminished, markdowns for clearance activity and the related cost impact are recorded at the time the price change decision is made. Factors considered in the determination of markdowns include current and anticipated demand, and customer preferences. 
 
 The inventory allowance for shrinkage is recorded as a reduction to inventories, charged to cost of sales, and calculated as a percentage of sales for the period from the last physical inventory date to the end of the reporting period. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Given the significant estimates and assumptions management utilizes to quantify inventory reserves which include markdowns and the allowance for shrinkage, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort is required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the methodology and reasonableness of the estimates and assumptions. For markdowns, such estimates are based on the timing and completeness of recorded markdowns. For the allowance for shrinkage, such estimates are based on a combination of historical shrinkage experience and current year physical inventory results. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the measurement of the valuation of inventory reserves included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the completeness and measurement of inventory reserves. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate markdowns by: 
 Evaluating management s estimate for markdowns by reviewing management s approved permanent markdowns at year end and comparing markdowns recorded after period end to the markdowns reserve at year end. 
 Performing an analysis comparing monthly markdown expense and the markdown reserve to historical results. 
 Comparing inventory sell through for the first period subsequent to year end to historical sell through results to evaluate the salability of merchandise inventories at year end. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the allowance for shrinkage by: 
 Attending a selection of store physical inventories and recalculating the shrink for locations using the results of the store physical inventory counts observed. 
 Performing an analysis comparing the methodology and inputs used by management to historical results and trends in the prior years and current year. 
 Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected shrink activity to actual activity incurred during the current year to evaluate the appropriateness of the shrinkage inventory allowance. 
 
 Measurement of Insurance Valuation Reserves - Refer to Notes 1 and 8 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company is self-insured for certain losses relating to general liability and workers compensation. Accrued insurance liabilities, 94.5 million at January 28, 2023, are based on actual claims reported and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. The estimated loss accruals for claims incurred but not paid are determined by applying actuarially-based calculations taking into account historical claims payment results and known trends such as claims frequency and claims severity. 
 
 Given the significant estimates and assumptions in determination of the selected actuarial models management utilizes to quantify insurance reserves, a high degree of auditor judgment and increased extent of effort is required, including the need to involve our actuarial specialists, when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether insurance reserves were appropriately valued. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the general liability and workers compensation self-insurance reserves included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to general liability and workers compensation self-insurance reserves. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to estimate the self-insurance reserves by: 
 Testing the underlying data that served as the basis of the actuarial analysis, including historical claims, to test that the inputs to the actuarial estimate were reasonable. 
 Comparing management s prior-year assumptions of expected loss to actuals incurred during the current year to evaluate the appropriateness of assumptions used to determine the insurance reserves. 
 With the assistance of our actuarial specialists, we developed independent estimates of the insurance reserves, including loss and industry claim development factors, and compared our estimates to management s estimates. Further, the actuarial specialists: 
 Assessed the actuarial models used by the Company for consistency with the generally accepted actuarial standards; 
 Evaluated the Company s ability to estimate the insurance liabilities by comparing its historical estimates with actual loss payments; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Evaluated the key assumptions underlying the Company s actuarial estimates used to determine the insurance reserves. 
 
 Identification of Indicators of Impairment for Store Level Long-Lived Assets - Refer to Notes 1, 2 and 4 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 Management assesses impairment of long-lived assets within each store level asset group, primarily property and equipment net and operating lease right-of-use assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of each asset group may not be recoverable. The Company has long-lived assets which include consolidated property and equipment net of 691.1 million and consolidated operating lease right-of-use assets of 1,619.8 million as of January 28, 2023, of which a significant portion of such balances relate to store level long-lived assets. Some stores may generate negative cash flow or experience other events that indicate the carrying value of their long-lived assets may not be recoverable, indicating a risk that their long-lived assets might be impaired. This requires management to consider historic profitability among other store specific factors when evaluating its stores for impairment to determine whether an impairment triggering event has occurred. For the year ended January 28, 2023, the Company recognized aggregate asset impairment charges of 68.4 million related to store level long-lived assets. 
 
 Given the significant judgments management utilizes in identifying whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that store level long-lived asset carrying amounts may not be recoverable, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort is required. The identification of changes in the manner of management s use of assets, the identification of negative industry or economic trends, or the identification of unusual current-period operating losses or cash flow losses involve substantial management judgment, as those assessments could have a significant impact on management s identification of an impairment triggering event. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to management s identification of triggering events for impairment of store level long-lived assets included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls related to the identification of triggering events. 
 We evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to identify triggering events by: 
 Inspecting the Company s triggering event analysis to determine if contrary evidence existed as to the completeness of the population of potentially impaired stores. 
 Evaluating the methodology of identifying store level factors to be considered in the triggering event analysis by: 
 Analyzing the duration of cash flows used to assess store profitability; 
 Evaluating the allocation of long-lived assets to individual asset groups, as well as the identification of store level cash flows attributable to each asset group; 
 Comparing individual store level current and historical operating results to the general ledger, to assess the reliability of information used; 
 Reading board of director meeting minutes, while considering available industry information and macroeconomic trends. 
 
 /s/ 

March 28, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1989. 

41 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales (exclusive of depreciation expense shown separately below) Gross margin Selling and administrative expenses Depreciation expense Gain on sale of distribution centers ) Operating (loss) profit ) Interest expense ) ) ) Other income (expense) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Net (loss) income and comprehensive (loss) income ) Earnings (loss) per common share: Basic ) Diluted ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except par value) 
 January 29, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Property and equipment - net Deferred income taxes Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current operating lease liabilities Property, payroll, and other taxes Accrued operating expenses Insurance reserves Accrued salaries and wages Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Insurance reserves Unrecognized tax benefits Other liabilities Shareholders equity: Preferred shares - authorized shares; par value; issued 
 Common shares - authorized shares; par value; issued shares; outstanding shares and shares, respectively 
 Treasury shares - shares and shares, respectively, at cost 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (In thousands) 
 Common Treasury Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Shares Amount Shares Amount Total Balance - February 1, 2020 ) Comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Purchases of common shares ) ) ) Exercise of stock options ) Restricted shares vested ) ) Performance shares vested ) ) Other ) Share-based employee compensation expense Balance - January 30, 2021 ) Comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Purchases of common shares ) ) ) Restricted shares vested ) ) Performance shares vested ) ) Other Share-based employee compensation expense Balance - January 29, 2022 ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Purchases of common shares ) ) ) Restricted shares vested ) ) Performance shares vested ) ) Share-based employee compensation expense Balance - January 28, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Non-cash lease expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash share-based compensation expense Non-cash impairment charge (Gain) loss on disposition of property and equipment ) ) Unrealized loss (gain) on fuel derivatives ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Change in assets and liabilities: Inventories ) ) Accounts payable ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Current income taxes ) Other current assets ) Other current liabilities ) ) Other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Cash proceeds from sale of property and equipment Other ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Net proceeds from (repayments of) long-term debt ) ) Net (repayments of) proceeds from sale and leaseback financing ) Payment of finance lease obligations ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from the exercise of stock options Payment for treasury shares acquired ) ) ) Payments for debt issuance costs ) ) Payments to extinguish debt ) Other Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of year End of year 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 BIG LOTS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1 
 
 , we operated stores in states and an e-commerce platform. Our mission is to help people Live BIG and Save LOTS. Our vision is to be the BIG difference for a better life by delivering unmistakable value to customers, building a best places to grow culture, rewarding shareholders with consistent growth and top tier returns, and doing good in local communities. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The consolidated financial statements include Big Lots, Inc. and all of its subsidiaries, have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), and include all of our accounts. We consolidate all majority-owned and controlled subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 

and January 29, 2022, totaled million and million, respectively. 

46 

Table of Contents 

Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis using the shorter of their estimated service lives or the lease term. 
 
 Assets acquired under leases which meet the criteria of a finance lease are capitalized in property and equipment - net and amortized over the estimated service life of the asset or the applicable lease term, whichever is shorter. 
 
 Depreciation estimates are revised prospectively to reflect the remaining depreciation or amortization of the asset over the shortened estimated service life when a decision is made to dispose of property and equipment prior to the end of its previously estimated service life. The cost of assets sold or retired and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with any resulting gain or loss included in selling and administrative expenses. Major repairs that extend service lives are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Capitalized interest was not significant in any period presented. 

47 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million, respectively, related to our matching contributions. 

48 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Cash paid for income taxes, excluding impact of refunds Gross proceeds from long-term debt Gross payments of long-term debt Gross financing proceeds from sale and leaseback Gross repayments of financing from sale and leaseback Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Non-cash activity: Assets acquired under finance leases Accrued property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

51 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 

January 29, 2022 Land and land improvements Buildings and leasehold improvements Fixtures and equipment Computer software costs Construction-in-progress Property and equipment - cost Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Property and equipment - net 
 
 Property and equipment - cost includes million and million at and January 29, 2022, respectively, to recognize assets from finance leases. Accumulated depreciation and amortization includes million and million at and January 29, 2022, respectively, related to finance leases. 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, we invested million, million, and million of cash in capital expenditures and we recorded million, million, and million of depreciation expense. 
 
 In 2020, we disposed of million of property and equipment - cost in connection with the sale of four distribution centers in sale and leaseback transactions (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale and leaseback transactions). 
 
 In 2022, land and building-related assets for owned store locations and unoccupied land parcel with an aggregate carrying value of million were classified as held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we sold million of these assets that we classified as held for sale in connection with the sale of owned properties and land parcel (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the sale of real estate). 
 
 We incurred million, million, and million in asset impairment charges, excluding impairment of right-of-use assets (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We impaired the value of property and equipment assets at , , and stores as a result of our store impairment review in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

52 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 
 
 million (the Commitments that expires on September 21, 2027. In connection with our entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement, we paid bank fees and other expenses in the aggregate amount of million, which are being amortized over the term of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement replaced the million five -year unsecured credit facility we entered into on September 22, 2021 2021 Credit Agreement ). The 2021 Credit Agreement was scheduled to expire on September 22, 2026, but was terminated concurrent with our entry into the 2022 Credit Agreement. We did not incur any material early termination penalties in connection with the termination of the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 
 Revolving loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement are available in an aggregate amount equal to the lesser of (1) the aggregate Commitments and (2) a borrowing base consisting of eligible credit card receivables and eligible inventory (including in-transit inventory), subject to customary exceptions and reserves. Under the 2022 Credit Agreement, we may obtain additional Commitments on no more than five occasions in an aggregate amount of up to million, subject to agreement by the lenders to increase their respective Commitments and certain other conditions. The 2022 Credit Agreement includes a swing loan sublimit of of the then applicable aggregate Commitments and a million letter of credit sublimit. Loans made under the 2022 Credit Agreement may be prepaid without penalty. Borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes, working capital and to repay certain of our indebtedness. Our obligations under the 2022 Credit Agreement are secured by our working capital assets (including inventory, credit card receivables and other accounts receivable, deposit accounts, and cash), subject to customary exceptions. The pricing and certain fees under the 2022 Credit Agreement fluctuate based on our availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement. The 2022 Credit Agreement allows us to select our interest rate for each borrowing from multiple interest rate options. The interest rate options are generally derived from the prime rate or one, three or six month adjusted Term SOFR. We will also pay an unused commitment fee of per annum on the unused Commitments. The 2022 Credit Agreement contains an environmental, social and governance ESG provision, which may provide favorable pricing and fee adjustments if we meet ESG performance criteria to be established by a future amendment to the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 The 2022 Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants (including, where applicable, restrictions on our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends, redeem or repurchase stock, prepay certain indebtedness, make certain loans and investments, dispose of assets, enter into restrictive agreements, engage in transactions with affiliates, modify organizational documents, incur liens and consummate mergers and other fundamental changes) and events of default. In addition, the 2022 Credit Agreement requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than if (1) certain events of default occur and continue or (2) borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) of the Maximum Credit Amount (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) or (b) million. A violation of these covenants could result in a default under the 2022 Credit Agreement which could permit the lenders to restrict our ability to further access the 2022 Credit Agreement for loans and letters of credit and require the immediate repayment of any outstanding loans under the 2022 Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of , we had a Borrowing Base (as defined under the 2022 Credit Agreement) of million under the 2022 Credit Agreement. At we had million in borrowings outstanding under the 2022 Credit Agreement and million committed to outstanding letters of credit, leaving million available under the 2022 Credit Agreement, subject to certain borrowing base limitations as discussed above. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Credit Agreement Long-term debt 

54 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4 
 
 years and multiple five-year extension options. The leases for the Durant, OK and Tremont, PA distribution centers each have an initial term of years and multiple five-year extension options. At lease commencement, we determined that none of the extension options were reasonably certain to be exercised. Therefore, none of the extension options were included in the computation of the operating lease liabilities and operating lease right-of-use assets. At commencement of the leases, we recorded aggregate operating lease liabilities of million and aggregate operating lease right-of-use assets of million. The weighted average discount rate for the leases was . All of the leases are absolute net. Additionally, all of the leases include a right of first refusal beginning after the fifth year of the initial term which allows us to purchase the leased property if the buyer-lessor receives a bona fide purchase offer from a third-party. For additional information on the sale and leaseback transactions, see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we entered into the Synthetic Lease Amendment to the Synthetic Lease for our distribution center in Apple Valley, CA. For additional information on the amendment, see Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. On March 15, 2023, we entered into the 2023 Synthetic Lease for our distribution center in Apple Valley, CA, which replaced the Synthetic Lease. For additional information on the 2023 Synthetic Lease, see Note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the sale of owned properties and land parcel. As part of the consideration in the sale, the leases for our San Pablo, California and Citrus Heights, California stores were cancelled at no additional cost. As a result of these lease cancellations, we derecognized operating lease right-of-use assets of million in aggregate and derecognized operating lease liabilities of million resulting in a net gain on extinguishment of lease liabilities of million (see Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information on the transaction). 
 
 January 29, 2022 Assets Operating Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance Property and equipment - net Total right-of-use assets Liabilities Current Operating Current operating lease liabilities Finance Accrued operating expenses Noncurrent Operating Noncurrent operating lease liabilities Finance Other liabilities Total lease liabilities 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Finance lease cost Amortization of leased assets Depreciation Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Short-term lease cost Selling and administrative expenses Variable lease cost Selling and administrative expenses Total lease cost 
 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, our operating lease cost above included million, million and million, respectively, of right-of-use asset impairment charges related to store closures prior to lease termination date. In 2022, 2021, and 2020, our operating lease cost above excludes million, million, and respectively, of right-of-use asset impairment charges related to our store impairment review for underperforming stores. 
 , was as follows: 
 Fiscal Year (In thousands) 
 Operating Leases Finance Leases 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less amount to discount to present value ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 January 29, 2022 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Our weighted average discount rate represents our estimated incremental borrowing rate, assuming a secured borrowing, based on the remaining lease term at the time of adoption of the standard, lease commencement, or the period in which the lease term expectation was modified. Our finance leases, and the associated remaining lease term and discount rate, are insignificant. 

NOTE 5 
 
 , performance share units that vest based on relative total shareholder return TSR PSUs - see Note 6 for a more detailed description of these awards), were excluded from our computation of earnings (loss) per share because the minimum applicable performance conditions had not been attained. Antidilutive RSUs, PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs are excluded from the calculation because they decrease the number of diluted shares outstanding under the treasury stock method. The RSUs, PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs that were antidilutive, as determined under the treasury stock method, were million for 2022, million for 2021 and for 2020. Due to the net loss in 2022, any potentially dilutive shares were excluded from the denominator in computing diluted earnings (loss) per common share for 2022. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Dilutive effect of share-based awards Diluted 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 On December 1, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to million of our common shares 2021 Repurchase Authorization ). Pursuant to the 2021 Repurchase Authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market and/or in privately negotiated transactions at our discretion, subject to market conditions and other factors. The 2021 Repurchase Authorization has no scheduled termination date. In 2022, shares were repurchased under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. As of , we had million available for future repurchases under the 2021 Repurchase Authorization. 
 
 Common shares acquired through repurchase authorizations are held in treasury at cost and are available to meet obligations under equity compensation plans and for general corporate purposes. 
 
 In addition to shares repurchased under the repurchase authorizations, purchases of common shares reported in the consolidated statements of shareholders equity include shares repurchased to satisfy income tax withholdings associated with the vesting of share-based awards. 
 
 Dividends 
 Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Total 2022: First quarter Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Total 
 
 The amount of dividends declared may vary from the amount of dividends paid in a period due to the vesting of restricted stock units and performance share units, which accrue dividend equivalent rights that are paid when the award vests. The payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, compliance with applicable laws and agreements and any other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6 
 
 common shares plus any common shares subject to the outstanding awards as of February 1, 2020 under the Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2017 LTIP that, on or after February 1, 2020, cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or settlement). The Human Capital and Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors Committee ), which is charged with administering the 2020 LTIP, has the authority to determine the terms of each award. 
 
 Our former equity compensation plan, the 2017 LTIP, approved by our shareholders in May 2017, was terminated on June 10, 2020. The 2017 LTIP authorized the issuance of incentive and nonqualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock awards, PSUs, stock appreciation rights, cash-based awards, and other share-based awards. We have issued restricted stock units, PSUs, and PRSUs under the 2017 LTIP. 
 
 Share-based compensation expense was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Non-vested Restricted Stock 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding non-vested restricted stock at January 30, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding non-vested restricted stock at January 29, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding non-vested restricted stock at January 28, 2023 
 
 The non-vested restricted stock units granted in 2020, 2021, and 2022 generally vest, and are expensed, on a ratable basis over from the grant date of the award, if a threshold financial performance objective is achieved and the grantee remains employed by us through the vesting dates. In 2022, we granted an immaterial amount of non-vested restricted stock units with a minimum service requirement of and no required financial performance objectives. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we modified certain restricted stock units granted in 2022, to remove the financial performance objective. We did not record any additional expense as a result of this modification. 
 
 Performance Share Units 
 Prior to 2020, and in 2021 and 2022, we awarded PSUs to certain members of management, which will vest if certain financial performance objectives are achieved over a three -year performance period and the grantee remains employed by us through that performance period. The financial performance objectives for each fiscal year within the three-year performance period are generally approved by the Committee during the first quarter of the respective fiscal year. Based on the uncertain macroeconomic environment and a wide range of potential outcomes, we expect the Committee to defer establishment of the 2023 financial performance objectives for PSUs to later in 2023. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 , we have granted TSR PSU shares, which will be expensed through fiscal 2024. 
 
 In 2020, we awarded PRSUs to certain members of senior management, which were subject to vesting based on the achievement of share price performance goals and a minimum service requirement of one year. The PRSUs had a contractual term of three years. Shares issued in connection with vested PRSUs are generally restricted from sale, transfer, or other disposition prior to the third anniversary of the grant date except under certain circumstances, including death, disability, or change in control. In 2021, based on attainment of the share price performance goals and fulfillment of the minimum service requirement, PRSUs vested. At , there were PRSUs outstanding. 
 
 July 2023 Fiscal 2023 2022 March 2024 Fiscal 2024 Total 
 
 As of , we had a total of outstanding performance share units, which includes PSUs and TSR PSUs. 
 
 In 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized million, million and million, respectively, in share-based compensation expense related to PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs. 

59 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs at January 30, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs at January 29, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding PSUs, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs at January 28, 2023 
 
 Board of Directors Awards 
 In 2020, we granted (1) the chairman of our Board of Directors an annual restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value of approximately , and (2) the remaining non-employee directors an annual restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value of approximately . In 2021 and 2022, we granted (1) the chairman of our Board of Directors an annual restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value of approximately , and (2) the remaining non-employee directors an annual restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value of approximately . These awards vest on the earlier of (1) the trading day immediately preceding the annual meeting of our shareholders following the grant of such awards or (2) the death or disability of the grantee. However, the non-employee directors will forfeit their restricted stock units if their service on the Board terminates before either vesting event occurs. Additionally, we allow our non-employee directors to defer all or a portion of their restricted stock unit award until the earlier of the first to occur of: (1) the specified date by the non-employee director in the deferral agreement, (2) the non-employee director s death or disability, or (3) the date the non-employee director ceases to serve as a member of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Total fair value of restricted stock vested Total fair value of PSU, PRSUs, and TSR PSUs vested 
 
 The total unearned compensation cost related to all share-based awards outstanding, excluding PSUs issued in 2021 and 2022, at was approximately million. This compensation cost is expected to be recognized through January 2026 based on existing vesting terms with the weighted-average remaining expense recognition period being approximately years from . 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 7 U.S. State and local ) Total current tax (benefit) expense ) Deferred: U.S. Federal ) ) U.S. State and local ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) Income tax provision ) 
 
 Effect of: State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Work opportunity tax and other employment tax credits ) ) Executive compensation limitations - permanent difference ) Share-based compensation ) ) Other, net ) ) Effective income tax rate 
 (a) The reconciliation between the statutory federal income tax rate and effective income tax rate for 2022 is not directly comparable to the reconciliations for 2021 and 2020 due to the loss before income taxes in 2022 compared to the income before income taxes in 2021 and 2020. ) ) Income taxes paid Net income taxes (refunded) paid ) 

61 

Table of Contents 

Net operating losses, tax credits, and other carryforwards Depreciation and fixed asset basis differences Sale and leaseback financing liability Uniform inventory capitalization Workers compensation and other insurance reserves Compensation related Accrued operating liabilities Accrued state taxes Accrued payroll taxes related to CARES Act Other Valuation allowances, net of federal tax benefit ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Right-of-use assets, net of amortization Accelerated depreciation and fixed asset basis differences Synthetic lease obligation Deferred gain on like-kind exchange Lease construction reimbursements Prepaid expenses Workers compensation and other insurance reserves Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 ) U.S. State and local Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 

62 

Table of Contents 

 (amounts are shown net of tax excluding the federal income tax effect of the state and local items): 
 (In thousands) U.S. Federal: Federal net operating loss carryforward Indefinite carryforward Other carryforwards Predominately indefinite carryforward Employment tax credits Carryback to 2021, remainder expires 2024 Total U.S. Federal U.S. State and local: State and local net operating loss carryforwards Various carryforward periods ranging from 5 to 20 years including some jurisdictions with no expirations California enterprise zone credits Predominately expires fiscal year 2023 Other state credits Expires fiscal years through 2026 Total U.S. State and local Total net operating losses, tax credits, and other carryforwards 
 
 Gross increases - tax positions in current year Gross increases - tax positions in prior period Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits - end of year 
 
 At the end of 2022 and 2021, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective income tax rate is million and million, respectively, after considering the federal tax benefit of state and local income taxes of million and million, respectively. Unrecognized tax benefits of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, relate to tax positions for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. The uncertain timing items could result in the acceleration of the payment of cash to the taxing authority to an earlier period. 
 
 We recognized an expense (benefit) associated with interest and penalties on unrecognized tax benefits of approximately ) million, ) million, and ) million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, as a component of income tax expense. The amount of accrued interest and penalties recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at and January 29, 2022 was million and million, respectively. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal income tax, and income tax of multiple state and local jurisdictions. The statute of limitations for assessments on our federal income tax returns for periods prior to 2019 has lapsed. In addition, the state income tax returns filed by us are subject to examination generally for periods beginning with 2018, although state income tax carryforward attributes generated prior to 2018 and non-filing positions may still be adjusted upon examination. We have various state returns in the process of examination or administrative appeal. 
 
 We have estimated the reasonably possible expected net change in unrecognized tax benefits through February 3, 2024, based on expected cash and noncash settlements or payments of uncertain tax positions and lapses of the applicable statutes of limitations for unrecognized tax benefits. The estimated net decrease in unrecognized tax benefits for the next 12 months is approximately million. Actual results may differ materially from this estimate. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 8 
 
 million charge as our best estimate for these matters in aggregate. Our remaining accrual for California wage and hour matters was million at January 28, 2023. We intend to defend ourselves vigorously against the allegations levied in the remaining individual and representative lawsuits. 
 
 Other Matters 
 We are involved in other legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business. We currently believe that each such action and claim will be resolved without a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. However, litigation involves an element of uncertainty. Future developments could cause these actions or claims to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. 
 
 We are self-insured for certain losses relating to property, general liability, workers compensation, and employee medical, dental, and prescription drug benefit claims, a portion of which is paid by employees, and we have purchased stop-loss coverage in order to limit significant exposure in these areas. Accrued insurance liabilities are actuarially determined based on claims filed and estimates of claims incurred but not reported. We use letters of credit, which amounted to million at January 28, 2023, as collateral to back certain of our self-insured losses with our claims administrators. 

NOTE 9 - 
 
 million. Due to sale-leaseback accounting requirements, the proceeds received in the transactions were allocated between proceeds on the sale of the distribution centers and financing proceeds. Accordingly, aggregate net proceeds, before income taxes, on the sales of the distribution centers were million and the aggregate gain on the sales was million. Additionally, we incurred million of additional selling and administrative expenses in connection with the transaction, which primarily consisted of consulting services. The remainder of consideration received was financing liability proceeds of million. The current portion of the financing liability was recorded in accrued operating expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. The noncurrent portion of the financing liability was recorded in other liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense will be recognized on the financing liability using the effective interest method and the financing liability will be accreted over the duration of the lease agreements. Future payments to the buyer-lessor will be allocated between the financing liability and the lease liabilities. See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on the lease agreements. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we completed the sale of owned store locations and unoccupied land parcel with an aggregate net book value of million. The net cash proceeds on these sales of real estate was million and resulted in a gain of million on sale of real estate. We incurred million of additional selling and administrative expenses in connection with the sale, which primarily consisted of consulting services and employee related costs. Additionally, as part of the sale of real estate, two leased locations were terminated at no additional costs resulting in a gain on extinguishment of lease liabilities of million, which was included in the gain on sale of real estate after related expenses and recorded within selling and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The extinguishment of these lease liabilities resulted in non-cash consideration of million related to cancellation of future cash payments of these lease liabilities. See Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for information on these lease cancellations and Note 2 for information on the sale of real estate. 

64 

Table of Contents 

 million charge of accelerated depreciation expense in connection with the sale of real estate resulting from the disposal of fixtures and equipment at these stores related to the real estate. This charge was recorded within depreciation expense in our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. See Note 2 

NOTE 10 
 
 Seasonal Food Soft Home Consumables Hard Home Apparel, Electronics, Other Net sales 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11 
 
 , the Company, Bankers Commercial Corporation Lessor ), the rent assignees parties thereto Rent Assignees and, together with Lessor, Participants ), MUFG Bank, Ltd., as collateral agent for the Rent Assignees (in such capacity, Collateral Agent ), and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as administrative agent for the Participants, entered into a Participation Agreement (the Participation Agreement ), pursuant to which the Participants funded million to Wachovia Service Corporation Prior Lessor to finance Lessor s purchase of the land and building related to our Apple Valley, CA distribution center Leased Property from the Prior Lessor. 
 
 Also on March 15, 2023, we entered into a Lease Agreement and supplement to the Lease Agreement (collectively, the Lease and together with the Participation Agreement and related agreements, the 2023 Synthetic Lease pursuant to which the Lessor will lease the Leased Property to the Company for an initial term of months. The Lease may be extended for up to an additional five years, in one-year or longer annual periods, with each renewal subject to approval by the Participants. The 2023 Synthetic Lease requires the Company to pay basic rent on the scheduled payment dates in arrears in an amount equal to (a) a per annum rate equal to Term SOFR for the applicable payment period plus a 10 basis point spread adjustment plus an applicable margin equal to 250 basis points multiplied by (b) the portion of the lease balance not constituting the investment by Lessor in the Leased Property. In addition to basic rent, the Company must pay all costs and expenses associated with the use or occupancy of the Leased Property, including without limitation, maintenance, insurance and certain indemnity payments. The Company will also be responsible for break-funding costs, annual lease administration fees and increased costs. The 2023 Synthetic Lease is expected to be an operating lease. 
 
 Concurrently with Lessor s purchase of the Lease Property from Prior Lessor, the participation agreement and lease agreement associated with our former synthetic lease arrangement in each case entered into on November 30, 2017 and most recently amended on September 21, 2022 (the Prior Synthetic Lease ), were terminated effective on March 15, 2023. In connection with the termination of the Prior Synthetic Lease, the Company paid approximately million of the outstanding lease balance to Prior Lessor as an in-substance residual value guarantee using borrowings under the 2022 Credit Agreement. As a result of the termination of the Prior Synthetic Lease, the borrowing base under the 2022 Credit Agreement is no longer subject to a reserve for the outstanding balance under the Prior Synthetic Lease. 
 
 The Company, together with all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries that serve as guarantors under the 2022 Credit Agreement guarantee the payment and performance obligations under the 2023 Synthetic Lease. The obligations under the 2023 Synthetic Lease are also secured by a pledge of the Company s interest in the Leased Property. In addition, the Company, no less frequently than annually, will be subject to a test (the LTV Test that requires the ratio of (a) the adjusted lease balance minus any Lessee Letter of Credit (as defined below) to (b) the Leased Property s fair market value to be greater than 60 percent. If the Company does not comply with the LTV Test, the Company must deliver or adjust a letter of credit in favor of the Collateral Agent Lessee Letter of Credit in an amount necessary to comply with the LTV Test. The 2023 Synthetic Lease also contains customary representations and warranties, covenants and events of default. 
 
 The Participation Agreement also requires us to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1.0 if (1) certain events of default occur and continue or (2) borrowing availability under the 2022 Credit Agreement is less than the greater of (a) 10 of the Maximum Credit Amount (as defined in the 2022 Credit Agreement) or (b) 67.5 million, which is consistent with the terms of the 2022 Credit Agreement. 

66 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

I tem 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have each concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for us. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. In making its assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2023. 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. The report appears in the Financial Statements and Supplementary Data section of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information contained under the captions Proposal One: Election of Directors, Governance, and Stock Ownership in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders 2023 Proxy Statement ), with respect to directors, shareholder nomination procedures, the code of ethics, the Audit Committee, our audit committee financial experts, and Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. The information contained in Part I of this Form 10-K under the caption Supplemental Item. Information about our Executive Officers, with respect to executive officers, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 In the Investors section of our website www.biglots.com under the Corporate Governance and SEC Filings captions, the following information relating to our corporate governance may be found: Corporate Governance Guidelines; charters of our Board of Directors Audit, Capital Allocation Planning, Compensation, and Nominating/Corporate Governance Committees, and our Environmental, Social and Governance Committee; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Code of Ethics for Financial Officers; Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer certifications related to our SEC filings; the means by which shareholders may communicate with our Board of Directors; and transactions in our securities by our directors and executive officers. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applies to all of our associates, including our directors and our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals applies to our Chief Executive Officer and all other Senior Financial Officers (as that term is defined therein) and contains provisions specifically applicable to the individuals serving in those positions. We intend to satisfy the requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding disclosure of any amendments to, and any waivers from, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (to the extent applicable to our directors and executive officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, and principal accounting officer)) and our Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals in the Investors section of our website www.biglots.com under the Corporate Governance caption. We will provide any of the foregoing information without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary addressed to our principal executive offices at 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road, Columbus, Ohio 43081. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information contained under the caption Governance with respect to Compensation Committee interlocks and insider participation and under the captions Director Compensation, Executive Compensation and Compensation Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes information as of January 28, 2023, relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to which our common shares may be issued. 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (#) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights ) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (#) Plan Category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 1,317,887 (1) (2) 2,530,813 (3) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 1,317,887 (2) 2,530,813 (1) Includes performance share units and restricted stock units granted under the 2020 LTIP and the 2017 LTIP. (2) The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the performance share units and the restricted stock units granted under the 2020 LTIP and 2017 LTIP. (3) The common shares available for issuance under the 2020 LTIP are limited to 2,530,813 common shares. There are no common shares available for issuance under any of the other shareholder-approved plans. 
 
 The 2017 LTIP was approved in May 2017 and was terminated in June 2020. The 2020 LTIP was approved in June 2020. See Note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The information contained under the caption Stock Ownership in the 2023 Proxy Statement, with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information contained under the caption Governance in the 2023 Proxy Statement, with respect to the determination of director independence and related person transactions, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information contained under the captions Audit Committee Disclosure in the 2023 Proxy Statement, with respect to our audit and non-audit services pre-approval policy and the fees paid to our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 42 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 43 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 44 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 45 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 46 

All other financial statements not listed in the preceding index are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required to be set forth therein either was not material or is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 All schedules are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required to be set forth therein either was not material or is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits . Exhibits marked with an asterisk ) are filed herewith. Certain portions of the exhibits marked with a pound sign (#) have been excluded from the exhibit pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. Copies of exhibits will be furnished upon written request and payment of our reasonable expenses in furnishing the exhibits. Exhibits 10.1 through 10.29 are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 Exhibit No. Document 2 
 Agreement of Merger (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 5, 2001) (File No. 1-8897). 3.1 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 5, 2001) (File No. 1-8897). 3.2 
 Amendment to the Amended Articles of Incorporation of Big Lots, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated May 27, 2010) (File No. 1-8897). 3.3 
 Amended Code of Regulations of Big Lots, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 dated June 10, 2020). 4.1 
 Specimen Common Share Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(a) to our Form 10-K for the year ended February 2, 2002) (File No. 1-8897). 4.2 
 Description of Big Lots, Inc. s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2021). 
 10.1 
 Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed April 11, 2017). 10.2 
 Form of Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2017). 10.3 
 Form of Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 29, 2017). 10.4 
 Form of Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Retention Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 4, 2018). 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Document 10.5 
 Form of Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Deferral Election Form and Deferred Stock Units Award for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 28, 2017). 10.6 
 Form of Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 3, 2020). 10.7 
 Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant s definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A relating to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Registrant filed with the Commission on May 1, 2020 (File No. 1-8897)). 10.8 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 2, 2020). 10.9 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 2, 2020). 10.10 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Deferral Election Form and Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 2, 2020). 10.11 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 2, 2020). 10.12 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated March 9, 2021). 10.13 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated March 9, 2021). 10.14 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Form 10-K dated March 29, 2022). 10.15 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q dated September 6, 2022). 10.16 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K dated March 16, 2023). 10.17 
 Form of Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Performance Share Units Award Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 8-K dated March 16, 2023). 10.18 
 Big Lots 2019 Bonus Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated March 5, 2019). 10.19 
 Big Lots Savings Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Form 10-K for the year ended January 29, 2005) (File No. 1-8897). 10.20 
 Big Lots Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended and restated effective December 31, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to our Form 10-K for the year ended January 30, 2016). 10.21 
 Big Lots Executive Benefit Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to our Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2004) (File No. 1-8897). 10.22 
 First Amendment to Big Lots Executive Benefit Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 1, 2008) (File No. 1-8897). 10.23 
 Offer Letter with Bruce Thorn (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated August 21, 2018). 10.24 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Lisa M. Bachmann (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated April 29, 2013). 10.25 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 1, 2008) (File No. 1-8897). 10.26 
 Big Lots Executive Severance Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated August 28, 2014). 10.27 
 Form of Big Lots Executive Severance Plan Acknowledgment and Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated August 28, 2014). 10.28 
 Big Lots, Inc. Executive Severance Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q dated June 8, 2022). 10.29 
 Big Lots, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q dated June 8, 2022). 10.30 
 Credit Agreement, dated August 31, 2018, by and among Big Lots, Inc. and Big Lots Stores, Inc., as borrowers, the Guarantors named therein, and the Banks named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated August 29, 2018). 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Document 10.31 
 Security Agreement between Big Lots Stores, Inc. and Big Lots Capital, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated October 29, 2004) (File No. 1-8897). 10.32 
 Stock Purchase Agreement between KB Acquisition Corporation and Consolidated Stores Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2(a) to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 28, 2000) (File No. 1-8897). 10.33 
 Acquisition Agreement between Big Lots, Inc. and Liquidation World Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated May 26, 2011) (File No. 1-8897). 10.34 
 AVDC Participation Agreement incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to our Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2018) (File No. 1-8897). 10.35 
 AVDC Lease Agreement (Real Property) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to our Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2018) (File No. 1-8897). 10.36 
 AVDC Construction Agency Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to our Form 10-K for the year ended February 3, 2018) (File No. 1-8897). 10.37 
 Settlement Agreement dated April 22, 2020, by and among Big Lots, Inc., Ancora Advisors, LLC, Ancora Merlin Institutional, LP, Ancora Merlin, LP, Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Ancora Catalyst, LP, Ancora Catalyst SPV I LP, Ancora Catalyst SPV I SPC Ltd. - Segregated Portfolio C, Macellum Advisors GP, LLC, Macellum Management, LP, and Macellum Opportunity Fund LP. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated April 22, 2020). 10.38# 
 Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Real Property, as amended, between Durant DC, LLC and BIGDUOK001 LLC relating to the registrant s distribution center located in Durant, Oklahoma. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 1, 2020). 10.39# 
 Lease Agreement, as amended, between Big Lots Stores, Inc. and BIGCOOH002, LLC relating to the registrant s distribution center located in Columbus, OH (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2020). 10.40 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 22, 2021, by and among Big Lots, Inc. and Big Lots Stores, Inc., as borrowers, the Guarantors named therein, and the Banks named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended November 1, 2021). 10.41 
 Third Amendment to Operative Documents, dated September 22, 2021, by and among AVDC, Inc., as lessee, the guarantors thereto, Wachovia Service Corporation, as lessor, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the lease participant parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated September 27, 2021). 10.42 
 Fourth Amendment to Operative Documents, dated September 21, 2022, by and among AVDC, Inc., as lessee, the guarantors thereto, Wachovia Service Corporation, as lessor, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the lease participants named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Form 10-Q dated December 7, 2022). 10.43 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 16, 2021, by and among Big Lots, Inc. and Big Lots Stores, Inc., as borrowers, the Guarantors named therein, and the Banks named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to our Form 10-K dated March 29, 2022). 10.44 
 Credit Facility Consent Letter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated July 29, 2022). 10.45 
 Synthetic Lease Consent Letter (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated July 29, 2022). 10.46 
 Credit Agreement, dated September 21, 2022, by and among Big Lots, Inc. and the other Borrowers named therein, the Guarantors named therein, and the Banks named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Form 10-Q dated December 7, 2022). 10.47 
 Participation Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, by and among AVDC, LLC, the Lessee, and the Banks named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K dated March 16, 2023). 10.48 
 Lease Agreement, dated March 15, 2023, by and among AVDC, LLC, the Lessee, and the Banks named therein (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K dated March 16, 2023). 21 
 Subsidiaries. 23 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP. 24 
 Power of Attorney for James R. Chambers, Sandra Y. Campos, Sebastian J. DiGrande, Marla C. Gottschalk, Cynthia T. Jamison, Christopher J. McCormick, Kimberley A. Newton, Nancy A. Reardon, and Wendy L. Schoppert. 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Document 101.Def 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.Pre 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.Lab 
 XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 101.Cal 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 101.Sch XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document 101.Ins XBRL Taxonomy Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Date File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 28 th day of March 2023. 
 
 BIG LOTS, INC. By: /s/ Bruce K. Thorn Bruce K. Thorn President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 28 th day of March 2023. 
 
 By: /s/ Bruce K. Thorn By: /s/ Jonathan E. Ramsden Bruce K. Thorn Jonathan E. Ramsden President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (Principal Executive Officer) (Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Officer) /s/ Sandra Y. Campos /s/ Christopher J. McCormick Sandra Y. Campos Christopher J. McCormick Director Director /s/ James R. Chambers /s/ Kimberly A. Newton James R. Chambers Kimberley A. Newton Director Director /s/ Sebastian J. DiGrande /s/ Nancy A. Reardon Sebastian J. DiGrande Nancy A. Reardon Director Director /s/ Marla C. Gottschalk /s/ Wendy L. Schoppert Marla C. Gottschalk Wendy L. Schoppert Director Director /s/ Cynthia T. Jamison Cynthia T. Jamison Director 
 
 The above named Directors of the Registrant execute this report by Ronald A. Robins, Jr., their attorney-in-fact, pursuant to the power of attorney executed by the above-named Directors all in the capacities indicated and on the 1 st day of March 2023, and filed herewith. 
 
 By: /s/ Ronald A. Robins, Jr. Ronald A. Robins, Jr. Attorney-in-Fact 
 74 

<EX-21>
 2
 big-2023128xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Name Jurisdiction Big Lots F&S, LLC OH Big Lots Stores, LLC OH Closeout Distribution, LLC PA Consolidated Property Holdings, Inc. NV CSC Distribution, LLC AL Big Lots Stores - CSR, LLC OH Durant DC, LLC OH Great Basin, LLC DE Big Lots Stores - PNS, LLC CA Big Lots eCommerce LLC OH AVDC, LLC OH Big Lots Management, LLC OH Broyhill, LLC OH GAFDC LLC OH PAFDC LLC OH WAFDC, LLC OH INFDC, LLC OH 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 big-2023128xex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements listed below on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 28, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Big Lots, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2023. 
 
 1) Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 33-19309 on Form S-8 pertaining to Big Lots, Inc. Savings Plan 2) Registration Statement No. 333-218262 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 3) Registration Statement No. 333-239066 on Form S-8 pertaining to the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP Columbus, Ohio March 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 4
 big-2023128xex24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each director of Big Lots, Inc. (the Company whose signature appears below hereby appoints Ronald A. Robins, Jr. as the undersigned s attorney-in-fact to sign, in the undersigned s name and on behalf of each such director and in any and all capacities stated below, and to cause to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ), the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K for the 2022 fiscal year ended January 28, 2023, and likewise to sign and file with the Commission any and all amendments thereto, including any and all exhibits and other documents required to be included therewith, and the Company hereby also appoints Ronald A. Robins, Jr. as its attorney-in-fact with like authority to sign and file the Form 10-K and any amendments thereto, granting to such attorneys-in-fact full power of substitution and revocation, and hereby ratifying all that any such attorneys-in-fact or their substitutes may do by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this instrument to be effective as of February 28, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title s Sandra Y. Campos Director Sandra Y. Campos s James R. Chambers Director James R. Chambers s Sebastian J. DiGrande Director Sebastian J. DiGrande s Marla C. Gottschalk Director Marla C. Gottschalk s Cynthia T. Jamison Director Cynthia T. Jamison s Christopher J. McCormick Director Christopher J. McCormick s Kimberly A. Newton Director Kimberley A. Newton s Nancy A. Reardon Director Nancy A. Reardon s Wendy L. Schoppert Director Wendy L. Schoppert 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 big-2023128xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Bruce K. Thorn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Big Lots, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 28, 2023 By s Bruce K. Thorn Bruce K. Thorn President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 big-2023128xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jonathan E. Ramsden, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Big Lots, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated March 28, 2023 
 By s Jonathan E. Ramsden Jonathan E. Ramsden Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 big-2023128xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Report for the year ended January 28, 2023, of Big Lots, Inc. (the Company ). I, Bruce K. Thorn, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 28, 2023 
 By s Bruce K. Thorn Bruce K. Thorn President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 big-2023128xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

This certification is provided pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and accompanies the annual report on Form 10-K (the Report for the year ended January 28, 2023, of Big Lots, Inc. (the Company ). I, Jonathan E. Ramsden, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of the Company, certify that 
 
 (i) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)) and 
 
 (ii) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 28, 2023 
 By s Jonathan E. Ramsden Jonathan E. Ramsden Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 big-20230128.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 big-20230128_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 big-20230128_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 big-20230128_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 big-20230128_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

