<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1422143_0000950170-23-004107.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15197013</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>756672</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2814139</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6974471</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1730443</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2605815</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004107.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223161139
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004107
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		77
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kura Oncology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001422143
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				611547851
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37620
		FILM NUMBER:		23659749

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12730 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE, SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(858) 500-8800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12730 HIGH BLUFF DRIVE, SUITE 400
		CITY:			SAN DIEGO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92130

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZETA ACQUISITION CORP III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004107.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 kura-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting of common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion as of June 30, 2022 based on the closing price of 18.33 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by executive officers, directors, and their affiliates have been excluded from this calculation. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 The number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of February 17, 2023 was shares. 

Auditor Firm Id: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 28 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 72 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 72 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 72 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 72 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 73 

Item 6. 
 
 [ Reserved] 
 
 74 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 75 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 83 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 83 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 83 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 83 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 86 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 86 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 87 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 87 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 87 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 87 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 87 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 88 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 91 

SIGNATURES 
 
 92 

ii 

PART I 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Annual Report, may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Words such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, targets, likely, will, would, could, should, continue, and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject and are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Annual Report, we caution you that these statements are based on information that may be limited or incomplete, our projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, to differ. These statements are inherently uncertain and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. The sections in this Annual Report entitled Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations as well as other sections in this Annual Report, discuss some of the factors that could contribute to these differences. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about: 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations; 

the initiation, cost, timing, progress and results of our research and development activities, clinical trials and preclinical studies; 

the early stage of products under development; 

the timing of and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our existing product candidates, any product candidates that we may develop, any clinical holds established by any relevant regulatory bodies and any related restrictions, limitations, and/or warnings in the label of any approved product candidates; 

our plans to research, develop and commercialize our future product candidates; 

our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates; 

the size and growth of the markets for our product candidates and our ability to serve those markets; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance of any future products; 

the success of competing drugs that are or become available; 

government regulation; 

regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; 

the performance of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers and our ability to obtain alternative sources of raw materials; 

our ability to obtain additional financing; 

our use of cash, cash equivalents, investments and other resources; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and the need for additional financing; and 

our ability to attract and retain key management, scientific or clinical personnel. 

1 

We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important cautionary statements in this Annual Report, particularly in the Risk Factors section, that we believe could cause actual results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. 
 You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference in this Annual Report, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are made as of the date of this Annual Report, and we do not assume, and specifically disclaim, any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Annual Report to we, us and our refer to Kura Oncology, Inc. In addition, our use of the word including in this Annual Report is not intended to be exhaustive but instead is intended to mean including, without limitation. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Below is a summary of the material factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative or risky. This summary does not address all of the risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found below under the heading Risk Factors under Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual Report before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 
 Our ability to conduct our clinical trials has been and could continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks. 

We are highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, ziftomenib, which is still in clinical development, and we cannot give any assurance that ziftomenib or any of our other product candidates will receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 

Our discovery, preclinical and clinical development is focused on the development of targeted therapeutics for patients with genetically defined cancers, which is a rapidly evolving area of science, and the approach we are taking to discover and develop drugs may never lead to marketable products. 

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of subsequent clinical trials, and preliminary or interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 

We anticipate that our current product candidates and any future product candidates may be used in combination with third-party drugs or biologics, some of which are still in development, and we have limited or no control over the supply, regulatory status, or regulatory approval of such drugs or biologics. 

Our product candidates may cause serious adverse events or have unacceptable side effects that could delay, limit or prevent their development. 

Failure by us or our third-party collaborators to develop, validate and obtain regulatory approval for a diagnostic testing platform could harm our drug development strategy and operational results. 

We expect to incur losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 

We are a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenue. Consequently, we expect that our financial and operating results will vary significantly from period to period. 

We will need to obtain substantial additional capital in connection with our continuing operations. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

We rely on third-party contractors and organizations to conduct, and/or to supply materials to conduct, our clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the supply of materials and/or the completion of such clinical trials. 

2 

If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals in some or all planned regions, we will not be able to commercialize, or may be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 

Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-approval regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-approval restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, when and if any of them are approved. 

If we are unable to, or if we do not, obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates may be impaired. 

We depend on our licensors to prosecute and maintain patents and patent applications that are material to our business. Any failure by our licensors to effectively protect these intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business and operations. 

Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for a commercially meaningful length of time. 

We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary third-party intellectual property rights for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 

If we are unable to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or other confidential information, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

Even if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 

We currently have no sales or market access personnel. If we are unable to establish effective sales or market access capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell or market our product candidates if they obtain regulatory approval, we may not be able to effectively sell or market our product candidates, if approved, or generate product revenues. 

We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing competing products before or more successfully than we do. 

We currently have a limited number of employees, and are highly dependent on our Chief Executive Officer. Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 

Our stock price may fluctuate significantly and you may have difficulty selling your shares based on current trading volumes of our stock. 

The price of our common stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to realizing the promise of precision medicines for the treatment of cancer. Our pipeline consists of small molecule product candidates that target cancer signaling pathways where there is a strong scientific and clinical rationale to improve outcomes, and we intend to pair them with molecular or cellular diagnostics to identify those patients most likely to respond to treatment. We are conducting clinical trials of two product candidates, ziftomenib and tipifarnib, and are preparing to initiate a first-in-human study of a third product candidate, KO-2806. We also have additional programs that are at a discovery stage. We own global commercial rights to all of our programs and product candidates. We plan to advance our product candidates through a combination of internal development and strategic partnerships while maintaining significant development and commercial rights. 
 3 

Ziftomenib. Our first product candidate, ziftomenib, is a potent, selective, reversible and oral small molecule inhibitor that blocks the interaction of two proteins, menin and the protein expressed by the Lysine K-specific Methyl Transferase 2A gene, or KMT2A (formerly referred to as the mixed-lineage leukemia 1 gene). 
 We received orphan drug designation for ziftomenib for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia, or AML, from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, in July 2019. We initiated our menin-KMT2A Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ziftomenib in relapsed or refractory AML which we call the K ura O ncology ME nin-KMT2A T rial, or KOMET-001, in September 2019. In the Phase 1a dose-escalation portion of the KOMET-001 trial, ziftomenib demonstrated a wide therapeutic window and encouraging monotherapy activity in an all-comer population of 30 patients with relapsed/refractory AML. A total of 53 patients were treated in the Phase 1b portion of the study, which consisted of two randomized expansion cohorts, each comprised of nucleophosmin 1-, or NPM1-, mutant and KMT2A-rearranged AML patients. Ziftomenib demonstrated optimal clinical benefit at 600 mg, with a 30 complete remission, or CR, rate (6/20) in patients with NPM1-mutant AML. 
 Continuous daily dosing of ziftomenib was well tolerated and reported adverse events most often were consistent with features of underlying disease. The most common treatment-emergent adverse event observed was differentiation syndrome, or DS, a known adverse event related to AML treatments that promote differentiation of AML cells. The frequency of DS was higher in patients with KMT2A-rearranged AML than those with NPM1-mutant AML. Although meaningful clinical benefit was observed in patients with KMT2A rearrangements, symptoms of DS prevented most patients from receiving sufficient therapy to attain response criteria for CR or CR with partial hematologic recovery, or CRh, and only one patient achieved a CR/CRh. 
 Based upon the results of the Phase 1b portion of the KOMET-001 study and following a positive Type C meeting with the FDA, we announced that 600 mg has been determined as the recommended Phase 2 dose, or RP2D, of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML. We have initiated the Phase 2 registration-directed portion of the KOMET-001 trial to further evaluate the safety, tolerability and anti-leukemic activity of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML, and we reported on February 9, 2023 that we dosed our first patients. 
 4 

In addition to initiating the Phase 2 portion of the KOMET-001 study, we expect to initiate multiple studies of ziftomenib in combination with standards of care and in earlier lines of therapy. The first ziftomenib combination study, which we call KOMET-007, is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with venetoclax and azacytidine in patients with newly diagnosed or relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML, and ziftomenib in combination with cytarabine and daunorubicin, or 7+3, in patients with newly diagnosed NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-007 in the first half of 2023. 
 The second ziftomenib combination study, which we call KOMET-008, is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with gilteritinib in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML, and ziftomenib in combination with FLAG-IDA or LDAC in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-008 in the second half of 2023. 
 Tipifarnib. Our second product candidate, tipifarnib, is a potent, selective and orally bioavailable inhibitor of farnesyl transferase that has been previously studied in more than 5,000 cancer patients and demonstrated compelling and durable anti-cancer activity in certain patients with a manageable side effect profile. 
 In February 2021, tipifarnib was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic HRAS mutant HNSCC with variant allele frequency 20 after disease progression on platinum-based chemotherapy. 
 On July 6, 2021, we announced a clinical collaboration with Novartis Pharma AG, or Novartis, to evaluate the combination of tipifarnib and alpelisib, a PI3 kinase alpha inhibitor, in patients with HNSCC whose tumors have HRAS overexpression and/or PIK3CA mutation and/or amplification. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we commenced a Phase 1/2 open-label, biomarker-defined cohort study, which we call the KURRENT-HN trial, to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the combination, determine the recommended dose and schedule for the combination, and assess early antitumor activity of the combination for the treatment of such patients. Under the terms of our collaboration agreement with Novartis, we sponsor the KURRENT-HN trial and supply tipifarnib, and Novartis supplies alpelisib. On December 16, 2021, we announced dose administration for the first patient in the PIK3CA cohort and, in August 2022, we announced dose administration for the first patient in the HRAS overexpression cohort in KURRENT-HN. In an ongoing effort to prioritize those programs with the highest potential to create value for patients, health care providers and shareholders, and because we are seeing promising clinical activity in the PIK3CA cohort, we have elected to prioritize the determination of the optimal biologically active dose, or OBAD, for the PIK3CA cohort and discontinue enrollment in the HRAS overexpression cohort. We expect to determine the OBAD for the PIK3CA cohort in mid-2023. 
 In November 2022, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial, which we called the KURRENT-LUNG trial, of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib in treatment-na ve locally advanced or metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor, or EGFR, mutated non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC. As part of our ongoing prioritization efforts, we have decided to close our KURRENT-LUNG trial and discontinue further development of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib, despite compelling preclinical data. 
 KO-2806. Our newest product candidate, KO-2806, is a next-generation farnesyl transferase inhibitor, or FTI, which we believe demonstrates improved potency, pharmacokinetic and physicochemical properties relative to earlier FTI drug candidates. In January 2023, we announced the clearance by the FDA of our investigational new drug, or IND, application for KO-2806 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors. We intend to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary antitumor activity of KO-2806 in a Phase 1 first-in-human study as a monotherapy and in combination with other targeted therapies. We expect to initiate this Phase 1 study, which we call the FIT-001 trial, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our strategy is to discover, acquire, develop and commercialize innovative anti-cancer agents in oncology indications with significant unmet medical need and attractive commercial potential. The key components of our strategy include the following: 
 Focus on developing novel, small molecule product candidates for the treatment of cancer; 

Identify molecular, genetic or other tumor-related characteristics of patients more likely to benefit from our product candidates; 

5 

Leverage clinical and pathology trends towards comprehensive tumor profiling and the use of companion diagnostics; 

Prioritize development of our programs in clinical indications of high unmet need where improved outcomes are associated with specific biomarkers; 

Advance our programs through a combination of internal development and strategic partnerships; 

Maintain significant development and commercial rights to our product candidates; and 

Build a sustainable product pipeline through internal discovery and development efforts as well as through potential external sources including collaborations, in-licenses and acquisitions. 

The COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions and business interruptions and shutdowns. These precautions may continue to disrupt our business operations and prospects. Since early March 2020, we have taken temporary precautionary measures, including routine screening and remote working initiatives, intended to help minimize the risk of COVID-19 to our employees and their families. In addition, we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, patient screening and enrollment at a slower pace at many of our clinical trial sites than what was projected when the trials began. Some of our clinical sites have experienced challenges in conducting trial activities while they focus critical resources on caring for COVID-19 patients and due to staffing challenges, facility restrictions, quarantines, travel restrictions, remote work requirements and other precautions. To manage the COVID-19 impact on our business, we developed a comprehensive COVID-19 contingency plan designed to work closely with our third-party contractors and investigators to ensure our ongoing clinical trials proceed safely and efficiently. As a result of these efforts, we continue to accrue patients for our clinical trials, but we expect the disruption caused by and the challenges associated with COVID-19 to continue for the foreseeable future. The long-term trends impacting our business from COVID-19 are uncertain and will depend on the continued world-wide progress toward managing this health crisis. 
 Precision Medicines in Cancer Treatment 
 Advancements in cancer genetics and new molecular diagnostic tools are helping define why some patients respond to a specific therapy while other patients receive little to no clinical benefit. This area of cancer drug discovery and development offers the potential for innovative treatments that are safer and more effective for patients with specific cancers. We aim to improve patient outcomes and contribute to the reduction in healthcare costs by matching targeted therapeutics to the patients who will derive the most benefit. We are developing a pipeline of small molecule product candidates designed to inhibit mutated or abnormally functioning cellular pathways that drive cancer growth or drug resistance and intend to pair them with molecular diagnostics to identify those patients with tumors most likely to respond to treatment. This approach to treatment is known as precision medicine. 
 A pioneering example of a precision medicine in cancer was the development of small molecule inhibitors against EGFR in patients with advanced lung cancer. Patients with EGFR mutations treated with EGFR inhibitors have a response rate in the 65 range, as opposed to a response rate of approximately 10 in unselected lung patients. Erlotinib (Tarceva was approved in the United States as a first-line treatment for patients with NSCLC characterized by EGFR mutations. Other examples of approved agents developed using precision medicine approaches include ALK, BCR-ABL, BRAF, ROS1, RET and TRK inhibitors. 
 Precision medicine has several advantages over traditional drug development. We believe evidence-based selection of patients who are more likely to respond to a targeted therapy based on tumor biology provides the potential for: higher translatability from preclinical to clinical studies; increased overall response rates, requiring fewer enrolled patients for clinical development; expedited clinical development in areas of high unmet need and improved safety relative to standard chemotherapy. We believe the precision medicine approach has the potential for more efficient drug development with reduced risks, costs and timelines. However, achieving success through a precision medicine approach is predicated on a thorough understanding of tumor biology and the mechanism of action of the product candidate. To develop this understanding, we have conducted extensive translational research on each of our programs. 
 6 

Our Approach to Development of Precision Medicines in Oncology 
 Translational research is the practice of synthesizing our knowledge of basic research, preclinical and clinical data to develop a bench-to-bedside understanding of the potential of our product candidates, and it is the principal methodology we utilize to guide our precision medicine approach. We evaluate our product candidates through both in vitro and in vivo experiments to evaluate their potential as therapeutics using a number of tools, including patient-derived xenograft, or PDX, models. PDX models mostly retain the principal histologic and genetic characteristics of their donor tumor and have been shown in many instances to be predictive of clinical outcomes and are increasingly being used for preclinical drug evaluation, biomarker identification, biologic studies and personalized medicine strategies. We evaluate our product candidates in preclinical PDX studies seeking to corroborate clinical data and to identify and prioritize potential clinical indications. 
 Because we often target molecular and/or genetic alterations that are detectable, companion diagnostic tests can be developed to identify these alterations. Once we have identified a target, we will initially use existing diagnostic tools, such as molecular assays (next-generation sequencing, or NGS, and/or qualitative polymerase chain reaction, or qPCR, of DNA and/or RNA), or tissue-based assays such as protein expression by immunohistochemistry, or IHC, to identify patient subsets that we believe will derive increased benefit from our product candidates. As we advance our product candidates clinically and determine the most important screening criteria, we intend to develop companion diagnostics as appropriate, with the help of technology partners, to seek to identify patients, and if our clinical development programs are successful, to support the potential registration and marketing of our product candidates. 
 Our clinical development strategy employs a disciplined approach designed to identify response signals early in development and reduce development risks. Based upon the data from our preclinical studies as well as clinical data, we seek to evaluate our product candidates in well-defined patient populations and believe this gives us a higher likelihood of demonstrating a clinical benefit. This approach is intended to allow for early insight into the therapeutic potential of a product candidate and the possibility for rapid clinical development and expedited regulatory strategies. 
 We are employing some or all of the steps above across our various programs as we advance our pipeline of targeted therapies. We believe the advantages of such an approach are the potential for higher translatability from preclinical to clinical studies, the ability to leverage clinical and pathology trends towards comprehensive tumor profiling and the potential for expedited clinical development. 
 Clinical Programs and Pipeline 
 Ziftomenib A Selective Inhibitor of the Menin-KMT2A Interaction 
 Overview 
 We are developing ziftomenib, an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of the menin-KMT2A interaction, for the treatment of genetically defined subsets of acute leukemias, including AML and acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or ALL. The menin-KMT2A program was licensed from the Regents of the University of Michigan, or the University of Michigan. 
 Acute Leukemias and Genetic Alterations 
 Acute leukemias, including those with rearrangements or partial tandem duplications in the KMT2A gene as well as those with oncogenic driver mutations in genes such as NPM1, are characterized by chromosomal translocations of the KMT2A gene that are primarily found in patients with AML and ALL and affect both children and adults. These translocations form oncogenes encoding KMT2A fusion proteins, which play a causative role in the onset, development and progression of KMT2A-r leukemias. KMT2A fusion proteins drive the upregulation of expression of a small set of target genes involved in the malignant transformation of blood cells, however, the fusion protein is critically dependent on binding the oncogenic co-factor menin to function. This implies that the menin-KMT2A interaction represents a valuable target for molecular therapy and supports the development of inhibitors of the menin-KMT2A protein-protein interaction. 
 The target genes of the KMT2A fusion proteins are also found to be overexpressed in a broader subset of AMLs characterized by mutations in NPM1, DNMT3A, IDH1, IDH2 and a different mutation in the KMT2A gene, known as an KMT2A-partial tandem duplication, or KMT2A-PTD. These mutations also appear to be dependent on the interaction between menin and KMT2A, suggesting that the menin-KMT2A complex is a central node in epigenetic dysregulation driven by distinct oncogenic driver mutations known to be important in AML and other hematologic malignancies. 
 7 

NPM1-mutations are among the most common genetic alterations, representing approximately 30 of AML. NPM1 mutations drive leukemogenesis in AML via cytoplasmic dislocation of NPM1 protein, resulting in transcription of disease-associated genes and inhibition of normal differentiation programs. NPM1-mutant AML is highly sensitive to disruption of the menin-KMT2A complex, which leads to decreased expression of essential leukemic genes, reduction of leukemic self-renewal capacity and promotion of differentiation. While patients with NPM1-mutant AML have high response rates to frontline therapy, relapse rates are high and survival outcomes are poor. Median overall survival is only six months following relapse for NPM1-mutant patients. 
 KMT2A-rearrangements represent approximately 5-10 of AML. Patients with KMT2A-rearranged AML have a poor prognosis with high rates of resistance and relapse following standard of care therapies. Currently, there are no approved therapies indicated for NPM1-mutant or KMT2A-rearranged leukemias. In the pediatric population, KMT2A-rearranged leukemias make up approximately 10 of acute leukemias. In the case of infant leukemias, the frequency of KMT2A rearrangements is 70 80 . These pediatric leukemia sub-types portend a poorer prognosis and five-year survival rate that is lower than other leukemia sub-types and therefore represent a significant unmet medical need given the lack of curative therapeutic options. 
 In adults, AML is the most common acute leukemia worldwide. In children and young adults under 20 years old, AML comprises 74 of acute leukemia cases. Despite the many available treatments for AML, prognosis for patients remains poor. Approximately 50 of patients with AML who achieve a CR after induction therapy relapse within one to three years. By preventing the interaction of menin and KMT2A/MLL, we believe ziftomenib has the potential to address approximately 35 of AML, including NPM1-mutant AML and KMT2A-rearranged AML. 
 Preclinical Data Supporting Ziftomenib as a Monotherapy and in Combination with Other Therapies 
 We have generated preclinical data that support the potential anti-tumor activity of ziftomenib in genetically defined subsets of acute leukemia, including those with rearrangements or partial tandem duplications in the KMT2A gene as well as those with oncogenic driver mutations in genes such as NPM1. Our preclinical data support the hypothesis that ziftomenib targets epigenetic dysregulation and removes a key block to cellular differentiation to drive anti-tumor activity. 
 In November 2017, we reported preclinical data at the AACR-NCI-EORTC International Conference on Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics showing robust and durable activity in multiple in vivo models of AML characterized by KMT2A-rearrangements or mutations in NPM1, DNMT3A, IDH1 and IDH2. We have further demonstrated that the inhibition of the menin-KMT2A interaction results in the down-regulation of KMT2A fusion target genes and an upregulation of markers of differentiation. 
 In December 2021, we reported the presentation of preclinical data for ziftomenib and its potential for synergistic activity in combination with the BCL2 inhibitor venetoclax, a current standard of care in the treatment of patients with AML. These data confirm that treatment with ziftomenib drives dose-dependent induction of growth inhibition, differentiation and loss of viability of AML cells with KMT2A rearrangements or NPM1 mutations, while also reducing key protein levels such as MEIS1, FLT3 and BCL2 and menin itself. In addition, the findings demonstrated that co-treatment with ziftomenib and venetoclax induces synergistic activity in patient-derived AML cells expressing KMT2A rearrangements or NPM1 mutations, with or without mutant FLT3 expression, and prolongs survival in an aggressive disseminated model of KMT2A-rearranged, FLT3-mutant AML. 
 Clinical Development of Ziftomenib in AML 
 In September 2019, we initiated the KOMET-001 trial, a Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ziftomenib in patients with relapsed or refractory AML to investigate the safety and tolerability of ziftomenib in humans, determine a RP2D, characterize pharmacokinetics of ziftomenib and assess any early evidence of antitumor activity. 
 8 

On December 5, 2020, we announced preliminary results from our KOMET-001 trial at an oral presentation at the 2020 American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting, or ASH. As of the data cutoff date for the ASH presentation, November 2, 2020, the trial had enrolled 12 patients with relapsed or refractory AML, of whom ten were evaluable for safety and tolerability and eight were evaluable for efficacy. Clinical or biological activity was reported in six of the eight efficacy-evaluable patients, including two patients achieving a CR, one patient achieving a morphological leukemia-free state, and one patient experiencing a marked decrease in hydroxyurea requirements and having attained peripheral blood count stabilization. As presented at ASH, ziftomenib has been well tolerated with a manageable safety profile to date. As of the data cutoff date, no drug discontinuations due to treatment-related adverse events and no evidence of QTc prolongation were reported. Treatment related adverse effects (grade 3) were reported to include pancreatitis, increased lipase, decreased neutrophil count, tumor lysis syndrome and deep venous thrombosis. 
 On May 6, 2021, we reported that we amended the KOMET-001 trial protocol to include two Phase 1b expansion cohorts at doses that cleared the safety threshold in dose escalation. The Phase 1b portion of the study was designed to determine the lowest dose of ziftomenib that provides maximum biologic and clinical effect, consistent with guidance from the FDA relating to targeted oncology therapies, known as Project Optimus. 
 On June 24, 2021, we reported that we dosed our first patient in the Phase 1b expansion cohorts. Each cohort a lower dose (200 mg) and a higher dose (600 mg) was comprised of NPM1-mutant and KMT2A-rearranged relapsed/refractory AML patients. Both doses demonstrated preliminary evidence of activity and safety and were determined to be well tolerated in the Phase 1a portion of the study. 
 On November 24, 2021, we reported that the FDA had placed the KOMET-001 trial on a partial clinical hold. The partial clinical hold was initiated following our report to the FDA of a Grade 5 serious adverse event potentially associated with DS, a known adverse event related to differentiating agents in the treatment of AML. Patients who were enrolled in the Phase 1b expansion cohort at the time of the partial clinical hold were permitted to continue to receive ziftomenib, although no additional patients were to be enrolled until the partial clinical hold was lifted. On January 20, 2022, we announced that the FDA had lifted the partial clinical hold on the KOMET-001 trial following agreement on our mitigation strategy for DS, and that the study would resume screening and enrollment of new patients. 
 On August 3, 2022, we announced that we completed enrollment in the Phase 1b expansion cohorts of the KOMET-001 trial. 
 On December 10, 2022, we announced updated clinical data from KOMET-001 that were presented during an oral presentation session at ASH. 
 In the Phase 1a dose-escalation portion of the KOMET-001 trial, ziftomenib demonstrated a wide therapeutic window and encouraging monotherapy activity in an all-comer population of 30 patients with relapsed/refractory AML, including a CR with no evidence of minimal residual disease, or MRD, in an NPM1-mutant patient with DNMT3A and KMT2D co-mutations. The patient entered the trial having progressed through two prior stem cell transplants and remains on ziftomenib after more than 31 cycles. 
 In order to inform an optimal Phase 2 dose and in consultation with the FDA and its Project Optimus initiative, we conducted a Phase 1b trial with two randomized expansion cohorts, each comprised of NPM1-mutant and KMT2A-rearranged AML patients. A total of 53 patients were ultimately treated in the Phase 1b trial: 17 at 200 mg and 36 at 600 mg. These patients were heavily pretreated and received a median of three prior lines of therapy (range 1-11), with the majority of patients having received prior venetoclax and a quarter having progressed after at least one prior stem cell transplant. As of the data cutoff on October 24, 2022, 10 of the patients treated at 600 mg remained on ziftomenib and 17 were still in follow-up. With 4.7 months median follow-up as of the ASH presentation, median duration of response had not been reached. 
 Ziftomenib demonstrated optimal clinical benefit at 600 mg with a 30 CR rate (6/20) in patients with NPM1-mutant AML, compared to 17 (1/6) at 200 mg. Notably, four of the six NPM1-mutant patients who achieved a CR at 600 mg had IDH and/or FLT3 co-mutations. Overall, four of the seven patients with IDH co-mutations achieved a CR on ziftomenib. Of the five patients assessed for MRD at 600 mg, three were MRD negative. 
 Although meaningful clinical benefit was observed in patients with KMT2A rearrangements, symptoms of DS prevented most patients from receiving sufficient therapy to attain response criteria for CR or CRh, and only one patient in this group achieved a CR/CRh. 
 9 

Continuous daily dosing of ziftomenib has been well tolerated. Reported adverse events most often were consistent with features of underlying disease. No evidence of drug-induced QTc prolongation was observed. Six patients discontinued due to adverse events; however, none of these were considered treatment related. The most common treatment-emergent adverse event observed was DS, a known adverse event related to AML treatments that promote differentiation of AML cells. Of the 20 NPM1-mutant patients treated at 600 mg, four (20 experienced DS; three of these events were Grade 2, and one of these events (5 was Grade 3. For KMT2A-rearranged patients, rates of DS were similar across doses (approximately 38 ); 25-30 of treated KMT2A-rearranged patients experienced Grade 3 or greater events. 
 We believe the higher incidence of DS observed in the KMT2A-rearranged patients is due to their much higher incidence of disease in extramedullary (outside of the bone marrow) sites, induced to differentiate by the high tissue penetrance demonstrated by ziftomenib, which has been demonstrated preclinically. We believe that combining ziftomenib with appropriate standards of care may reduce this extramedullary disease burden and consequent DS symptoms, keep patients on ziftomenib therapy longer and drive superior treatment outcomes in patients with KMT2A-rearranged AML. 
 We anticipate sharing a more mature dataset from the Phase 1 portion of our KOMET-001 trial of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML at a medical meeting in mid-2023. 
 In December 2022, we announced that 600 mg has been determined as the RP2D for ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML following a positive Type C meeting with the FDA, making us one of the first companies to satisfy the requirements of the FDA s Project Optimus. Agreement also was reached on key elements of a registration-enabling study design. We have initiated the Phase 2 registration-directed portion of the KOMET-001 trial to further evaluate the safety, tolerability and anti-leukemic activity of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML. We announced on February 9, 2023 that we dosed the first patients in the Phase 2 portion of the KOMET-001 trial. We expect to enroll a total of 85 patients in the United States and Europe. The primary endpoint is CR or CRh and key secondary endpoints include clinical benefit, safety and tolerability. 
 We anticipate initiating multiple Phase 1 studies of ziftomenib in combination with standard of care treatments in frontline and relapsed/refractory AML in 2023, pending FDA review of the protocols. 
 The KOMET-007 trial is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with venetoclax and azacytidine in patients with newly diagnosed or relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML, and ziftomenib in combination with cytarabine and daunorubicin, or 7+3, in patients with newly diagnosed NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-007 in the first half of 2023. 
 The KOMET-008 study is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with gilteritinib in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML, and ziftomenib in combination with FLAG-IDA or LDAC in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-008 in the second half of 2023. 
 Registration Strategy for Ziftomenib in Acute Myeloid Leukemia. Our immediate strategy for ziftomenib in AML is to generate a data package to support an application for marketing approval in NPM1-mutant AML. Our comprehensive clinical development plan for ziftomenib also includes the evaluation of ziftomenib in combination with standards of care for NPM1-mutant and KMT2A-rearranged AML, as described above, a pediatric development strategy and other indications, such as acute lymphocytic leukemia. Also, several investigator-sponsored clinical trials of ziftomenib are in development, in addition to our company-sponsored clinical trials. 
 Tipifarnib An Oral Farnesyl Transferase Inhibitor 
 Overview 
 Tipifarnib is a potent, selective and orally bioavailable inhibitor of protein farnesylation. Tipifarnib is a member of a class of product candidates called farnesyl transferase inhibitors, or FTIs. We in-licensed tipifarnib from Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, or Janssen, an affiliate of Johnson Johnson, in December 2014. Previously, tipifarnib was studied in more than 5,000 oncology patients in more than 70 clinical trials and was observed to be generally well tolerated with a manageable side effect profile as a single agent. Although tipifarnib has a well-established safety profile and has demonstrated compelling and durable anti-cancer activity in certain patients, its activity has not been sufficient in any prior clinical trial to support marketing approval by the FDA. However, clinical and preclinical data suggest that, in certain selected patient populations, tipifarnib has the potential to provide significant benefit to cancer patients with limited treatment options. We have worldwide rights to tipifarnib in all indications other than virology. 
 10 

Protein Farnesylation 
 Certain cellular proteins must associate with the intracellular membrane to function. One of the mechanisms by which proteins are associated with the inner cell membrane is farnesylation, which modifies the protein by attaching a farnesyl group. Another, related mechanism of attachment of proteins to the membrane is protein geranylgeranylation, which is attachment of a geranylgeranyl group to the protein. Protein farnesylation and protein geranylgeranylation, collectively called protein prenylation, cause intracellular proteins to become anchored to the inside of the cell membrane due to the hydrophobic nature of the farnesyl and geranylgeranyl groups. 
 The enzyme that catalyzes the attachment of the farnesyl groups to proteins is called farnesyl transferase. Small molecule inhibitors of the farnesyl transferase enzyme have been discovered, and several inhibitors including tipifarnib have been evaluated in human clinical trials. The small molecule inhibitors are commonly referred to as FTIs. Many proteins involved in cellular signaling undergo prenylation because they must be associated with other proteins at the inner cellular membrane of the tumor cell to function properly. Treatment of tumors with FTIs results in the reversal of several hallmarks of cancer, including mitotic arrest, induction of apoptosis, growth inhibition, tissue invasion, sustained angiogenesis and tumor growth, as well as induction of tumor regression in animal models. 
 Among the hundreds of proteins estimated to be prenylated, some are either exclusively farnesylated or exclusively geranylgeranylated; some are both farnesylated and geranylgeranylated, and others are naturally farnesylated but become geranylgeranylated, when the farnesyl transferase enzyme is inhibited. HRAS is an example of a protein that is exclusively farnesylated while KRAS and NRAS are two proteins that are naturally farnesylated but may become geranylgeranylated upon treatment with FTIs. 
 Solid Tumors with HRAS Mutations 
 Rat sarcoma virus, or RAS, oncogenes are translated into a family of membrane-associated proteins that are involved in regulating cell division in response to growth factor stimulation. The RAS gene family is comprised of three oncogenes: HRAS, KRAS and NRAS. Collectively, the three RAS genes constitute one of the most frequently mutated families of oncogenes in human cancers. Although HRAS mutations are less common overall relative to KRAS and NRAS mutations, they have a higher prevalence in cancers of the upper digestive tract, skin, thyroid and urinary bladder. 
 The HRAS protein is involved in regulating cell division in response to growth factor stimulation. Growth factors act by binding cell surface receptors that span the cell s plasma membrane. Once activated, receptors stimulate signal transduction events in the cytoplasm, a process by which proteins and second messengers relay signals from outside the cell to the cell nucleus and instruct the cell to grow or divide. HRAS is localized in the plasma membrane, and it is an early player in many signal transduction pathways. HRAS acts as a molecular on/off switch once HRAS is turned on it recruits and activates proteins necessary for the propagation of the receptor s signal. In certain solid tumors, mutations in HRAS or its upstream regulators cause HRAS to be permanently on, resulting in persistent activation of downstream growth and proliferation signals that drive tumor cell growth. FTIs work to prevent the aberrant growth and proliferation of cells that are dependent on these signaling pathways by inhibiting protein farnesylation and subsequent membrane localization of HRAS, thereby switching HRAS off. HRAS membrane localization is solely dependent on protein farnesylation, and therefore we believe that tipifarnib has the potential for the treatment of HRAS mutant solid tumors. 
 HNSCC is one of a number of different types of cancer that arises from squamous cells. Squamous cells are found in the outer layer of skin and in the mucous membranes, which are the moist tissues that line body cavities such as the airways and intestines. HNSCC develops in the mucous membranes of the mouth, nose, and throat and is classified by its location. HNSCC is caused by a variety of factors that can alter the DNA in cells. The strongest risk factors for developing this form of cancer are tobacco use, including smoking or using chewing tobacco, and heavy alcohol consumption. In addition, infection with certain strains of human papillomavirus, or HPV, is linked to the development of HNSCC. 
 HNSCC is a disease of high unmet need. Response rates for the three approved second-line agents, cetuximab (Erbitux ), nivolumab (Opdivo and pembrolizumab (Keytruda ), are in the range of 13-16 in unselected populations, with a median progression-free survival, or PFS, of approximately two months and a median overall survival of less than eight months. Data in the literature along with our own clinical data suggest response rates to these second-line agents in patients with HRAS mutations may be even lower. 
 Other types of cancer that can result from squamous cells include vulvar, penile, cutaneous and lung squamous cell carcinoma. Our preclinical and clinical data suggest that, among solid tumors with HRAS mutations, squamous cell tumors are sensitive tumors to treatment with tipifarnib, and treatment with tipifarnib can, in some patients, produce durable responses. 
 11 

Tipifarnib as a Monotherapy 
 We conducted a global, multi-center, open-label, non-comparative registration-directed clinical trial of tipifarnib in patients with HNSCC that carry mutations in the HRAS gene, which we called AIM-HN. In November 2022, we announced that although we continued to observe evidence of meaningful clinical activity in AIM-HN, we have elected to close the trial to further enrollment due to significant feasibility challenges. 
 In an ongoing effort to prioritize those programs with the highest potential to create value for patients, health care providers and shareholders, we have decided to close AIM-HN and discontinue further development of tipifarnib as a monotherapy, despite compelling clinical data. 
 Tipifarnib in Combinations 
 On July 6, 2021, we announced a clinical collaboration with Novartis to evaluate the combination of tipifarnib and alpelisib, a PI3 kinase alpha inhibitor, in patients with certain biomarker-defined subsets of recurrent/metastatic HNSCC. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we commenced a Phase 1/2 open-label, biomarker-defined cohort study, which we call the KURRENT-HN trial, to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the combination, determine the recommended dose and schedule for the combination, and assess early antitumor activity of the combination for the treatment of such patients. Under the terms of our collaboration agreement with Novartis, we sponsor the KURRENT-HN trial and supply tipifarnib, and Novartis supplies alpelisib. In the KURRENT-HN trial, we are currently evaluating the combination of tipifarnib and alpelisib in patients with HNSCC whose tumors have PIK3CA mutation and/or amplification. We anticipate enrolling approximately 20 HNSCC patients in the PIK3CA cohort and expect to determine the OBAD for that cohort in mid-2023. 
 In October 2022, we reported the first demonstration that the combination of tipifarnib and alpelisib can induce a durable clinical response in PIK3CA-dependent HNSCC at the EORTC-NCI-AACR Molecular Targets and Cancer Therapeutics Symposium, or the Triple Meeting. In a poster presented at the Triple Meeting, we highlighted a patient with stage III squamous cell carcinoma of the tonsil with a PIK3CA mutation who had achieved a durable partial response in the KURRENT-HN trial and continued on-study for more than 27 weeks as of the September 14th data cutoff. Treatment-related adverse events in KURRENT-HN are consistent with the known safety profiles of each drug and are manageable, with no dose-limiting toxicities reported to date. 
 We have also evaluated the use of FTIs in combination with EGFR-targeted therapies to prevent emergence of resistance to EGFR-targeted therapies. In November 2022, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial, which we called the KURRENT-LUNG trial, of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib in treatment-na ve locally advanced or metastatic EGFR mutated NSCLC. In February 2023, we announced that in an ongoing effort to prioritize those programs with the highest potential to create value for patients, health care providers and shareholders, we have decided to close our KURRENT-LUNG trial and discontinue further development of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib, despite compelling preclinical data. 
 KO-2806: Next-Generation Farnesyl Transferase Inhibitor 
 Over the past several years, we have pioneered the development of FTIs as combination agents to prevent or delay emergence of resistance to certain classes of targeted therapy in large solid tumor indications. Our preclinical data is supportive of FTIs in combination with a growing number of targeted therapies, including EGFR inhibitors and PI3 kinase alpha inhibitors, as well as tyrosine kinase inhibitors in renal cell carcinoma and KRAS G12C inhibitors in lung cancer. Our next-generation FTI, KO-2806, was developed with these applications in mind. 
 KO-2806 was designed to improve upon the potency, pharmacokinetic and physicochemical properties relative to earlier FTI drug candidates. We submitted an IND for KO-2806 to the FDA in December 2022 and announced the FDA s clearance of that IND in January 2023. We are preparing to initiate a Phase 1 first-in-human study of KO-2806 in the third quarter of 2023. The Phase 1 study is designed to assess the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and preliminary antitumor activity of KO-2806 when administered as a monotherapy and in combination therapy in adult patients with advanced solid tumors. Following completion of the dose escalation as a monotherapy, we plan to evaluate KO-2806 in in dose escalation combination cohorts in advanced solid tumors. 
 12 

License Agreements 
 The University of Michigan 
 In December 2014, we entered into a license agreement with the University of Michigan which was amended in March 2015, July 2015, September 2016, February 2017, May 2017 and August 2017, that grants us exclusive worldwide rights under certain patent rights to compounds in our menin-KMT2A program. Under this license agreement, we paid the University of Michigan an upfront nonrefundable license fee and are obligated to pay the University of Michigan annual license maintenance fees. We are also required to make development and regulatory milestone payments to the University of Michigan of up to 3.4 million in the aggregate if specified development and regulatory events are achieved for the first indication and additional payments for each subsequent indication. If we grant sublicenses under the license from the University of Michigan, we are required to pay the University of Michigan a percentage of certain amounts received from the sublicenses. When and if commercial sales of products covered by the licensed patent rights begin, we are obligated to pay the University of Michigan tiered royalties of low single digit percentages of our net sales depending on the amount of our net sales with standard provision for royalty offsets and sales-based milestones. All future development, regulatory and commercial work on the licensed compounds will be completed fully by us and at our sole expense. The University of Michigan retains the right to use the licensed compounds for non-commercial research, internal and/or educational purposes, with the right to grant the same limited rights to other non-profit research institutions. Under the agreement, as a result of our March 2015 private placement, we issued to the University of Michigan 79,113 shares of our common stock at a fair value of 0.5 million. The license agreement with the University of Michigan will terminate upon the last-to-expire patent rights, or may be terminated by us at any time with 90 days written notice of termination or terminated by the University of Michigan upon a bankruptcy by us, payment failure by us that is not cured within 30 days or a material breach of the agreement by us that is not cured within 60 days. 
 Janssen Pharmaceutica NV 
 In December 2014, we entered into a license agreement with Janssen, which was amended in June 2016, which grants us exclusive global rights to develop and commercialize tipifarnib in all indications other than virology and includes the right to grant sublicenses. We are obligated under the license agreement to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize tipifarnib and, with the exception of the transfer to us without cost of Janssen s existing inventory of tipifarnib material, we are responsible for all future development and commercialization costs for tipifarnib. 
 Under the terms of the license agreement, in January 2015 we issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of 1.0 million to Johnson Johnson Innovation JJDC, Inc., which automatically converted into shares of common stock in our March 2015 private placement. When and if commercial sales of tipifarnib begin, we are obligated to pay Janssen tiered royalties of low teens percentages of our net sales, depending on the amount of our net sales, with standard provisions for royalty offsets in the event of generic competition or compulsory licenses, on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis until the later of the expiration of the last to expire valid claim of the licensed patents covering the licensed product in the field in such country, the expiration of any regulatory exclusivity with respect to such product in such country, and ten years from our first commercial sale. We are also required to make regulatory milestone payments to Janssen of up to 25.0 million in the aggregate, if specified regulatory approvals are achieved for the first indication and additional payments for each subsequent indication if specified regulatory approvals are achieved. In addition, we are required to make sales milestone payments of up to 50.0 million in the aggregate if specified sales thresholds are surpassed. If we grant sublicenses under the license from Janssen, we are required to pay to Janssen a percentage of any upfront, lump-sum or milestone payments received from our sublicensee, subject to certain exclusions for regulatory milestone payments due under the license agreement. 
 The license agreement with Janssen will remain in effect until the expiration of all of our royalty and sublicense revenue obligations to Janssen, determined on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, unless we elect to terminate the license agreement earlier. If we fail to meet our obligations under the license agreement and are unable to cure such failure within specified time periods, Janssen can terminate the license agreement, resulting in a loss of our licensed rights to tipifarnib. 
 Competition 
 The development and commercialization of new products to treat cancer is intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Although we believe that our knowledge, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face substantial competition from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies worldwide. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources. Smaller and early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. As a result, our competitors may discover, develop, license or commercialize products before or more successfully than we do. 
 13 

We face competition with respect to our current product candidates, and we will face competition with respect to future product candidates, from segments of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other related markets that pursue approaches to targeting molecular alterations and signaling pathways associated with cancer. Our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we do or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit our ability to develop or commercialize our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that are more effective, more convenient, less costly or possessing better safety profiles than our products, and these competitors may be more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products. 
 In addition, we will need to develop our product candidates in collaboration with diagnostic companies and will face competition from other companies in establishing these collaborations. Our competitors will also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 Furthermore, we also face competition more broadly across the market for cost-effective and reimbursable cancer treatments. The most common methods of treating patients with cancer are surgery, radiation and drug therapy, including chemotherapy, hormone therapy and targeted drug therapy or a combination of such methods. There are a variety of available drug therapies marketed for cancer. In many cases, these drugs are administered in combination to enhance efficacy. While our product candidates, if any are approved, may compete with these existing drug and other therapies, to the extent they are ultimately used in combination with or as an adjunct to these therapies, our product candidates may not be competitive with them. Some of these drugs are branded and subject to patent protection, and others are available on a generic basis. Insurers and other third-party payors may also encourage the use of generic products or specific branded products. We expect that if our product candidates are approved, they will be priced at a premium over competitive generic, including branded generic, products. As a result, obtaining market acceptance of, and gaining significant share of the market for, any of our product candidates that we successfully introduce to the market will pose challenges. In addition, many companies are developing new therapeutics, and we cannot predict what the standard of care will be as our product candidates progress through clinical development. 
 Menin Inhibitor Competition 
 Although there are currently no approved drugs targeting the menin-KMT2A interaction, we are aware of other companies engaged in discovery, preclinical or clinical development of menin-KMT2A inhibitors including Syndax, Biomea, Janssen, Sumitomo Dainippon and Daiichi Sankyo. Although there are no targeted therapies approved specifically for the treatment of KMT2A rearranged or NPM1 mutant leukemias, there are several products in development, including Epizyme s EPZ-5676 and Rasna Therapeutic s RASP-301. 
 FTI Competition 
 Although there are currently no approved drugs targeting farnesyl transferase, we are aware of several compounds that are now or have previously been in clinical development, including Merck s lonafarnib, Bristol-Myers Squibb s BMS-214662, Astellas Pharma s, formerly OSI Pharmaceuticals, CP-609,754, and AstraZeneca s AZD3409. To our knowledge, there are no ongoing clinical trials evaluating any of these agents for the treatment of cancer. However, the initiation of clinical development of another farnesyl transferase inhibitor in an oncology setting could become competitively significant, and if tipifarnib or our other product candidates do not offer sustainable advantages over competing products, we may not be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors. 
 Even if we are successful in developing our product candidates, the resulting products would compete with a variety of established drugs in each targeted therapeutic indication. There are several therapies approved for the treatment of HNSCC, including Eli Lilly s/Merck KGaA s cetuximab (Erbitux ), Bristol Myers Squibb s nivolumab (Opdivo and Merck s pembrolizumab (Keytruda ), and squamous cell lung cancer, or Sq-NSCLC, including Keytruda, Opdivo, Roche s atezolizumab (Tencentriq and Eli Lilly s ramucirumab (Cyramza ). 
 14 

Commercialization 
 We have not yet established a full-scale sales, marketing or product distribution infrastructure because our lead candidates are still in clinical development. We presently are in the planning stages of shaping our commercial capabilities and infrastructure. We anticipate that we will aim to retain commercial rights in North America for any of our product candidates for which we may in the future receive marketing approvals and that, if and when appropriate, we will seek to access the North American oncology markets through a focused, specialized, internal sales force. We may also seek to retain commercial rights in Europe for any of our product candidates for which we may in the future receive marketing approvals. 
 Subject to receiving marketing approvals, we expect to commence commercialization activities through a focused internal commercial team (marketing, analytics, market access and sales) in North America to sell our products. We may also build a focused commercial team in Europe to sell our products. Outside of regions where we maintain commercial rights, we may enter into distribution and other marketing arrangements with third parties for any of our product candidates that obtain marketing approval in foreign jurisdictions. 
 We also aim to build a commercial team to create and implement strategies for any products that we may in the future bring to market. We anticipate that our goals for any such commercial teams include developing initiatives with respect to market development or commercialization for any approved products. 
 We currently expect that any third parties with which we may collaborate in the future on the development of any commercial companion diagnostics for use with our therapeutic products will most likely hold the commercial rights to those diagnostic products. 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing as well as for commercial manufacture of any products that we may commercialize. All of our product candidates are small molecules and are manufactured in synthetic processes from available starting materials. The chemistry does not currently require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. 
 For all our product candidates, we aim to identify and qualify manufacturers to provide the active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and drug product services prior to submission of a new drug application, or NDA, to the FDA. 
 We generally expect to rely on third parties for the manufacture of any companion diagnostics we or our collaborators may develop. 
 We monitor and manage our supply chain network for potential changes that could impact our global or regulatory manufacturing supply strategy. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary or intellectual property protection for our product candidates and our core technologies, including novel biomarker and diagnostic discoveries and other know-how, to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary or intellectual property rights. We expect that we will seek to protect our proprietary and intellectual property position by, among other methods, licensing or filing our own U.S., international and foreign patent applications related to our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our proprietary and intellectual property position, which we generally seek to protect through contractual obligations with third parties. 
 15 

We currently, and expect that we will continue to, file or license patent applications directed to our key product candidates in an effort to establish intellectual property positions regarding composition-of-matter of these product candidates, as well as biomarkers that may be useful in selecting the right patient population for use of any of our product candidates, formulations, processes and methods of using these product candidates in the treatment of various cancers. We own or in-licensed patents or patent applications into our patent portfolio that now includes issued U.S. and foreign patents, pending U.S. patent applications, pending applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty and corresponding pending patent applications in a number of foreign jurisdictions. 
 We have exclusively licensed from the University of Michigan or co-own multiple families of patent applications pertaining to our menin-KMT2A program. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or U.S. PTO, has issued the University of Michigan and us patents covering the composition of matter of ziftomenib and certain structurally related compounds, and methods of using the compounds for the treatment of cancers, and related patents have been granted in foreign jurisdictions such as Europe, China, and Japan. We are pursuing additional U.S. and foreign patents related to ziftomenib development. 
 We have exclusively licensed from Janssen a portfolio of approximately 20 patent families related to tipifarnib. The in-licensed Janssen composition-of-matter family for tipifarnib expired in the United States and Europe in 2016. We have secured several U.S. and foreign method of treatment patents specifically directed to tipifarnib, as well as several U.S. and foreign patents pertaining to methods of treatment for FTIs more broadly. We have also exclusively licensed from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center a patent family pertaining to a method of use of tipifarnib, in which the U.S. PTO issued a patent. We currently, and expect that we will continue to, file for patents in the United States with counterparts in major market countries in Europe and other key markets in the rest of the world related to our FTI program. 
 In addition to the patent applications that we have filed to date, we plan to continue to expand our intellectual property portfolio by filing patent applications directed to inventions that arise from our research and development programs, including dosage forms, methods of treatment and additional compounds that inhibit our oncology molecular targets. Specifically, we have filed patent applications and we anticipate that we will continue to seek patent protection in the United States and internationally for novel compositions of matter covering the compounds, the chemistries and processes for manufacturing these compounds, their intermediates and/or metabolites, the use of these compounds in a variety of therapies and the use of biomarkers for patient selection for these compounds. However, these or other patent applications that we may file or license from third parties may not result in the issuance of patents, and any issued patents may cover limited claims that reduce their value and/or may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property. 
 In addition to patents, we also rely upon unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect our proprietary information, in part, using confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, scientific advisors, employees and consultants, and invention assignment agreements with our employees and selected consultants, scientific advisors and collaborators. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and, in the case of agreements or clauses requiring invention assignment, to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed through a relationship with a third-party. 
 Orange Book Listing 
 In seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA certain patents whose claims cover the applicant s product. Upon approval, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Any applicant who files an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, seeking approval of a generic equivalent version of a drug listed in the Orange Book or a Section 505(b)(2) NDA referencing a drug listed in the Orange Book must certify to the FDA that (1) no patent information on the drug product that is the subject of the application has been submitted to the FDA; (2) such patent has expired; (3) the date on which such patent expires; or (4) such patent is invalid or will not be infringed upon by the manufacture, use or sale of the drug product for which the application is submitted. This last certification is known as a paragraph IV certification. A notice of the paragraph IV certification must be provided to each owner of the patent that is the subject of the certification and to the holder of the approved NDA to which the ANDA or Section 505(b)(2) application refers. The applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed label does not contain, or carves out, any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. 
 16 

If the NDA holder for the reference drug and/or patent owners assert a patent challenge directed to one of the Orange Book listed patents within 45 days of the receipt of the paragraph IV certification notice, the FDA is prohibited from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months from the receipt of the paragraph IV certification, expiration of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the applicant. The ANDA or Section 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the reference drug has expired as described in further detail below. 
 Non-Patent Exclusivity 
 In addition to patent exclusivity, the holder of an NDA for a listed drug may be entitled to a period of non-patent exclusivity, during which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA or Section 505(b)(2) application that relies on the listed drug. For example, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may obtain five years of non-patent exclusivity upon FDA approval of a new chemical entity, or NCE, which is a drug that contains an active moiety that has not been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. An active moiety is defined as the molecule or ion responsible for the drug substance s physiological or pharmacologic action. During the five-year exclusivity period, the FDA cannot accept for filing any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug or any Section 505(b)(2) NDA for the same active moiety and that relies on the FDA s findings regarding that drug, except that the FDA may accept an application for filing after four years if the follow-on applicant makes a paragraph IV certification. Five-year NCE exclusivity does not block the submission, review or approval of a 505(b)(1) NDA. 
 Patent Term Extension 
 After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension for one patent. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug s testing phase the time between IND application and NDA submission plus all of the review phase the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term, including the extension may not exceed 14 years from the date of NDA approval. 
 For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the U.S. PTO must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. 
 Government Regulation 
 FDA Approval Process 
 In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. 
 Pharmaceutical product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the United States typically involves preclinical laboratory and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an IND which must become effective before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Product development is also guided by The International Council for Harmonisation, or ICH, a global initiative that brings together regulatory authorities and pharmaceutical industry to discuss scientific and technical aspects of pharmaceutical product development and registration. Regional and country-specific health authorities such as FDA, Europe s EMA and Japan s PMDA have adopted the ICH guidance as standards to be used in product development. 
 17 

Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. 
 A 30-day waiting period after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has not placed the IND on hold within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with good clinical practice, or GCP, an international standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; and (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the clinical trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. 
 The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The trial protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional review board, or IRB, for approval. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s requirements, or may impose other conditions. 
 Clinical trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase 2 usually involves clinical trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a specific indication, dosage tolerance and optimum dosage and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a compound demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 clinical trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single Phase 3 clinical trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances where the study is a large multicenter clinical trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second clinical trial would be practically or ethically impossible. 
 After completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing and a compilation of data relating to the product s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and submitting an NDA is substantial. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing based on the agency s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. The FDA has agreed to certain performance goals in the review of NDAs to encourage timeliness. Most applications for standard review drug products are reviewed within 12 months from submission; most applications for priority review drugs are reviewed within eight months from submission. Priority review can be applied to drugs that the FDA determines offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists. The review process for both standard and priority review may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider certain late-submitted information, or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. 
 The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an outside advisory committee typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 
 18 

Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with current good manufacturing practice, or cGMP a quality system regulating manufacturing is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 After the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA s satisfaction in a resubmission of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months depending on the type of information included. 
 An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use, or ETASU. ETASU can include, but is not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the drug s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. 
 Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. 
 Project Optimus 
 In 2021, the FDA s Oncology Center of Excellence launched Project Optimus, an initiative to reform the dose optimization and dose selection paradigm in oncology drug development to emphasize selection of an optimal dose, which is a dose that maximizes not only the efficacy of a drug but also its safety and tolerability. Project Optimus was driven by the FDA s concerns that the historical approach to dose selection, which generally determined the maximum tolerated dose, may have resulted in doses and schedules of molecularly targeted therapies that were inadequately characterized before the initiation of pivotal trials. 
 Project Optimus requires the implementation of strategies for dose finding and dose optimization that leverage nonclinical and clinical data in dose selection, including randomized evaluations of a range of doses in trials. This initiative emphasizes the performance of dose finding and dose optimization studies as early and efficiently as possible in development programs. In support of this initiative, the FDA may request sponsors of oncology product candidates to conduct dose optimization studies pre- or post-approval. 
 Fast Track Designation and Accelerated Approval 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new product candidate may request that the FDA designate the product candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the product candidate. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 
 If a submission is granted Fast Track Designation, the sponsor may engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, and the FDA may review sections of the NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. Additionally, Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 19 

Under the FDA s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 
 In clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly than clinical endpoints. A product candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-approval compliance requirements, including the completion of Phase 4, or post-approval clinical trials, to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-approval studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to priority review by the FDA. 
 Breakthrough Therapy Designation 
 A Breakthrough Therapy Designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint(s). The FDA may expedite the development and review of the application for approval of drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, the sponsor of a new product candidate may request that the FDA designate the product candidate for a specific indication as a Breakthrough Therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the product candidate. A Breakthrough Therapy Designation provides all Fast Track Designation features, offers intensive guidance on an efficient drug development program and ensures organizational commitment involving senior management at FDA. The FDA must determine if the product candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor s request. 
 Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity 
 The Orphan Drug Act provides incentives for the development of products intended to treat rare diseases or conditions. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. If a sponsor demonstrates that a drug is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, the FDA will grant orphan designation for that product for the orphan disease indication, assuming the same drug has not already been approved for the indication for which the sponsor is seeking orphan designation. If the same drug has already been approved for the indication for which the sponsor is seeking orphan designation, the sponsor must present a plausible hypothesis of clinical superiority to obtain orphan designation. Orphan designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan designation, the FDA discloses the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use. 
 Orphan designation may provide manufacturers with benefits such as research grants, tax credits, Prescription Drug User Fee Act application fee waivers, and eligibility for orphan drug exclusivity. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval of the active moiety for that disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which for seven years prohibits the FDA from approving another product with the same active ingredient for the same indication, except in limited circumstances. Orphan drug exclusivity will not bar approval of another product under certain circumstances, including if a subsequent product with the same active ingredient for the same indication is shown to be clinically superior to the approved product on the basis of greater efficacy or safety or is shown to provide a major contribution to patient care or if the company with orphan drug exclusivity is not able to meet market demand. Further, the FDA may approve more than one product for the same orphan indication or disease as long as the products contain different active ingredients. Moreover, competitors may receive approval of different products for the indication for which the orphan drug has exclusivity or obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan drug has exclusivity. 
 20 

In the European Union, orphan designation also entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee waivers and a grant of ten years of market exclusivity following drug or biological product approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. 
 Orphan designation must be requested prior to submission of an application for marketing approval. Orphan designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. An orphan drug designation does not obviate, in certain circumstances, the need to evaluate a product in pediatric patients. 
 Post-Approval Requirements 
 Once an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the drug s FDA approved labeling. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-approval testing, known as Phase 4 testing, REMS and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or the FDA may place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, drug manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMP. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, or PREA, NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers, or deferrals, for submission of data. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which orphan designation has been granted. 
 The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act, or BPCA, provides NDA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity patent or non-patent for a drug if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA s determination that information relating to the use of a new drug in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a written request for pediatric studies and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications under the BPCA are treated as priority applications, with all of the benefits that designation confers. 
 FDA Regulation of Companion Diagnostics 
 Our drug products may rely upon in vitro companion diagnostics for use in selecting the patients that we believe will respond to our cancer therapeutics. If safe and effective use of a therapeutic product depends on an in vitro diagnostic, or IVD, the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of the diagnostic at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product in order to allow for its commercial use. 
 Laboratory developed tests that are subject to Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments regulations and the Public Health Service Act have been accepted, to date, for the conduct of clinical trials. The FDA has required in vitro companion diagnostics intended to select the patients who will respond to cancer treatment to obtain a premarket approval, or PMA, for that diagnostic simultaneously with approval of the drug. The FDA has indicated that it will require PMA approval of one or more in vitro companion diagnostics to identify patient populations suitable for our cancer therapies. The review of these in vitro companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of our cancer treatments involves coordination of review by the FDA s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and by the FDA s Center for Devices and Radiological Health. 
 21 

The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical and nonclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years or longer. It involves a rigorous premarket review during which the applicant must prepare and provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device s safety and effectiveness and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. PMA applications are subject to an application fee. In addition, PMAs for certain devices must generally include the results from extensive preclinical and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the device for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. In particular, for a diagnostic, the applicant must demonstrate that the diagnostic produces reproducible results when the same sample is tested multiple times by multiple users at multiple laboratories. As part of the PMA review, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer s facilities for compliance with the Quality System Regulation, or QSR, which imposes elaborate testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements. 
 PMA approval is not guaranteed, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable determination based on deficiencies in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that can substantially delay approval. If the FDA s evaluation of the PMA application is favorable, the FDA typically issues an approvable letter requiring the applicant s agreement to specific conditions, such as changes in labeling, or specific additional information, such as submission of final labeling, in order to secure final approval of the PMA. If the FDA concludes that the applicable criteria have been met, the FDA will issue a PMA for the approved indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought by the applicant. The PMA can include post-approval conditions that the FDA believes necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution. 
 After a device is placed on the market, it remains subject to significant regulatory requirements. Medical devices may be marketed only for the uses and indications for which they are cleared or approved. Device manufacturers must also establish registration and device listings with the FDA. A medical device manufacturer s manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging and shipping of medical devices. Domestic facility records and manufacturing processes are subject to periodic unscheduled inspections by the FDA. The FDA also may inspect foreign facilities that export products to the United States. 
 Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, recall or seizure of current or future products, operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production, denial of submissions for new products or withdrawal of PMA approvals. 
 Clinical Trials and IDEs 
 A clinical trial is almost always required to support a PMA application. In some cases, one or more smaller investigational device exemption, or IDE, studies may precede a pivotal clinical trial intended to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the investigational device. 
 All clinical studies of investigational devices must be conducted in compliance with the FDA s requirements. If an investigational device could pose a significant risk to patients pursuant to FDA regulations, the FDA must approve an IDE application prior to initiation of investigational use. For a clinical trial where the IVD result directs the therapeutic care of patients with cancer, we believe that the FDA may consider use of the IVD as part of the clinical investigation to present significant risk and require an IDE application. 
 An IDE application must be supported by appropriate data, such as laboratory test results, showing that it is safe to test the device in humans and that the testing protocol is scientifically sound. The FDA typically grants IDE approval for a specified number of patients. A non-significant risk device does not require FDA approval of an IDE. Both significant risk and non-significant risk investigational devices require approval from IRBs at the trial centers where the device will be used. 
 During the clinical trial, the sponsor must comply with the FDA s IDE requirements for investigator selection, clinical trial monitoring, reporting and record keeping. The investigators must obtain patient informed consent, rigorously follow the investigational plan and trial protocol, control the disposition of investigational devices and comply with all reporting and record keeping requirements. Prior to granting PMA approval, the FDA typically inspects the records relating to the conduct of the trial and the clinical data supporting the PMA application for compliance with applicable requirements. 
 22 

Although the QSR does not fully apply to investigational devices, the QSR requirement for controls on design and development does apply. The sponsor also must manufacture the investigational device in conformity with the quality controls described in the IDE application and any conditions of IDE approval that the FDA may impose with respect to manufacturing. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of our product candidates to the extent we choose to sell any products outside of the United States. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies based on regulations enacted by regional entities such as the European Medicines Agency as well as country-specific health authorities such as Japan s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. As in the United States, post-approval regulatory requirements, such as those regarding product manufacture, marketing, or distribution would apply to any product that is approved outside the United States. 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries, extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, including any manufacturing changes, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, import and export of pharmaceutical products, such as those we are developing. 
 There are also foreign regulations governing the privacy and security of health information and the use of personal data to sell or market products, including the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, or GDPR, which imposes privacy and security obligations on any entity that collects and/or processes personal data from individuals located in the European Union and/or sells or markets products in the European Union. Under the GDPR, fines of up to 20 million euros or up to 4 of the annual global turnover of the infringer, whichever is greater, could be imposed for significant non-compliance. 
 Additional Healthcare Regulations and Environmental Matters 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, we are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. These laws include transparency laws, anti-kickback statutes, false claims laws, health information privacy and security statutes and regulations regarding providing drug samples, among others. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual or the purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. 
 Federal false claims laws, including the False Claims Act, prohibit, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to have a false claim paid. Pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws for allegedly inflating drug prices they report to pricing services, which in turn were used by the government to set Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement rates, and for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product. In addition, certain marketing practices, including off-label promotion, may also violate false claims laws. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. 
 23 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or the HITECH Act, and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information used and disclosed by covered entities and their business associates that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity, as well as their covered subcontractors. Many states and foreign jurisdictions also have laws and regulations that govern the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information, and such laws often vary from one another and from HIPAA. 
 The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals. It also requires certain manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to track and report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures or drug pricing. Certain state and local laws also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. Our activities may also subject to be certain state laws regarding the privacy and security of health information that may not be preempted by HIPAA. 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including potentially significant administrative, criminal and civil penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, injunctions, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of pre-marketing product approvals, private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government or refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. 
 In addition to regulatory schemes that apply, or may in the future apply, to our business, we are or may become subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, laboratory procedures and any use and disposal by us of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances used in connection with our research and development activities. We do not presently expect such environmental, health and safety laws or regulations to materially impact our present or planned future activities. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 Sales of any of our product candidates that may be approved, including any drug or companion diagnostics we may develop, will depend, in part, on the extent to which the cost of the product will be covered by third-party payors. Third-party payors may limit coverage to an approved list of products, or formulary, which might not include all drug products approved by the FDA for an indication. A payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Adequate third-party payor reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. Any companion diagnostic that we or our collaborators develop will be subject to separate coverage and reimbursement determinations by third-party payors. 
 24 

Any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective by third-party payors, and we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in the future to demonstrate the medical necessity and/or cost effectiveness of any such product. Nonetheless, our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown increased interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit government-paid health care costs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Continued interest in and adoption of such controls and measures, and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceuticals such as the product candidates we are developing. 
 Health Reform 
 The United States and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a specific focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. By way of example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, was signed into law, which intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. With regard to pharmaceutical products, among other things, the ACA expanded and increased industry rebates for drugs covered under Medicaid programs and made changes to the coverage requirements under the Medicare prescription drug benefit. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Moreover, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021 through August 15, 2021 for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. Most recently, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, which, among other reforms, allows Medicare to: beginning in 2026, establish a maximum fair price for certain pharmaceutical and biological products covered under Medicare Parts B and D and beginning in 2025, impose new discounts obligations on pharmaceutical and biological manufacturers for products covered under Medicare Part D. The IRA permits the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, to implement many of these provisions through guidance, as opposed to regulation, for the initial years. For that and other reasons, it is currently unclear how the IRA will be effectuated, and while the impact of the IRA on the pharmaceutical industry cannot yet be fully determined, it is likely to be significant. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how any such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the ACA. 
 25 

Recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner by which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. For example, there have been several recent U.S. Presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. At the federal level, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 In the coming years, additional legislative and regulatory changes could be made to governmental health programs that could significantly impact pharmaceutical companies and the success of our product candidates. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year effective April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will stay in effect through 2031. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. In addition, Congress is considering additional health reform measures. Further, Congress is considering additional health reform measures. These new laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our drugs, if approved, and, accordingly, our financial operations. 
 Human Capital 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed 133 full-time employees. Our employees comprised 85 in research, development and supply chain and 48 in commercial and general and administrative capacities. As of such date, all our employees were based in the United States except one employee who works from an international location. We also engage temporary consultants and contractors. All of our employees are at-will employees, which means that each employee can terminate his or her relationship with us and we can terminate our relationship with him or her at any time and none of our employees are represented by a labor union with respect to his or her employment with us. 
 We believe our employees are the driving force to achieving our business goals and growth strategy and we continuously monitor our demand for capable and talented people to support our mission. We invest in our employees through high-quality benefits and various health and wellness initiatives, competitive compensation packages and practicing fair compensation practices. For our talent pipeline development, we work closely with individual business functions to provide training and hands-on support for managers and leaders, to assess talent and identify development opportunities. Our human capital strategy is overseen at the highest levels of our organization, from the Board of Directors and across our senior management . 
 Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics ensures that our core values of respect, integrity, collaboration, innovation, trust, and excellence are applied throughout our operations. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics serves as a critical tool to help all of us recognize and report unethical conduct, while preserving and nurturing our culture of honesty and accountability. We provide a comprehensive training program on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all of our staff and management employees annually. 
 26 

We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer in compliance with the requirements of the Executive Order 11246 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act. We pride ourselves on our commitment to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and empowered workforce. In 2020, we established what is now called the Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Committee, or DE I Committee, an employee-led committee consisting of members from across the organization that focuses on matters related to our corporate culture, specifically related to diversity, equity, inclusion, and social justice. The DE I Committee s initiatives include internal education, women s professional development, community outreach, external mentoring and clinical trial equity. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our corporate headquarters are located at 12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400, San Diego, California 92130, and our telephone number is (858) 500-8800. We also occupy offices in Boston, Massachusetts. We maintain a website at www.kuraoncology.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report. Our Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on the Investors Media portion of our website as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 All brand names or trademarks appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other parties trademarks, trade dress, or products in this Annual Report is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark, trade dress or product owners. 
 27 

Item 1A. Ri sk Factors. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Except for the historical information contained herein or incorporated by reference, this Annual Report and the information incorporated by reference contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements include projections about our accounting and finances, plans and objectives for the future, future operating and economic performance and other statements regarding future performance. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed here. Factors that could cause or contribute to differences in our actual results include those discussed in the following section, as well as those discussed in Part II, Item 7 entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere throughout this Annual Report and in any other documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. You should consider carefully the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated in this Annual Report. Each of these risk factors, either alone or taken together, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock. There may be additional risks that we do not presently know of or that we currently believe are immaterial which could also impair our business and financial position. 
 Risks Related to the Discovery and Development of Our Product Candidates 
 Our ability to conduct our clinical trials has been and could continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks. 
 COVID-19 has adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, our ability to conduct our clinical trials. The COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect the operations of third-party suppliers and service providers that we rely upon to carry out our clinical trials or the operations of our third-party manufacturers, which could result in delays or disruptions in the supply of our product candidates for our clinical trials. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has delayed and may continue to delay startup of new clinical trial sites and enrollment in our clinical trials due to staffing challenges, prioritization of hospital resources toward the pandemic, requirements for working remotely and restrictions in travel. Some patients may be unwilling to enroll in our current and future clinical trials or be unable to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines or travel restrictions impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Increased demand at clinical trial sites and quarantined doctors and staff may reduce personnel and other available resources at clinical trial sites needed to conduct our clinical trials and may cause the screening of new patients or clinical trial operations to be delayed or paused. Trial sites have in some cases limited and may continue to limit or prohibit on-site dosing and monitoring to decrease potential exposure of doctors, staff and patients to COVID-19, which may require us to adopt remote monitoring and other procedures to ensure verifiable trial execution. Although we continue to enroll patients in our clinical studies, there is the potential that we may experience significant delays or other material adverse effects from the COVID-19 pandemic with regard to the conduct of our clinical trials and the COVID-19 pandemic could potentially decrease the implementation of protocol required trial activities and the quality of source data verification at clinical trial sites. Additionally, if a clinical trial site is not capable of remote clinical trial capabilities, we may be required to find and engage new clinical trial investigative sites. Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on patient enrollment or treatment could delay our clinical trial timelines and adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and to commercialize our product candidates, particularly on our current projected timelines. We remain in active dialog with our contract research organizations, or CROs, and clinical sites to minimize the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to our clinical trials without adversely affecting the safety of patients, the quality of clinical data and overall integrity of our clinical trials. Despite our best efforts, it may prove difficult to continue to treat patients in a timely manner and activation of new sites could be delayed, particularly for our clinical trial sites in areas with high rates of community spread. 
 We are highly dependent on the success of our lead product candidate, ziftomenib, which is still in clinical development, and we cannot give any assurance that ziftomenib or any of our other product candidates will receive regulatory approval, which is necessary before they can be commercialized. 
 Our future success is highly dependent on our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and then successfully commercialize, our lead product candidate, ziftomenib. Our business depends entirely on the successful development and commercialization of our product candidates. We have not completed the development of any product candidates; we currently generate no revenues from sales of any product, and we have not demonstrated that we can successfully develop a marketable product. 
 28 

We may subsequently learn of certain information or data that the FDA may request, which may necessitate conducting additional preclinical studies or generating additional information at significant cost in terms of both time and expense, including under a clinical hold imposed on an IND. For example, if the FDA does not believe we have sufficiently demonstrated that the selected doses for our investigational products maximize not only the efficacy of the investigational product, but the safety and tolerability as well, our ability to initiate new studies may be delayed. Even if we conducted the additional studies or generated the additional information requested, the FDA could disagree that we have satisfied their requirements, all of which will cause significant delays and expense to our programs. 
 Our product candidates will require additional clinical development, evaluation of clinical, preclinical and manufacturing activities, regulatory approval in one or more jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing efforts before we can generate any revenues from product sales. We are not permitted to market or promote any product candidates before we receive regulatory approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and we may never receive such regulatory approvals. Although the scope of regulatory approval is similar in other countries, in some countries there are additional regulatory requirements and potential regulatory risks and we cannot predict success in these jurisdictions. 
 There is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be completed on time or at all. Prior to receiving approval, if any, to commercialize a product candidate in the United States or internationally, we must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, that such product candidate is safe and effective for its intended use. The results from preclinical studies and clinical trials can be interpreted in different ways, and the favorable results from previous trials of a product candidate may not be replicated in subsequent clinical trials. Even if we believe the preclinical or clinical data are promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. We maintain frequent, ongoing dialogue with the FDA and other regulatory bodies regarding our clinical trial designs, including the patient selection criteria, dosing plan and statistical analysis plans. There is a risk that the FDA or other regulatory agencies could at any time raise objections to the design or conduct of our clinical trials. Any such objections could delay the initiation or completion of our registration-directed clinical trial. 
 Although we believe there may be potential to pursue a path to accelerated approval for ziftomenib for the treatment of patients with particular subtypes of relapsed or refractory AML, we cannot guarantee that ziftomenib will demonstrate sufficient safety and tolerability and clinical activity in that subtype to support an application for accelerated approval. Even if ziftomenib demonstrates sufficient activity in one patient subtype, such as patients with NPM1-mutant AML, to support an application in that subset, there can be no assurance it will demonstrate sufficient activity to support an application for accelerated approval in other patient subsets. Even if the trial results from ziftomenib demonstrate a compelling clinical benefit, the FDA has substantial discretion in the approval process and may not grant approval based on data generated by us.. 
 If the results of our trials are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities for support of a marketing application, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of ziftomenib, tipifarnib, KO-2806 or our other product candidates. 
 We have not previously submitted an NDA to the FDA, or similar product approval filings to comparable foreign authorities, or received marketing approval for any product candidate, and we cannot be certain that any of our product candidates will be successful in clinical trials or receive regulatory approval for any indication. We cannot anticipate whether or when we will seek regulatory review of a product candidate for any other indications. If we do not receive regulatory approvals for and successfully commercialize any of our product candidates on a timely basis or at all, we may not be able to continue our operations. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market one of our product candidates, our revenues will be dependent, in part, on our third-party collaborator s ability to commercialize the companion diagnostic as well as the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval and have commercial rights. If the market opportunities for the treatment of NPM1-mutant AML, KMT2A-rearranged AML, PIK3CA-dependent HNSCC and other diseases are not as significant as we estimate, our business and prospects may be harmed. 
 29 

Our discovery, preclinical and clinical development is focused on the development of targeted therapeutics for patients with genetically defined cancers, which is a rapidly evolving area of science, and the approach we are taking to discover and develop drugs may never lead to marketable products. 
 The discovery and development of targeted therapeutics for patients with genetically defined cancers, and the scientific discoveries that form the basis for our efforts to discover and develop product candidates, are a relatively new and rapidly evolving area of science. The scientific evidence to support the feasibility of developing product candidates based on these discoveries is both preliminary and limited. The patient populations for our product candidates are not completely defined but are substantially smaller than the general treated cancer population, and patients will need to be screened and identified in order to be eligible for our therapies. Successful identification of patients is dependent on several factors, including screening a sufficient number of patients to identify whether they harbor a particular genetic alteration or expression level, achieving certainty as to how specific genetic alterations or expression levels respond to our product candidates and developing companion diagnostics to identify such genetic alterations or expression levels. Furthermore, even if we are successful in identifying patients, we cannot be certain that the resulting patient populations will be large enough to allow us to successfully commercialize any products for which we are able to obtain marketing approval and achieve profitability. Therefore, we do not know if our approach of treating patients with genetically defined cancers will be successful. If our approach is unsuccessful, our business will suffer. 
 In order to execute on our strategy of advancing the clinical development of our product candidates, we have designed our clinical trials, and expect to design future clinical trials of our product candidates, to include patients who harbor a particular attribute such as a particular genetic alteration, tumor histology or expression level that we believe contribute to or are associated with particular cancer subsets. Our goal in doing this is to enroll patients who have the highest probability of responding to our product candidate and in our Phase 1b and/or proof-of-concept Phase 2 clinical trials, to show early and statistically significant evidence of clinical efficacy. Potential molecular biomarkers we have identified in retrospective analyses of data from clinical trials of ziftomenib or tipifarnib in certain cancer indications may not be prospectively validated as biomarkers of ziftomenib or tipifarnib activity in future clinical trials that we may conduct in these indications. If we are unable to identify molecular or genetic alterations, or biomarkers, that are predictive of response to our product candidates, or we are unable to include patients who harbor the applicable genetic alterations or expression levels in our clinical trials, or if our product candidates fail to work as we expect, our ability to assess the therapeutic effect, seek participation in FDA expedited review and approval programs, including Breakthrough Therapy Designation, Fast Track Designation, Priority Review and Accelerated Approval, or otherwise to seek to accelerate clinical development and regulatory timelines, could be compromised, resulting in longer development times, larger clinical trials and a reduced likelihood of obtaining regulatory approval. 
 We may find it difficult to enroll patients in our clinical trials. Difficulty in enrolling patients could delay or prevent clinical trials of our product candidates. 
 Identifying and qualifying patients to participate in clinical studies of our product candidates is critical to our success. The timing of our clinical studies depends in part on the speed at which we can recruit patients to participate in testing our product candidates, and we may experience delays in our clinical trials if we encounter difficulties in enrollment. 
 In addition to the potentially small populations for our clinical trials, the eligibility criteria of our clinical trials will further limit the pool of available trial participants as we will require that patients have specific characteristics that we can measure or to assure their disease is either severe enough or not too advanced to include them in a trial. Additionally, the process of finding and diagnosing patients may prove costly. For example, many physicians who treat HNSCC patients do not routinely screen their patients for genetic mutations, such as oncogenic mutations present in the HRAS gene. To seek to address these limitations, we have contracted with third-party laboratories to facilitate the genetic screening of patients for our clinical sites. However, there is no guarantee that these efforts will be effective. 
 30 

We also may not be able to identify, recruit and enroll a sufficient number of patients to complete our clinical studies because of the perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate under trial including the number and frequency of trial required procedures and tests, the availability and efficacy of competing therapies and clinical trials, the proximity and availability of clinical trial sites for prospective patients, and the patient referral practices of physicians. For example, with the approvals of immune therapy agents nivolumab and pembrolizumab, many HNSCC patients are now being treated with one of these agents in the first line in combination with chemotherapy and after failure of first-line treatments such as chemotherapy and/or cetuximab. If patients receiving immune therapy, or the physicians treating them, are unwilling or unable to participate in our studies for any reason, or if such patients experience positive results from such agents resulting in longer times to disease progression than originally anticipated, the timeline for recruiting patients, conducting studies, and obtaining regulatory approval of potential products may be delayed or we may not be able to successfully complete our studies. Further, if patients do not comply with clinical trial process and procedure and, for example, drop out, miss scheduled doses or follow-up visits, or fail to follow trial protocols, then the integrity of data from our trials may be compromised or not accepted by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 
 Additionally, in estimating the frequency of biomarkers, we rely on data published in the scientific literature as well as our experience and that of our collaborators. The technologies used to identify mutations in published datasets may be different from the technologies we are using currently, which may make it more difficult to compare results across clinical trials or we may experience lower rates of mutation or other alteration frequencies in our clinical trials than provided in the current scientific literature. Moreover, sample quality in academic studies of molecular biomarkers may not reflect standard clinical practice that is focused on pathological diagnosis. 
 Even if patients carrying specific mutations or other genetic characteristics are identified, the potential clinical benefit of a product candidate may be delayed or reduced due to increased durations in time to disease progression in patients treated with first-line therapies and the number of patients who could benefit from such product candidate may be reduced. Potential trial subjects may also be located at too great a distance to participate at our clinical trial sites. Any delay or failure by us or third-party collaborators to screen patients or identify patients for enrollment in our ongoing clinical trials could delay or prevent us from completing our clinical trials which could prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or commercializing our product candidates on a timely or profitable basis, or at all. 
 If we experience delays in the completion of, or termination of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects of our product candidates may be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue from any of these product candidates could be delayed or prevented. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product candidate development and approval process, and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition, and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates, including: 
 unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects; 

failure of our companion diagnostics to identify patients; 

modifications to protocols of our clinical trials resulting from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or institutional review board, or IRB, decisions; and 

ambiguous or negative interim results of our clinical trials or results that are inconsistent with earlier results. 

Clinical drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of subsequent clinical trials, and preliminary or interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 
 The risk of failure for our product candidates is high. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of any product candidate, we must conduct extensive preclinical and clinical testing to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. This testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. Further, the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of subsequent clinical trials, and preliminary or interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. 
 31 

Results from clinical trials conducted at a single clinical site or a small number of clinical sites may not be predictive of results from additional clinical sites or from subsequent clinical trials. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. For instance, the FDA previously issued a non-approval letter to Janssen for tipifarnib as a treatment for elderly, untreated AML patients in June 2005. It is impossible to predict with certainty if or when any of our product candidates will prove effective or safe in humans or will receive regulatory approval. 
 We may experience delays in our clinical trials, and we do not know whether ongoing or planned clinical trials will begin or enroll patients on time, need to be redesigned or be completed on schedule, if at all. If the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities or IRBs have comments on our study plans for our clinical trials that we are required to address, such studies may be delayed, or may not start at all. Clinical trials may be delayed, suspended or prematurely terminated at any time by us or by the FDA or other similar regulatory agency if it is determined at any time that patients may be or are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, including risk of death, or if compounds are not manufactured in compliance with cGMP regulations or with acceptable quality. There can be no assurance that the FDA or other similar regulatory agency will not put any of our product candidates on clinical hold in the future. For example, on November 24, 2021, we reported that the FDA had placed the KOMET-001 trial on a partial clinical hold. The partial clinical hold was initiated following our report to the FDA of a Grade 5 serious adverse event potentially associated with DS, a known adverse event related to differentiating agents in the treatment of AML. Patients who were enrolled in the Phase 1b expansion cohorts at the time of the partial clinical hold were permitted to continue to receive ziftomenib, although no additional patients were to be enrolled until the partial clinical hold was lifted. On January 20, 2022, we announced that the FDA had lifted the partial clinical hold on the KOMET-001 trial following agreement on our mitigation strategy for DS, and that the study would resume screening and enrollment of new patients. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical trials that could delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our product candidates. Clinical trials may be delayed, suspended or prematurely terminated because costs are greater than we anticipate or for a variety of reasons, such as: 
 failure to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation or continuation of clinical trials; 

delay or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a clinical trial design that we are able to execute; 

delay or failure in obtaining authorization to commence a clinical trial or inability to comply with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of a clinical trial; 

delays in reaching, or failure to reach, agreement on acceptable clinical trial contracts or clinical trial protocols with prospective clinical trial sites; 

inability, delay or failure in identifying and maintaining a sufficient number of clinical trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical programs; 

delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in a clinical trial; 

delay or failure in having subjects complete a clinical trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

delay or failure in determining an acceptable dose and schedule for a product candidate in a clinical trial; 

clinical sites and investigators deviating from clinical trial protocol, failing to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or dropping out of a clinical trial; 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, including the incurrence of unforeseen costs due to enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional clinical studies and increased expenses associated with the services of our CROs and other third parties; 

clinical trials of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to redesign or modify our clinical trial protocols, conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs; 

the number of patients required for clinical trials of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than we anticipate or participants may drop out of these clinical trials at a higher rate than we anticipate; 

we may experience delays or difficulties in the enrollment of patients whose tumors harbor the specific genetic alterations that our product candidates are designed to target; 

32 

our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, or at all; 

we may have difficulty partnering with experienced CROs that can screen for patients whose tumors harbor the applicable genetic alterations and run our clinical trials effectively; 

regulators or IRBs may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of our product candidates may be insufficient or inadequate; or 

there may be changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions. 

In addition, our clinical trials have been and may continue to be affected by COVID-19. Clinical site initiation and patient enrollment may be delayed due to prioritization of hospital resources toward COVID-19. Current or potential patients in our ongoing or planned clinical trials may also choose to not enroll, not participate in follow-up clinical visits or drop out of the trial as a precaution against contracting COVID-19 . Further, some patients may not be able to comply with clinical trial protocols if quarantines impede patient movement or interrupt healthcare services. Similarly, our ability to recruit and retain principal investigators and site staff who, as healthcare providers, may have heightened exposure to COVID-19, may be adversely impacted. These events could delay our clinical trials, increase the cost of completing our clinical trials and negatively impact the integrity, reliability or robustness of the data from our clinical trials . 
 If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete clinical trials of our product candidates or other testing, if the results of these clinical trials or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive or if there are safety concerns, we may: 
 be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; 

not obtain marketing approval at all; 

obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; 

obtain approval with labeling that includes significant use or distribution restrictions or safety warnings that could reduce the potential market for our products or inhibit our ability to successfully commercialize our products; 

be subject to additional post-approval restrictions and/or testing requirements; or 

have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval. 

Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether any of our preclinical studies or clinical trials will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant preclinical or clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. 
 Preclinical and clinical testing of tipifarnib that has been conducted to date may not have been performed in compliance with applicable regulatory standards, which could lead to increased costs or material delays for their further development. 
 We licensed the rights to develop tipifarnib from Janssen in December 2014, and the development of tipifarnib prior to our license was conducted wholly by Janssen or any third parties with which it had contracted. As a result, we were not involved with nor did we have any control over any of those development activities. Because we had no input on Janssen s development activities relating to tipifarnib, we may discover that certain elements of the clinical development or manufacturing activities that Janssen performed were not performed in compliance with applicable regulatory standards or have otherwise been deficient, particularly relative to current requirements as development of tipifarnib began in the 1990s. Any such deficiency in the prior development of tipifarnib may adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approval for tipifarnib. 
 33 

We anticipate that our current product candidates and any future product candidates may be used in combination with third-party drugs or biologics, some of which are still in development, and we have limited or no control over the supply, regulatory status, or regulatory approval of such drugs or biologics. 
 We are currently developing our product candidates, and may develop future product candidates, for use in combination with one or more other cancer therapies, such as VENCLEXTA (venetoclax) in the case of ziftomenib and PIQRAY (alpelisib) in the case of tipifarnib, or other drugs, both approved and unapproved. Our ability to develop and ultimately commercialize our current product candidates and any future product candidates used in combination with another drug or biologic will depend on our ability to access such drugs or biologics on commercially reasonable terms for the clinical trials and their availability for use with the commercialized product, if approved. We cannot be certain that current or potential future commercial relationships will provide us with a steady supply of such drugs or biologics on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 Any failure to maintain or enter into new successful commercial relationships, or the expense of purchasing venetoclax, alpelisib or other drugs, may delay our development timelines, increase our costs and jeopardize our ability to develop our current product candidates and any future product candidates as commercially viable therapies. If any of these occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 Moreover, the development of product candidates for use in combination with another product or product candidate may present challenges that are not faced for single agent product candidates. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to use more complex clinical trial designs in order to evaluate the contribution of each product and product candidate to any observed effects. It is possible that the results of such trials could show that any positive previous trial results are attributable to the combination therapy and not our current product candidates and any future product candidates. Moreover, following product approval, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require that products used in conjunction with each other be cross labeled for combined use. To the extent that we do not have rights to the other product, this may require us to work with a third party to satisfy such a requirement. Moreover, developments related to the other product may impact our clinical trials for the combination as well as our commercial prospects should we receive marketing approval. Such developments may include changes to the other product s safety or efficacy profile, changes to the availability of the approved product, quality, manufacturing and supply issues, and changes to the standard of care. 
 In the event that any future collaborator or supplier cannot continue to supply their products on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to identify alternatives for accessing such products. Additionally, should the supply of products from any future collaborator or supplier be interrupted, delayed or otherwise be unavailable to us, our clinical trials may be delayed. In the event we are unable to source an alternative supply or are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price and prospects may be materially harmed. 
 Our product candidates may cause serious adverse events or have unacceptable side effects that could delay, limit or prevent their development. 
 If our product candidates are associated with unacceptable side effects in preclinical or clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, we may need to interrupt, delay or abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. 
 Any observed, drug-related side effects could affect the ability of patients to tolerate potentially therapeutically effective doses of the drug, which in turn could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the clinical trial or result in potential product liability claims. Additionally, if results of our ongoing or planned clinical trials reveal an unacceptable frequency and severity of serious adverse events or side effects, our trials could be suspended or terminated and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory agencies could require us to cease further development of, or deny approval of, our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. Many compounds developed in the biopharmaceutical industry that initially showed promise in early-stage testing for treating cancer have later been found to cause side effects that prevented further development of those compounds. Any of these occurrences may significantly harm our business, financial condition and prospects. 
 Continuous daily dosing of ziftomenib was well tolerated in the Phase 1b portion of our KOMET-001 trial, with no evidence of drug-induced QTc prolongation. The most common treatment-emergent adverse event observed was DS, a known adverse event that is manageable with a mitigation strategy. 
 34 

Tipifarnib has been studied in more than 5,000 oncology patients and was generally well tolerated and exhibited a manageable side effect profile. The most common hematologic adverse events of any grade were neutropenia, or low white blood cell count, anemia and thrombocytopenia, or low platelet count. The most common non-hematologic adverse events of any grade were gastrointestinal system disorders such as nausea, anorexia, diarrhea and vomiting, fatigue and rash. Treatment discontinuation across the prior tipifarnib clinical studies has been in the range of approximately 20-25 . The side effects observed so far in our ongoing clinical trials of tipifarnib have been generally consistent with the prior observations; however, there is no guarantee that additional or more severe side effects will not be identified through further clinical studies. 
 Additionally, we may evaluate our product candidates in combination with third-party drugs or biologics, and safety concerns arising during a combination trial could negatively affect the individual development program of each candidate, as the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to discontinue single-candidate trials until the contribution of each product candidate to any safety issues is better understood. 
 We may expend our limited resources to pursue a specific product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. 
 Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we must focus on a limited number of research programs and product candidates and on specific indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future discovery and preclinical development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. 
 Failure by us or our third-party collaborators to develop, validate and obtain regulatory approval for a diagnostic testing platform could harm our drug development strategy and operational results. 
 One of the central elements of our business strategy is to screen and identify subsets of patients with molecular or genetic alterations who may derive meaningful clinical benefit from our product candidates. Successful identification of these patient subsets depends on the development of sensitive, accurate and cost-effective molecular and other diagnostic tests and the widespread adoption and use of these tests at clinical sites to screen a sufficient number of patients to identify whether they are appropriate candidates for treatment with one of our product candidates. 
 As we do not have in-house diagnostic testing capabilities, we rely extensively on third-party collaborators for the development, validation and regulatory approval of these diagnostic tests. We and our third-party collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing, validating and obtaining regulatory approval for these diagnostic tests. We may also experience difficulties in having these diagnostic tests adopted and used by oncologists, both during the clinical development phase and if and when approved as a companion diagnostic for commercial sale. 
 Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities as medical devices and require separate clearance or approval prior to their commercialization. To date, the FDA has frequently required a premarket approval application of companion diagnostics for cancer therapies. We presently anticipate that approved companion diagnostics will be required in order to obtain approval for ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML and KMT2A-rearranged AML and for tipifarnib in PIK3CA-dependent HNSCC. We and our third-party collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing, validating and obtaining approval for these companion diagnostics. Any delay or failure by us or third-party collaborators to develop, validate or obtain regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic could delay or prevent approval of our product candidates. We may also experience delays in developing a sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process or transferring that process to commercial partners or negotiating insurance reimbursement plans, all of which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our products on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. 
 Even if we or our companion diagnostic collaborators successfully obtain regulatory approval for the companion diagnostics for our product candidates, our collaborators: 
 may not perform their obligations as expected; 

may not pursue commercialization of companion diagnostics for our therapeutic product candidates that achieve regulatory approval; 

35 

may elect not to continue or renew commercialization programs based on changes in the collaborators strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; 

may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; and 

may terminate their relationship with us. 

Additionally, we or our collaborators may encounter production difficulties that could constrain the supply of the companion diagnostics, affect the ease of use, affect the price or have difficulties gaining acceptance of the use of the companion diagnostics in the clinical community. 
 If companion diagnostics for use with our product candidates fail to gain market acceptance, our ability to derive revenues from sales of our product candidates could be harmed. If insurance reimbursement to the laboratories who perform the companion diagnostic tests is inadequate, utilization may be low, and patient tumors may not be comprehensively screened for the presence of the genetic markers that predict response to our product candidates. If we or our collaborators fail to commercialize these companion diagnostics, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with another diagnostic company to obtain supplies of an alternative diagnostic test for use in connection with our product candidates or do so on commercially reasonable terms, which could adversely affect and delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Need for Additional Capital 
 We expect to incur losses over the next several years and may never achieve or maintain profitability. 
 To date, we have financed our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and increasing operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially if and as we: 
 continue research and development of our product candidates; 

initiate new clinical trials for our product candidates; 

seek marketing approvals for our product candidates; 

enter into collaboration arrangements for combination drugs or biologics for our product candidates; 

enter into collaboration arrangements for companion diagnostics for our product candidates; 

establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain marketing approval; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional personnel; 

add operational, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned future commercialization efforts; 

incur increased costs as a result of continued operations as a public company; and 

manage the risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic or any other similar health emergencies. 

To become and remain profitable, we must develop and eventually commercialize a product or products with significant market potential. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing clinical trials of our product candidates, successfully developing companion diagnostics, obtaining marketing approval from the FDA and other global regulatory authorities for these product candidates, and the manufacturing, marketing and selling of these products for which we may obtain marketing approval. We may never succeed in these activities and, even if we do, may never generate revenues that are significant or even sufficient to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable could decrease our value and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 
 36 

The COVID-19 pandemic as well as actual or perceived changes in interest rates and economic inflation have caused volatility in the global financial markets and threatened a slowdown in the global economy, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional capital on attractive terms or at all. 
 We are a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenue. Consequently, we expect that our financial and operating results will vary significantly from period to period. 
 We are a clinical-stage company that has incurred losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur substantial losses in the foreseeable future. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking and involves a substantial degree of uncertainty. We expect our actual financial condition and operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including COVID-19. Factors relating to our business that may contribute to these fluctuations include: 
 the success of our clinical trials through all phases of clinical development; 

delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials; 

our ability to secure and maintain collaborations, licensing or other strategic partnerships for the future development and/or commercialization of our product candidates, as well as meet the terms of those arrangements; 

our and our third-party collaborators ability to develop and validate companion diagnostics for our product candidates; 

our ability to obtain, as well as the timeliness of obtaining, additional funding to develop our product candidates; 

the results of clinical trials or marketing applications for other product candidates that may compete with our portfolio of product candidates; 

competition from existing products or new products that may receive marketing approval; 

potential side effects of our product candidates that could delay or prevent approval or cause an approved drug to be taken off the market; 

any delays in regulatory review and approval of our product candidates; 

our ability to identify and develop additional product candidates; 

the ability of patients or healthcare providers to obtain sufficient coverage and adequate reimbursement for our products; 

our ability, and the ability of third parties, such as CROs, to adhere to clinical trial and other regulatory requirements; 

the ability of third-party manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates and the ability to obtain key ingredients needed to produce materials for clinical trial material in order to conduct clinical trials and, if approved, successfully produce commercial products; 

the costs to us, and our ability as well as the ability of any third-party collaborators, to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights; 

costs related to and outcomes of any future intellectual property litigation; 

our ability to adequately support future growth; 

our ability to attract and retain key personnel to manage our business effectively; 

changes in governmental regulations, healthcare policy, pricing and reimbursement systems and our ability to set and maintain prices in the United States and other territories; and 

our ability to build our finance infrastructure and, to the extent required, improve our accounting systems and controls. 

37 

Accordingly, the likelihood of our success must be evaluated in light of many potential challenges and variables associated with a clinical-stage company, many of which are outside of our control, and past operating or financial results should not be relied on as an indication of future results. Fluctuations in our operating and financial results could cause our share price to decline. It is possible that in some future periods, our operating results will be above or below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could also cause our share price to decline. 
 Our limited operating history may make it difficult for you to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. 
 We are a clinical-stage company with a limited operating history. Our operations to date have been limited to organizing and staffing our company, business planning, raising capital, identifying and acquiring potential product candidates, undertaking preclinical, clinical and regulatory development of our product candidates and conducting pre-commercial and diagnostic related activities for our product candidates. We have not yet demonstrated our ability to successfully complete clinical trials or the development of companion diagnostics in support of FDA approval, obtain marketing approvals, manufacture a product at commercial scale, or arrange for a third party to do so on our behalf, or conduct sales and marketing activities necessary for successful product commercialization. Medicines, on average, take 10 to 15 years to be developed from the time they are discovered to the time they receive marketing approval. Consequently, any predictions you make about our future success or viability based on our short operating history to date may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history. 
 In addition, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown factors. We may in the future need to transition from a company with a research and development focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. 
 We will need to obtain substantial additional capital in connection with our continuing operations. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights to our technologies or product candidates. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate sufficient product revenues to fund our operations, we will need to raise additional capital in connection with our continuing operations. We expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect rights of our stockholders as a common stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, including our other technologies, future revenue streams or research programs, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to slow its spread as well as actual or perceived changes in interest rates and economic inflation, the global financial markets have experienced volatility and uncertainty. There can be no assurance that further volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets and declining confidence in economic conditions will not occur. If financial markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to obtain, more costly and/or more dilutive. 
 In February 2022, we entered into a new Common Stock Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., or the ATM Facility, under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million. We have not sold any shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. 
 38 

In November 2022, we entered into a loan and security agreement, or the Loan Agreement, with several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto, or collectively the Lenders, and Hercules Capital, Inc., or Hercules, in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent for itself and the Lenders, providing for up to 125.0 million in a series of term loans, or Term Loans. We borrowed 10.0 million upon entering into the Loan Agreement, and may borrow up to an additional 115.0 million under certain circumstances. We may borrow 15.0 million at our sole discretion at any time until September 15, 2023. We may borrow (i) additional tranches of term loans in the amounts of up to 35.0 million and 40.0 million, respectively, which will become available to us upon our satisfaction of certain terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, and (ii) a final tranche of term loans in the amount of up to 25.0 million, subject to the Lenders investment committee approval in its sole discretion. Other than our term loan facility, we do not have any committed external source of funds. While any amounts are outstanding under our term loan facility, we are subject to affirmative and restrictive covenants, including covenants regarding delivery of financial statements, maintenance of inventory, payment of taxes, maintenance of insurance, dispositions of property, business combinations or acquisitions, incurrence of additional indebtedness, transactions with affiliates and a minimum cash covenant, among other customary covenants. If we default under our term loan facility, the Lenders may accelerate our repayment obligations and take control of our pledged assets, potentially requiring us to renegotiate our agreement on terms less favorable to us or to immediately cease operations. Further, if we are liquidated, the Lenders right to repayment would be senior to the rights of the holders of our common stock to receive any proceeds from the liquidation. The Lenders could accelerate our obligations under the Loan Agreement upon the occurrence of an event of default, which includes, among other things, our failure to satisfy our payment obligations under the Loan Agreement, the breach of certain of our other covenants under the Loan Agreement or the occurrence of a material adverse change, thereby requiring us to repay the loan immediately or to attempt to reverse the declaration of default through negotiation or litigation. Any declaration by the Lenders of an event of default could significantly harm our business and prospects and could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 
 We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Subject to limited exceptions, our term loan facility also prohibits us from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Lenders. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We rely on third-party contractors and organizations to conduct, and/or to supply materials to conduct, our clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the supply of materials and/or the completion of such clinical trials. 
 We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party contractors, CROs, clinical data management organizations, independent contractors, medical institutions and clinical investigators to support our preclinical development activities and conduct our clinical trials. These agreements may terminate for a variety of reasons, including a failure to perform by the third parties. If we are required to enter into alternative arrangements, our product development activities could be delayed. 
 We compete with many other companies, some of which may be our business competitors, for the resources of these third parties. Large pharmaceutical companies often have significantly more extensive agreements and relationships with such third-party providers, and such third-party providers may prioritize the requirements of such large pharmaceutical companies over ours. The third parties on whom we rely may have the right to terminate their engagements with us at any time, which may cause delay in the development and commercialization of our product candidates. If any such third-party terminates its engagement with us or fails to perform as agreed, we may be required to enter into alternative arrangements, which could result in significant cost and delay to our product development program. Moreover, our agreements with such third parties generally do not provide assurances regarding employee turnover and availability, which may cause interruptions in the research on our product candidates by such third parties. 
 Our reliance on third parties to conduct our clinical trials reduces our control over these activities but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the clinical trial. Moreover, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require us to comply with good clinical practice guidelines for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of clinical trial participants are protected. We are also required to register ongoing clinical trials and post the results of completed clinical trials on government-sponsored databases, such as ClinicalTrials.gov, within specified timeframes. Failure to do so can result in fines, adverse publicity and civil and criminal sanctions. 
 39 

Additionally, we rely substantially on third-party data managers for our clinical trial data. There is no assurance that these third parties will not make errors in the design, management or retention of our data or data systems. There is no assurance that these third parties will pass FDA or other regulatory audits, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval. 
 For our KURRENT-HN trial, in addition to relying upon third-party service providers, we depend upon Novartis to supply alpelisib in accordance with the terms of our collaboration agreement. If Novartis does not perform in accordance with the agreement, or the agreement is terminated, the KURRENT-HN trial, and our development plans for tipifarnib in combination with alpelisib, could be materially adversely impacted. 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected timelines, conduct our clinical trials or supply clinical trial materials in accordance with regulatory requirements, our agreements or our stated protocols, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. 
 In addition, the ability of these third parties to conduct certain of their operations, including monitoring of clinical sites, as applicable, may be limited by the COVID-19 pandemic, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks, and to the extent that such third parties are unable to fulfil their contractual obligations as a result of such events or government orders in response to such events, we may have limited or no recourse under the terms of our contractual agreements with such third parties. Further, if any of the third parties with whom we engage were to experience shutdowns or other substantial disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently planned could be materially and negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and our results of operation and financial condition. 
 We depend on third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical and clinical testing and expect to continue to do so for commercialization. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products at an acceptable cost and quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 We do not own or operate facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates and we currently have no plans to build our own clinical or commercial scale manufacturing capabilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of clinical supplies of ziftomenib, tipifarnib and KO-2806 for preclinical and clinical testing. We expect to rely on third parties as well for commercial manufacture if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidates or products or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. We also expect to rely on other third parties to package and label the drug product as well as to store and distribute drug supplies for our clinical trials. 
 The manufacture of pharmaceutical products is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of drug formulation and manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of APIs and pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production and absence of contamination. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, operator error, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our products or in the manufacturing facilities in which our products are made, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. 
 40 

If we are unable to develop formulations of our product candidates with acceptable stability and sterility characteristics, or experience an unexpected delay or loss of supply of any of our product candidates for any reason, whether as a result of manufacturing, supply or storage issues, geopolitical events, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks, or otherwise, our business may be harmed and we may experience delays, disruptions, suspensions or terminations of, or we may be required to restart or repeat, any pending or ongoing clinical trials. Although we generally do not begin a clinical trial unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of a product candidate to complete the clinical trial, we may be required to manufacture additional supplies of our product candidates to the extent our estimates of the amounts required prove inaccurate, we suffer unexpected losses of product candidate supplies, or to the extent that we are required to have fresh product candidate supplies manufactured to satisfy regulatory requirements or specifications. Any significant delay or discontinuation in the supply of a product candidate, or the raw material components thereof, due to the need to replace a supplier, contract manufacturer or other third-party manufacturer, could considerably harm our business and delay completion of our clinical trials, product testing and potential regulatory approval of our product candidates. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers, suppliers or distributors could delay clinical development or marketing approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. If our current contract manufacturers cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers. Although we believe that there are several potential alternative manufacturers who could manufacture our product candidates, we may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. 
 We may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 

catastrophic events at the third-party organization; 

the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 

the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 

the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 

The facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the applicable regulatory authorities, including the FDA, pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after an NDA is submitted to the FDA. We are completely dependent on our contract manufacturing partners for compliance with the FDA s requirements for manufacture of both the active drug substances and finished drug product for ziftomenib, tipifarnib, KO-2806 and our other product candidates. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the FDA s regulatory requirements, they will not be able to secure or maintain FDA approval for the manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have limited control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or any other applicable regulatory authorities does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, or if our suppliers or contract manufacturers decide they no longer want to supply or manufacture our products, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, in which case we might not be able to identify manufacturers for clinical or commercial supply on acceptable terms, or at all, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside the United States. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. 
 Our product candidates and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 
 41 

We and our collaboration partners have been able to continue to supply our clinical products to our patients and currently do not anticipate any interruptions in supply. To the extent o ur third-party manufacturers and supply chain suppliers are negatively impacted by geopolitical events such as the military action initiated by Russia against Ukraine (and responses by the United States and certain other countries, including significant sanctions and trade actions against Russia), as well as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic globally and in specific regions, such as China, or other actual or threatened public health epidemics or outbreaks, we may not be able to provide continuous drug supply to our clinical sites and our clinical trials may be delayed or may not be completed which would have a material adverse effect on our business operations and performance. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory Approval of Our Product Candidates and Other Legal Compliance Matters 
 If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals in some or all planned regions, we will not be able to commercialize, or may be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
 Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA pursuant to an NDA in the United States and by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, and similar regulatory authorities outside the United States prior to commercialization. The process of obtaining marketing approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive and takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic could also potentially affect the business of the FDA, the EMA or other health authorities, which could result in delays in meetings related to planned clinical trials and ultimately of reviews and approvals of our product candidates. Failure to obtain marketing approval for a product candidate will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate. We have not received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction. We have no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain marketing approvals and expect to rely on third-party CROs to assist us in this process. Securing marketing approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate s safety and efficacy. Securing marketing approval also requires the submission of information about the product manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the regulatory authorities, among other requirements. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective, may not have an acceptable durability of response, may not have an acceptable risk-benefit profile or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. Regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. In addition, varying interpretations of the data obtained from preclinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent marketing approval of a product candidate. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted product application, may also cause delays in or prevent the approval of an application. 
 If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 We may not be able to benefit from available regulatory exclusivity periods for tipifarnib if another company obtains regulatory approval for tipifarnib before we do. 
 The composition of matter patents covering tipifarnib expired in the United States and in countries in Europe in 2016. Our commercial strategy for tipifarnib relies on obtaining method of use and method of treatment patents, including those directed to specific indications and biomarkers, other patents related to tipifarnib, method of treatment patents related to farnesyl transferase inhibitors including tipifarnib, and on non-patent regulatory exclusivity. In the United States, a pharmaceutical manufacturer may obtain five years of non-patent exclusivity upon FDA approval of an NDA for NCE, which is a drug that contains an active moiety that has not been approved by the FDA in any other NDA. An active moiety is defined as the molecule or ion responsible for the drug substance s physiological or pharmacologic action. During the five-year exclusivity period, the FDA cannot accept for filing any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug or any Section 505(b)(2) NDA for the same active moiety and that relies on the FDA s findings regarding that drug, except that the FDA may accept an application for filing after four years if the follow-on applicant makes a paragraph IV certification. 
 42 

We may not be able to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for the product candidates for which we seek it, which could limit the potential profitability of such product candidates. 
 Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Generally, if a product with an orphan designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it receives the designation, then the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity that precludes the applicable regulatory authority from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same indication during the exclusivity period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective, or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. 
 In July 2019, the FDA granted orphan drug designation to ziftomenib for the treatment of AML. If ziftomenib receives marketing approval for an indication broader than AML, ziftomenib may no longer be eligible for marketing exclusivity. Furthermore, orphan drug exclusivity may not effectively protect ziftomenib from the competition of different drugs for the same orphan condition, which could be approved during the exclusivity period. Additionally, after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA could subsequently approve another application for the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. The failure to obtain an orphan designation for any product candidates we may develop for the treatment of rare cancers, and/or the inability to maintain that designation for the duration of the applicable exclusivity period, could reduce our ability to make sufficient sales of the applicable product candidate to balance our expenses incurred to develop it, which would have a negative impact on our operational results and financial condition. 
 If we obtain an orphan designation and FDA approval of any of our product candidates for an oncology indication, we would be entitled to seven years of marketing exclusivity for that orphan indication. However, if a competitor obtained approval of a generic form of such product candidate for another indication, physicians would not be prevented from prescribing the generic drug for the orphan indication during the period of marketing exclusivity. Such prescribing practices could adversely affect the sales of our product candidates for the orphan indication. 
 A Breakthrough Therapy Designation by the FDA may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 We have received Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA on tipifarnib for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic HRAS mutant HNSCC with variant allele frequency 20 after disease progression on platinum-based chemotherapy. A Breakthrough Therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs that have been designated as Breakthrough Therapies are eligible for priority review by the FDA, rolling submission of portions of the NDA and FDA s organizational commitment involving senior management to provide guidance to the company to help determine the most efficient route to approval. Such interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor can help to identify the most efficient path for development. However, the reduced timelines may introduce significant chemistry, manufacturing and controls challenges for product development. 
 Designation as a Breakthrough Therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe that one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a Breakthrough Therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a Breakthrough Therapy Designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as Breakthrough Therapies, the FDA may later decide that such product candidates no longer meet the conditions for qualification and rescind such designations. 
 43 

Failure to obtain marketing approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. 
 In order to market and sell our products in the European Union and many other jurisdictions, we or our third-party collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing and different criteria for approval. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the United States generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. We or our third-party collaborators may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, failure to obtain marketing approval in some countries or jurisdictions may compromise our ability to obtain approval elsewhere. We may not be able to file for marketing approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. 
 Any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to extensive post-approval regulatory requirements and could be subject to post-approval restrictions or withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our products, when and if any of them are approved. 
 Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their testing, manufacture, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale and distribution, are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. These requirements include, without limitation, submissions of safety and other post-approval information and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, including periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities, restrictions or requirements regarding the distribution of samples to physicians, tracking and reporting of payments to physicians and other healthcare providers, and recordkeeping requirements. 
 The FDA may also impose requirements for costly post-approval studies or clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of drugs to ensure drugs are marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. The FDA imposes stringent restrictions on manufacturers communications regarding use of their products and if we promote our products beyond their approved indications, we may be subject to enforcement action for off-label promotion. Violations of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act relating to the promotion of prescription drugs may lead to investigations alleging violations of federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, as well as state consumer protection laws. 
 In addition, later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may yield various results, including: 
 restrictions on such products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes; 

restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product; 

restrictions on product distribution or use; 

requirements to conduct post-approval studies or clinical trials; 

warning or untitled letters; 

withdrawal of the products from the market; 

refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 

recall of products; 

fines, restitution or disgorgement of profits or revenues; 

suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 

refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 

44 

product seizure; or 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

Non-compliance with European Union requirements regarding safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population, can also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with the European Union s requirements regarding the protection of personal data can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 
 The FDA and other regulatory agencies may require more extensive or expensive trials for combination product candidates than may be required for single agent pharmaceuticals. 
 In the event that we seek regulatory approval for a combination product candidate, we may be required to show that each active pharmaceutical ingredient in the product candidate makes a contribution to the combined product candidate s claimed effects and that the dosage of each component, including amount, frequency and duration, is such that the combination is safe and effective for a significant patient population requiring such concurrent therapy. As a result, we may be required to conduct clinical trials comparing each component drug with the combination. This could require us to conduct more extensive and more expensive clinical trials than would be the case for many single agent pharmaceuticals. The need to conduct such trials could make it more difficult and costly to obtain regulatory approval of a combination drug than of a new drug containing only a single active pharmaceutical ingredient. 
 Our relationships with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payors and our general business operations may be subject to applicable fraud and abuse laws, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, transparency laws, privacy laws and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to significant penalties, including criminal sanctions, administrative and civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings, among other penalties. 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with healthcare providers, third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we research as well as market, sell and distribute any products for which we obtain marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, or in return for, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act, which can be enforced by private citizens, on behalf of the government, through whistleblower actions, and civil monetary penalties laws which prohibits, among other things, individuals and entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

HIPAA, which imposes criminal and civil liability for, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA, as amended by the HITECH Act, and their implementing regulations, which also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of protected health information on covered entities which include certain healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, and their business associates that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors; 

45 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires applicable manufacturers of certain drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to report annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), certain other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as certain manufacturers and group purchasing organizations to report annually ownership and investment interests held by physicians or their immediate family; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

Some state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, and/or drug pricing. Some state and local laws also require the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, exclusion from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. 
 We are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share, or collectively, process personal data, including data we collect about participants in our clinical trials, and other sensitive third-party data, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets and intellectual property. Our data processing activities subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts, and other obligations that govern the processing of data by us and on our behalf. 
 In the United States, federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws. For example, HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or CCPA, imposes obligations on covered businesses. These obligations include, but are not limited to, providing specific disclosures in privacy notices, affording California residents certain rights related to their personal data, and requiring businesses subject to the CCPA to implement certain measures to effectuate California residents personal data rights. The CCPA allows for statutory fines for noncompliance (up to 7,500 per violation). Although the CCPA exempts some data processed in the context of clinical trials, the CCPA may increase compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we maintain about California residents. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, went into effect on January 1, 2023, and expands the CCPA. Additionally, the CPRA establishes a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the CPRA, which could increase the risk of enforcement. Other states, such as Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states. In addition, data privacy and security laws have been proposed at the federal and local levels in recent years, which could further complicate compliance efforts. 
 46 

Outside the United States, an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards apply to data privacy and security. For example, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation, or EU GDPR, the United Kingdom s GDPR and Brazil s General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Prote o de Dados Pessoais) (Law No. 13,709/2018) impose strict requirements for processing personal data. For example, under the EU GDPR, government regulators may impose temporary or definitive bans on data processing, as well as fines of up to 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater. Further, the EU GDPR provides for private litigation related to the processing of personal data that can be brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent the data subjects interests. 
 Certain jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data transfer laws, which could make it more difficult to transfer information across jurisdictions (such as transferring or receiving personal data that originates in the EU or in other foreign jurisdictions). For example, absent appropriate safeguards or other circumstances, the EU GDPR generally restricts the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the European Economic Area, or EEA, such as the United States, which the European Commission does not consider to provide an adequate level of personal data protection. The European Commission released a set of Standard Contractual Clauses that are designed to be a valid mechanism by which entities can transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found to provide an adequate level of protection. Currently, these Standard Contractual Clauses are a valid mechanism to transfer personal data outside of the EEA. The Standard Contractual Clauses, however, require parties that rely upon that legal mechanism to comply with additional obligations, such as conducting transfer impact assessments to determine whether additional security measures are necessary to protect the at-issue personal data. 
 Laws in Switzerland and the United Kingdom similarly restrict personal data transfers outside of those jurisdictions to countries, such as the United States, that are deemed to not provide an adequate level of personal data protection. In addition to European restrictions on cross-border personal data transfers, other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, any of which could increase the cost and complexity of doing business. If we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border personal data transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines, and injunctions against processing or transferring personal data from Europe or elsewhere. Inability to import personal data to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business operations, including by limiting our ability to conduct clinical trial activities in Europe and elsewhere, limiting our ability to collaborate with parties subject to European and other data protection laws, or requiring us to increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. 
 In addition, privacy advocates and industry groups have proposed, and may propose, standards with which we are legally or contractually bound to comply. Any such standards could negatively impact our operations by requiring us to change our processes and procedures or otherwise modify how we handle data or produce our products. 
 Our obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing in an increasingly stringent fashion, creating some uncertainty as to the effective future legal framework. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires significant resources and may necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Although we endeavor to comply with all applicable data privacy and security obligations, we may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) to do so. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties upon whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations and compliance posture. For example, any failure by a third-party service provider to comply with applicable law, regulations, or contractual obligations could result in adverse effects, including inability to or interruption in our ability to operate our business and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences. These consequences may include, but are not limited to, government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-related claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; orders to destroy or not use personal data; and imprisonment of company officials. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: interruptions or stoppages in our business operations (including, as relevant, clinical trials); inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or revision or restructuring of our operations. 
 47 

Recently enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. 
 For example, in March 2010, President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or collectively the ACA, a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, improve quality, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. 
 Among the provisions of the ACA of importance to our potential product candidates and our business are the following: 
 an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs and biologic agents; 

an increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 

expansion of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the civil False Claims Act and the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, new government investigative powers, and enhanced penalties for noncompliance; 

a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must now agree to offer 70 point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for a manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 

extension of manufacturers Medicaid rebate liability; 

expansion of eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs; 

expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 

new requirements to report certain financial arrangements with physicians and teaching hospitals; 

a new requirement to annually report information regarding drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and 

a new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. 

There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. Certain changes to the ACA, such as the removal of the ACA s individual health insurance mandate by federal tax legislation, a delay in the implementation of certain ACA-mandated fees, and other changes to the ACA to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole, were recently enacted or implemented, and the effect of these changes is unknown. Furthermore, on June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling on January 28, 2021, President Biden issued an executive order that initiated a special enrollment period for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. In addition, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law. The IRA, among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in ACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and through a newly established manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the ACA will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of healthcare reform legislation or regulation or the impact of potential legislation or regulation on us. 
 48 

In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, starting in 2013, that due to subsequent legislative amendments, will stay in effect until 2031. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to certain providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which eliminates the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, beginning January 1, 2024. These laws and other potential legislation may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for our drugs, if approved, and accordingly, our financial operations. 
 Further, recently there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products. As a result, there have been several recent U.S. Presidential executive orders, Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, reduce the cost of drugs under Medicare, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. In July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In addition, the IRA, among other things, (1) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (2) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Further, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022 directing HHS to submit a report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. It is unclear whether this executive order or similar policy initiatives will be implemented in the future. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Future legislation could potentially change drug pricing dynamics. We cannot predict all of the ways in which future healthcare reform legislation or regulation could affect our business. 
 We expect that healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. 
 Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. Foreign legislative changes may also affect our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 Governments outside the United States tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 
 In some countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. If reimbursement for our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed, possibly materially. 
 49 

If we fail to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, we could become subject to fines or penalties or incur costs that could harm our business. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. Our operations involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We generally contract with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. We cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from our use of hazardous materials, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed our resources. We also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Although we maintain workers compensation insurance to cover us for costs and expenses we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of hazardous materials and a pollution liability policy, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Other than our pollution liability policy, we do not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against us in connection with our storage or disposal of biological, hazardous or radioactive materials. 
 In addition, we may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair our discovery, preclinical development or production efforts. Our failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to, or if we do not, obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our product candidates, or if the scope of the intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, our competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates may be impaired. 
 We intend to rely upon a combination of regulatory exclusivity periods, patents, trade secret protection, confidentiality agreements, and license agreements to protect the intellectual property related to our current product candidates and development programs. If the breadth or strength of protection provided by any patents, patent applications or future patents we may own, license, or pursue with respect to any of our current or future product candidates or products is threatened, it could threaten our ability to commercialize any of our current or future product candidates or products. For example, our patent rights may not protect our patent-protected products and product candidates if competitors devise ways of making products that compete with us without legally infringing our patent rights. Further, if we encounter delays in our development efforts, the period of time during which we could market any of our current or future product candidates or products under any patent protection we obtain would be reduced. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates or products, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates or products are commercialized. 
 Ziftomenib 
 We have issued patents in the United States covering the composition of matter of ziftomenib and certain structurally related compounds and methods of using the compounds for treating cancers. Although these patents are currently in force, there is no guarantee that a court would agree that any of the patents are valid or enforceable. 
 We are pursuing additional U.S. and foreign patents for ziftomenib; however, there is no guarantee that any such patents will be granted or that, if granted, would provide protection against third parties. 
 Patent term extension may be available in the United States to account for regulatory delays in obtaining marketing approval for a product candidate; however, only one patent may be extended per marketed compound. The applicable authorities, including the U.S. PTO and the FDA, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to patents, or may grant more limited extensions than requested. If this occurs, our competitors who obtain the requisite regulatory approval can offer products with the same API as ziftomenib so long as the competitors do not infringe any patents that we may hold. Competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 50 

We expect that following expiration of patents and any regulatory exclusivity we are able to obtain for ziftomenib, competitors may manufacture and sell generic versions of ziftomenib, at a lower price, which would reduce ziftomenib s revenues. In certain jurisdictions, legislation mandates generic substitution for brand name drugs. 
 Tipifarnib 
 Our patent rights in tipifarnib are limited in ways that affect our ability to exclude third parties from competing against us. In particular, the patent term for the composition of matter patents covering the API of tipifarnib expired in the United States and countries in Europe in 2016. Composition of matter patents on APIs are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection because such patents provide protection without regard to any particular method of use or manufacture or formulation of the API used. 
 Patents directed to the method of treatment of certain cancers using tipifarnib or a farnesyl transferase inhibitor have been issued to us in a number of jurisdictions, including the United States, Europe, China and Japan. Although these patents are currently in force, there is no guarantee that a court would agree that any of the patents are valid or enforceable. Further, if a competitor were to develop tipifarnib for use in an indication other than that claimed by the patents, we would not be able to prevent them from marketing tipifarnib for such indication in the United States or other jurisdictions based on our currently issued patents. We are pursuing additional U.S. and foreign method of treatment patents for tipifarnib and farnesyl transferase inhibitors, however there is no guarantee that any such patents will be granted or that, if granted, would provide protection against third parties. 
 Under our license agreement with Janssen for tipifarnib, we and Janssen agree to cooperate in obtaining available patent term extensions. We and Janssen may not reach agreement and no patent term extension may be obtained. Additionally, the applicable authorities, including the U.S. PTO and the FDA, and any equivalent regulatory authority in other countries, may not agree with our assessment of whether such extensions are available, and may refuse to grant extensions to patents, or may grant more limited extensions than requested. If this occurs, our competitors who obtain the requisite regulatory approval can offer products with the same API as tipifarnib so long as the competitors do not infringe any method of use patents that we may hold. Competitors may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data and launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case. 
 We expect that following expiration of patents and any regulatory exclusivity we are able to obtain, competitors may manufacture and sell generic versions of tipifarnib, at a lower price, which would reduce tipifarnib s revenues. In certain jurisdictions, legislation mandates generic substitution for brand name drugs. 
 We depend on our licensors to prosecute and maintain patents and patent applications that are material to our business. Any failure by our licensors to effectively protect these intellectual property rights could adversely impact our business and operations. 
 We have licensed patent rights from third parties for some of our development programs, including compounds in our menin-KMT2A program from the University of Michigan and tipifarnib from Janssen. As a licensee of third parties, we rely on these third parties to file and prosecute patent applications and maintain patents and otherwise protect the licensed intellectual property under some of our license agreements. We have not had and do not have primary control over these activities for certain of our patents or patent applications and other intellectual property rights. We cannot be certain that such activities by third parties have been or will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents or other intellectual property rights. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreements with some of our licensors, the licensors may have the right to control enforcement of our licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting the invalidity of these patents and even if we are permitted to pursue such enforcement or defense, we will require the cooperation of our licensors. We cannot be certain that our licensors will allocate sufficient resources or prioritize their or our enforcement of such patents or defense of such claims to protect our interests in the licensed patents. Even if we are not a party to these legal actions, an adverse outcome could harm our business because it might prevent us from continuing to license intellectual property that we may need to operate our business. 
 51 

With respect to the patent portfolio for tipifarnib, which is in-licensed from Janssen, Janssen maintains rights to prosecute and maintain patents and patent applications within the portfolio as well as to assert such patents against infringers within and outside the scope of our license, and to defend such patents against claims of invalidity and unenforceability. Although we have rights to consult with Janssen on actions taken as well as back-up rights of prosecution and enforcement, rights to tipifarnib granted to another licensee, could potentially influence Janssen s interests in the exercise of its prosecution, maintenance and enforcement rights in a manner that may favor the interests of such other licensee as compared with us. 
 If we breach any of the agreements under which we license from third parties the commercialization rights to our product candidates, we could lose license rights that are important to our business and our operations could be materially harmed. 
 We have in-licensed rights to ziftomenib and other compounds in our menin-KMT2A program from the University of Michigan. We have also in-licensed from Janssen use, development and commercialization rights in all indications other than virology, for tipifarnib. Additionally, we have an exclusive worldwide license from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center to a patent family pertaining to a method of use of tipifarnib. As a result, our current business plans are dependent upon our satisfaction of certain conditions to the maintenance of the University of Michigan license agreement and the Janssen license agreement and the rights we license under such agreements and our other in-license agreements. The University of Michigan license agreement and the Janssen license agreement each provides that we are subject to diligence obligations relating to the commercialization and development of the respective product candidates, milestone payments, royalty payments and other obligations. If we fail to comply with any of the conditions or obligations or otherwise breach the terms of our license agreement with University of Michigan, or Janssen, or any of our other license agreements or license agreements we may enter into on which our business or product candidates are dependent, University of Michigan, or Janssen, or other licensors may have the right to terminate the applicable agreement in whole or in part and thereby extinguish our rights to the licensed technology and intellectual property and/or any rights we have acquired to develop and commercialize certain product candidates. The loss of the rights licensed to us under our license agreement with University of Michigan, or Janssen, or our other license agreements or any future license agreement that we may enter granting us rights on which our business or product candidates are dependent, would eliminate our ability to further develop the applicable product candidates and would materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to, and any of our rights and obligations under, any license or other strategic agreement, including: 
 the scope of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe, misappropriate or violate the intellectual property of the licensor that is not subject to the license agreement; 

our diligence obligations under the license agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the sublicensing of patent and other rights to third parties under any such agreement or collaborative relationships; 

the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our licensors and us and our partners; and 

the priority of invention of patented technology. 

In addition, the agreements under which we license intellectual property or technology to or from third parties are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that we have licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current licensing arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates. 
 52 

The patent applications of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involve highly complex legal and factual questions, which, if determined adversely to us, could negatively impact our patent position. 
 The patent position of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions and has in recent years been the subject of much litigation. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Certain inventions that are patentable in the United States may not be patentable in other countries and vice versa. Further, our ability to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions may not be as effective as in the United States. For example, some foreign countries, such as India and China, may not allow or enforce patents for methods of treating the human body. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot know with certainty whether we or our licensors were the first to make the inventions claimed in our owned or licensed patents or pending patent applications, or that we or our licensors were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part, or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection, or eliminate our patent protection completely. 
 Patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. On September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the Leahy-Smith Act, was signed into law. The Leahy-Smith Act includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These include provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. The U.S. PTO developed new regulations and procedures to govern administration of the Leahy-Smith Act, and many of the substantive changes to patent law associated with the Leahy-Smith Act, and in particular, the first to file provisions, became effective on March 16, 2013. Accordingly, it is not clear what, if any, impact the Leahy-Smith Act will have on the operation of our business. However, the Leahy-Smith Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Moreover, we may be subject to a third-party preissuance submission of prior art to the U.S. PTO, or become involved in patent office post-grant proceedings, such as opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings challenging our patent rights or the patent rights of others. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or products and compete directly with us, without payment to us, or result in our inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license, develop or commercialize current or future product candidates. 
 Even if our owned and licensed patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us or otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Even if our owned and licensed patents might provide such protection or competitive advantage, we may not have the resources to effectively enforce our rights under such patents, which can be expensive and time-consuming. Further, our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner. 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 53 

Changes in U.S. patent law, or laws in other countries, could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates. 
 As is the case with other pharmaceutical companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining and enforcing patents in the pharmaceutical industry involve a high degree of technological and legal complexity. Therefore, obtaining and enforcing pharmaceutical patents is costly, time consuming and inherently uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in the United States and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property and may increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. In addition, Congress or other foreign legislative bodies may pass patent reform legislation that is unfavorable to us. 
 For instance, when the Unitary Patent Court system is implemented in Europe, European patent applications will have the option, upon grant of a patent, of becoming a Unitary Patent, which will be subject to the jurisdiction of the Unified Patent Court, or UPC. This will be a significant change in European patent practice. As the UPC is a new court system, there is no precedent for the court, increasing the uncertainty of any litigation. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidates for a commercially meaningful length of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the U.S. PTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We have systems in place to remind us to pay these fees, and we employ an outside firm and rely on our outside counsel to pay these fees due to non-U.S. patent agencies. The U.S. PTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Because competition in our industry is intense, competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our issued patents, patents of our licensors or other intellectual property. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. Any claims we assert against perceived infringers could provoke these parties to assert counterclaims against us alleging that we infringe their patents. In addition, in a patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, construe the patent s claims narrowly or refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. We may also elect to enter into license agreements in order to settle patent infringement claims or to resolve disputes prior to litigation, and any such license agreements may require us to pay royalties and other fees that could be significant. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure. 
 54 

Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our product candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. There is considerable intellectual property litigation in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. We may become party to, or threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our products and technology, including derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference proceedings before the U.S. PTO. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. 
 If we are found to infringe a third-party s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third party to continue developing and marketing our products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found liable for monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. 
 We may not be successful in obtaining or maintaining necessary third-party intellectual property rights for our development pipeline through acquisitions and in-licenses. 
 Presently we have rights to intellectual property under an exclusive worldwide license from the University of Michigan for all therapeutic indications for ziftomenib and other compounds in our menin-KMT2A program, an exclusive license from Janssen to develop tipifarnib in all fields other than virology, and an exclusive worldwide license from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center to a patent family pertaining to a method of use of tipifarnib. Because our programs may involve additional product candidates that may require the use of proprietary rights held by third parties, the growth of our business may depend in part on our ability to acquire, in-license or use these proprietary rights. Additionally, a companion diagnostic may require that we or a third-party collaborator developing the diagnostic acquire proprietary rights held by third parties, which may not be available. We may be unable to acquire or in-license any compositions, methods of use, or other third-party intellectual property rights from third parties that we identify. The licensing and acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and a number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, cash resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. 
 For example, we may collaborate with U.S. and foreign academic and other research institutions to accelerate our discovery and preclinical development work under written agreements with these institutions. Typically, these institutions provide us with an option to negotiate a license to any of the institution s rights in technology resulting from the collaboration. Regardless of such right of first negotiation for intellectual property, we may be unable to negotiate a license within the specified time frame or under terms that are acceptable to us. If we are unable to do so, the institution may offer the intellectual property rights to other parties, potentially blocking our ability to pursue our program. 
 In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment. If we are unable to successfully obtain rights to required third-party intellectual property rights, our business, financial condition and prospects for growth could suffer. 
 55 

If we are unable to maintain the confidentiality of our trade secrets or other confidential information, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and product candidates, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who have access to them, such as our employees, corporate collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We seek to protect our confidential proprietary information, in part, by entering into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with our employees and consultants; however, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties. Moreover, to the extent we enter into such agreements, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, to third parties, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position would be harmed. 
 Intellectual property discovered through government funded programs may be subject to federal regulations such as march-in rights, certain reporting requirements and a preference for U.S.-based companies. Compliance with such regulations may limit our exclusive rights and limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. manufacturers. 
 Although we do not currently own issued patents or pending patent applications that have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding, our license agreement with the University of Michigan includes intellectual property rights unrelated to ziftomenib that have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants, and we may acquire or license additional intellectual property rights from one or more entities that have been generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants. Pursuant to the Bayh-Dole Act of 1980, the U.S. government has certain rights in inventions developed with government funding. These U.S. government rights include a non-exclusive, non-transferable, irrevocable worldwide license to use inventions for any governmental purpose. In addition, the U.S. government has the right, under certain limited circumstances, to require us to grant exclusive, partially exclusive, or non-exclusive licenses to any of these inventions to a third party if it determines that: (1) adequate steps have not been taken to commercialize the invention; (2) government action is necessary to meet public health or safety needs; or (3) government action is necessary to meet requirements for public use under federal regulations (also referred to as march-in rights ). If the U.S. government exercised its march-in rights in our intellectual property rights generated through the use of U.S. government funding or grants, we could be forced to license or sublicense intellectual property developed by us or that we license on terms unfavorable to us, and there can be no assurance that we would receive compensation from the U.S. government for the exercise of such rights. The U.S. government also has the right to take title to these inventions if the grant recipient fails to disclose the invention to the government or fails to file an application to register the intellectual property within specified time limits. Intellectual property generated under a government funded program is also subject to certain reporting requirements, compliance with which may require us to expend substantial resources. In addition, the U.S. government requires that any products embodying any of these inventions or produced through the use of any of these inventions be manufactured substantially in the United States. This preference for U.S. industry may be waived by the federal agency that provided the funding if the owner or assignee of the intellectual property can show that reasonable but unsuccessful efforts have been made to grant licenses on similar terms to potential licensees that would be likely to manufacture substantially in the United States or that under the circumstances domestic manufacture is not commercially feasible. This preference for U.S. industry may limit our ability to contract with non-U.S. product manufacturers for products covered by such intellectual property. 
 56 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Geo-political actions in the United States and in foreign countries could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution or maintenance of our patent applications or those of any current or future licensors and the maintenance, enforcement or defense of our issued patents or those of any current or future licensors. For example, the United States and foreign government actions related to Russia s invasion of Ukraine may limit or prevent filing, prosecution, and maintenance of patent applications in Russia. Government actions may also prevent maintenance of issued patents in Russia. These actions could result in abandonment or lapse of our patents or patent applications, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in Russia. In addition, a decree was adopted by the Russian government in March 2022, allowing Russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patentees from the United States without consent or compensation. Consequently, we would not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in Russia or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into Russia. Accordingly, our competitive position may be impaired, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 
 Even if any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. 
 If any of our product candidates receives marketing approval, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current cancer treatments like immunotherapy, chemotherapy and radiation therapy are well established in the medical community, and doctors may continue to rely on these treatments to the exclusion of our product candidates. If our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 the efficacy and safety and potential advantages and disadvantages compared to alternative treatments; 

our ability to offer our products for sale at competitive prices; 

the convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

the strength of our marketing and distribution support; 

the availability of third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement, including patient cost-sharing programs such as copays and deductibles; 

our ability to develop or partner with third-party collaborators to develop companion diagnostics; 

the acceptance and utilization of diagnostics to identify appropriate patients; 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects; and 

any restrictions on the use of our products together with other medications. 

57 

We currently have no sales or market access personnel. If we are unable to establish effective sales or market access capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell or market our product candidates if they obtain regulatory approval, we may not be able to effectively sell or market our product candidates, if approved, or generate product revenues. 
 We currently do not have sales or market access teams for the marketing, sales and distribution of any of our product candidates that are able to obtain regulatory approval. In order to commercialize any product candidates, we must build on a territory-by-territory basis sales, marketing, distribution, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services, and we may not be successful in doing so. If our product candidates continue to progress toward regulatory approval, we intend to establish sales, marketing, analytics and market access teams with expertise to commercialize our product candidates, which will be expensive and time consuming and will require significant attention of our executive officers to manage. Capable managers with commercial experience may need to be identified and successfully recruited to our company. Any failure or delay in the development of our commercial capabilities would adversely impact the commercialization of any of our products that we obtain approval to market. With respect to the commercialization of all or certain of our product candidates, we may choose to collaborate, either globally or on a territory-by-territory basis, with third parties that have direct sales forces and established distribution systems, either to augment our own sales force and distribution systems or in lieu of our own sales force and distribution systems. If we are unable to enter into such arrangements when needed on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval or any such commercialization may experience delays or limitations. If we are not successful in commercializing our product candidates, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product revenue will suffer and we may incur significant additional losses. 
 We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing competing products before or more successfully than we do. 
 The development and commercialization of new drug products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our current product candidates, and we will face competition with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide. There are a number of large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that currently market and sell products or are pursuing the development of products for the treatment of the disease indications for which we are developing our product candidates. Some of these competitive products and therapies are based on scientific approaches that are the same as or similar to our approach, and others are based on entirely different approaches. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 Specifically, there are a large number of companies developing or marketing treatments for cancer, including many major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, which may directly compete with ziftomenib, tipifarnib, KO-2806 and any other future product candidates. In the case of ziftomenib, one of our clinical-stage competitors has published preliminary clinical data demonstrating that their inhibitor of the menin-KMT2A interaction was able to drive clinical benefit, including objective responses, in relapsed or refractory patients with NPM1-mutated and KMT2A-rearranged AML. That competitor has received Fast Track Designation from the FDA for relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant or KMT2A-rearranged acute leukemias, orphan drug designation from the FDA and European Commission for AML and Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA for relapsed or refractory KMT2A-rearranged acute leukemia. If any competitor is able to advance their clinical program more quickly than ours, our commercial opportunity for ziftomenib could be reduced. 
 Our commercial opportunity also could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any products that we may develop alone or in combination with other drugs or biologics. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market or slow our regulatory approval. In addition, our ability to compete may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic products. 
 58 

Many of the companies against which we are competing or against which we may compete in the future have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 
 The insurance coverage and reimbursement status of newly-approved products are uncertain. Failure to obtain or maintain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new or current products could limit our ability to market those products and decrease our ability to generate revenue. 
 The availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement by governmental and private payors is essential for most patients to be able to afford expensive treatments. Sales of our product candidates will depend substantially, both domestically and abroad, on the extent to which the costs of our product candidates will be paid by health maintenance, managed care, pharmacy benefit and similar healthcare management organizations, or reimbursed by government health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. If reimbursement is not available, or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our product candidates. Even if coverage is provided, the approved reimbursement amount may not be high enough to allow us to establish or maintain pricing sufficient to realize a sufficient return on our investment. Further, any companion diagnostic that we or our collaborators develop will be subject to separate coverage and reimbursement determinations by third-party payors. 
 There is significant uncertainty related to the insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by CMS, an agency within the HHS, as CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare. Private payors often, but not always, follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement. It is difficult to predict what CMS will decide with respect to coverage and reimbursement for fundamentally novel products such as ours, as there is no body of established practices and precedents for these new products. One payor s determination to provide coverage for a drug product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the drug product. Further, a payor s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. We or our collaborators may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA approvals. Nonetheless, our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. 
 Reimbursement agencies in countries other than the United States may be more conservative than CMS. For example, a number of cancer drugs have been approved for reimbursement in the United States and have not been approved for reimbursement in certain European countries. Outside the United States, international operations are generally subject to extensive governmental price controls and other market regulations, and we believe the increasing emphasis on cost-containment initiatives in Europe, Canada, and other countries has and will continue to put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In many countries, the prices of medical products are subject to varying price control mechanisms as part of national health systems. In general, the prices of medicines under such systems are substantially lower than in the United States. Other countries allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. Additional foreign price controls or other changes in pricing regulation could restrict the amount that we are able to charge for our product candidates. Accordingly, in markets outside the United States, the reimbursement for our products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenues and profits. 
 59 

Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors, in the United States and abroad, to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and level of reimbursement for new products approved and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. In addition, drug-pricing by pharmaceutical companies has come under increased scrutiny. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing by requiring drug companies to notify insurers and government regulators of price increases and provide an explanation of the reasons for the increase, reduce the out-of-pocket cost of prescription drugs, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations and additional legislative changes. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs and surgical procedures and other treatments, has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products into the healthcare market. 
 In addition to CMS and private payors, professional organizations such as the National Comprehensive Cancer Network and the American Society of Clinical Oncology can influence decisions about reimbursement for new medicines by determining standards for care. In addition, many private payors contract with commercial vendors who sell software that provide guidelines that attempt to limit utilization of, and therefore reimbursement for, certain products deemed to provide limited benefit to existing alternatives. Such organizations may set guidelines that limit reimbursement or utilization of our products. 
 Further, we or our collaborators will be required to obtain coverage and reimbursement for companion diagnostic tests separate and apart from the coverage and reimbursement we seek for our product candidates, once approved. There is significant uncertainty regarding our and our collaborators ability to obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for any companion diagnostic test for the same reasons applicable to our product candidates. If insurance coverage and reimbursement for companion diagnostic tests for our product candidates is inadequate, utilization may be low, and patient tumors may not be comprehensively screened for the presence of the genetic markers that predict response to our product candidates. 
 Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and to limit commercialization of any products that we may develop. 
 We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical trials and will face an even greater risk if we commercially sell any products that we may develop. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 
 decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; 

injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; 

withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

significant costs to defend the related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to clinical trial participants or patients; 

loss of revenue; 

reduced resources of our management to pursue our business strategy; and 

the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop. 

Our current product liability insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage as we expand our clinical trials or if we commence commercialization of our product candidates. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. We may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. 
 60 

Risks Related to Employee Matters, Managing Growth and Macroeconomic Conditions 
 Our ability to manage our business operations, to execute our strategic plan and to recruit talented employees may be adversely impacted by COVID-19. 
 Since early March 2020, we have taken precautionary measures, including increased screening and working remotely, intended to help minimize the risk of COVID-19 to our employees and their families. Further measures may be taken as the COVID-19 outbreak continues. These measures could negatively affect our business. For instance, remote work may disrupt our operations, limit our ability to interact with and effectively manage our third-party manufacturers, CROs or current and planned clinical trial sites. The measures taken now or in the future to contain the COVID-19 pandemic could negatively affect our ability to recruit and engage new employees and contractors necessary to the successful operation of our business. 
 We currently have a limited number of employees, and are highly dependent on our Chief Executive Officer. Our future success depends on our ability to retain key executives and to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. 
 We are a clinical-stage company with a limited operating history, and, as of December 31, 2022, we had 133 full-time employees. We are highly dependent on the expertise of Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D., our President and Chief Executive Officer, as well as the other principal members of our management, scientific and clinical teams. Although we have entered into employment letter agreements with our executive officers, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing, sales and market access personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize products. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our discovery and preclinical development and commercialization strategy. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with other entities that may limit their availability to us. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high quality personnel, our ability to pursue our growth strategy will be limited. 
 We expect to expand our development, regulatory, medical affairs and marketing capabilities and potentially implement sales and market access capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 We expect to experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of development, regulatory affairs, operations, medical affairs, sales, marketing and market access. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. 
 Third-party expectations relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 In recent years, there has been an increased focus from certain investors, employees and other stakeholders concerning corporate responsibility, specifically related to environmental, social and governance, or ESG, factors. Third-party providers of ESG ratings and reports on companies have increased in number, resulting in varied and, in some cases, inconsistent standards. Topics taken into account in such assessments include, among others, the company s efforts and impacts with respect to climate change and human rights, ethics and compliance with the law, and the role of the company s board of directors in supervising various sustainability issues. In addition to the topics typically considered in such reviews, in our industry, the public s ability to access our medicines is of particular importance. 
 61 

Some investors may use third-party ESG ratings and reports to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our ESG practices are inadequate. The criteria by which companies ESG practices are assessed are evolving, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. Alternatively, if we elect not to or are unable to satisfy new criteria or do not meet the criteria of a specific third-party provider, some investors may conclude that our policies with respect to ESG are inadequate and choose not to invest in us. 
 If our ESG practices do not meet evolving investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our desirability as an investment or business partner could be negatively impacted. Similarly, our failure or perceived failure to adequately pursue or fulfill any goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could expose us to additional regulatory, social or other scrutiny of us, the imposition of unexpected costs, or damage to our reputation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 
 Unfavorable global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. From time to time, including recently as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to slow its spread as well as actual or perceived changes in interest rates and economic inflation, global financial markets have experienced volatility and uncertainty. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could also strain our suppliers, possibly resulting in supply disruption. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 
 If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; loss of customers or sales; and other adverse consequences. 
 Our business requires collecting, manipulating, analyzing, storing and otherwise processing large amounts of data, including proprietary data, sensitive data, personal data and other confidential information. We, and third parties acting on our behalf, employ and are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure, applications, websites and other resources. In addition, we rely on an enterprise software system to operate and manage our business. Our business, including our ability to manufacture drug products and conduct clinical trials, therefore depends on the continuous, effective, reliable and secure operation of our information technology resources and those of third parties acting on our behalf, including computer hardware, software, networks, Internet servers and related infrastructure. 
 62 

Cyberattacks, malicious internet-based activity, and online and offline fraud are prevalent and continue to increase. These threats are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. These threats come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors. Any of these threats, particularly during times of international conflict, could materially disrupt our systems, operations and supply chain. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), personnel misconduct or error, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. Ransomware attacks, including by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. Similarly, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Remote work poses increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as employees who work from home utilize network connections outside our premises. Future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption. An intentional or accidental security incident or other interruption could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities (including our clinical trial activities) to try to protect against security incidents. Certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures, industry-standards or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive information. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We have not always been able in the past and may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Thus, despite our efforts to identify and remediate vulnerabilities, if any, in our information technology systems, our efforts may not be successful. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosures or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive information (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our products, deter new customers from using our products, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. Additionally, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. 
 63 

Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs, collaborators and third parties on whom we rely are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and the precautions to control the pandemic, we are increasingly dependent upon technology systems and data to operate our business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused us to modify our business practices, including permitting our office-based employees in the United States and in most of our other key markets to work from home. As a result, we are increasingly dependent upon our technology systems to operate our business and our ability to effectively manage our business depends on the security, reliability and adequacy of our technology systems and data, which includes use of cloud technologies. 
 While we have not experienced any system failures, accidents or security breaches to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or ongoing or planned clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and we may incur substantial costs to attempt to recover or reproduce the data. If any disruption or security breach resulted in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and/or the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 
 Our operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, power loss, terrorist activity and other events beyond our control, the occurrence of which could materially harm our business. 
 Businesses located in California have, in the past, been subject to electrical blackouts as a result of a shortage of available electrical power, and any future blackouts could disrupt our operations. We are vulnerable to a major earthquake, wildfire and other natural disasters, and we have not undertaken a systematic analysis of the potential consequences to our business as a result of any such natural disaster and do not have an applicable recovery plan in place. We do not carry any business interruption insurance that would compensate us for actual losses from interruption of our business that may occur, and any losses or damages incurred by us could cause our business to materially suffer. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 
 Our stock price may fluctuate significantly and you may have difficulty selling your shares based on current trading volumes of our stock. 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol KURA since November 5, 2015. The high and low price per share of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq during the period from November 5, 2015 through December 31, 2022, were 43.00 and 2.50, respectively. We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our company will sustain an active trading market on Nasdaq or any other exchange in the future. We have several stockholders, including affiliated stockholders, who hold substantial blocks of our stock. Sales of large numbers of shares by any of our large stockholders could adversely affect our trading price, particularly given our small historic trading volumes. If stockholders holding shares of our common stock sell, indicate an intention to sell, or if it is perceived that they will sell, substantial amounts of their common stock in the public market, the trading price of our common stock could decline. Moreover, if an active trading market is not sustained or if the volume of trading is limited, holders of our common stock may have difficulty selling their shares. 
 The price of our common stock may be volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 The market for our common stock could fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors, some of which may be beyond our control. In addition to the factors discussed in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report, these factors include: 
 the product candidates we seek to pursue, and our ability to obtain rights to develop, commercialize and market those product candidates; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and industry as well as the global economy; 

our decision to initiate a clinical trial, not to initiate a clinical trial or to terminate an existing clinical trial; 

actual or anticipated adverse results or delays in our clinical trials; 

our failure to commercialize our product candidates, if approved; 

64 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

unanticipated serious safety concerns related to the use of any of our product candidates; 

adverse regulatory decisions; 

additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to our product candidates, including without limitation clinical trial requirements for approvals; 

disputes or other developments relating to patents and other proprietary rights and our ability to obtain patent protection for our product candidates; 

our dependence on third parties, including CROs as well as our potential partners that produce companion diagnostic products; 

failure to meet or exceed any financial guidance or expectations regarding development milestones that we may provide to the public; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results, liquidity or other indicators of our financial condition; 

failure to meet or exceed the estimates and projections of the investment community; 

overall performance of the equity markets and other factors that may be unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors, including changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

market conditions or trends in the biotechnology and biopharmaceutical industries; 

introduction of new products offered by us or our competitors; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us or our competitors; 

our ability to maintain an adequate rate of growth and manage such growth; 

issuances of debt or equity securities; 

sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders in the future, or the perception that such sales could occur; 

trading volume of our common stock; 

ineffectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures; 

general political and economic conditions; 

effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the stocks of small-cap biotechnology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies, including recently as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken to slow its spread as well as actual or perceived changes in interest rates and economic inflation. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These events may also lead to securities litigation, which can be expensive and time-consuming to defend, regardless of the merit or outcome. The realization of any of the above risks or any of a broad range of other risks, including those described in these Risk Factors, could have a dramatic and material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. 
 65 

We have broad discretion in the use of our cash and may not use our cash effectively, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our management has broad discretion in the application of our cash resources. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of our cash resources, our management might not apply our cash in ways that ultimately increase the value of our common stock. The failure by our management to apply our cash effectively could harm our business. Pending their use, we may invest our cash in short-term, investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. These investments may not yield a favorable return to our stockholders. If we do not invest or apply our cash in ways that enhance stockholder value, we may fail to achieve expected financial results, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 
 The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 
 The resale of shares covered by our effective shelf registration statement could adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the public market, should one develop, which result would in turn negatively affect our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 The sale, or availability for sale, of our common stock in the public market may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and may impair our ability to raise additional capital by selling equity or equity-linked securities. We filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which has been declared effective, to register the resale of 13,947,599 shares of our common stock. The shelf registration statement permits the resale of these shares at any time, subject to restrictions under applicable law. The resale of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public market could adversely affect the market price for our common stock and make it more difficult for you to sell shares of our common stock at times and prices that you feel are appropriate. Furthermore, we expect that, because there are a large number of shares registered pursuant to the shelf registration statement, the selling stockholders named in such registration statement will continue to offer shares covered by the shelf registration statement for a significant period of time, the precise duration of which cannot be predicted. Accordingly, the adverse market and price pressures resulting from an offering pursuant to the shelf registration statement may continue for an extended period of time and continued negative pressure on the market price of our common stock could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise additional equity capital. 
 We will incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies, which could harm our operating results. 
 As a public company, we have incurred and will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We also have incurred and will incur costs associated with current corporate governance requirements, including requirements under Section 404 and other provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules implemented by the SEC or Nasdaq or any other stock exchange or inter-dealer quotations system on which our common stock may be listed in the future. The expenses incurred by public companies for reporting and corporate governance purposes have increased dramatically in recent years. 
 66 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business and investors views of us. 
 We are required to comply with certain aspects of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires public companies to, among other things, conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal controls over financial reporting. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that requires frequent evaluation. Our failure to maintain the effectiveness of our internal controls in accordance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business. We could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be harmed. 
 Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase or acquire common stock, including pursuant to our equity incentive plans, outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, warrants, or otherwise, could result in dilution to the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To raise capital, we may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. 
 If we sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors in a prior transaction may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Additionally, any such sales may result in material dilution to our existing stockholders, and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. Further, any future sales of our common stock by us or resales of our common stock by our existing stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. In February 2022, we entered into the ATM Facility under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million. We have not sold any shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. 
 Pursuant to our Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, or 2014 Plan, we are authorized to grant equity awards consisting of shares of our common stock to our employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1,182,227 shares of common stock available for grant under the 2014 Plan, options to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,425,018 shares of common stock outstanding and 768,796 unvested restricted stock units outstanding. The number of shares available for future grant under the 2014 Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year through January 1, 2025 by 4 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. On January 1, 2023, an automatic increase pursuant to the 2014 Plan occurred, resulting in 2,732,559 additional shares available for future grant under the 2014 Plan. 
 In addition, we may grant or provide for the grant of rights to purchase shares of our common stock pursuant to our 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, we had 727,433 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year through January 1, 2025 by the lesser of 1 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and 2,000,000 shares, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. In December 2022, the compensation committee of the board of directors elected not to automatically increase the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP in 2023. 
 In addition, warrants to purchase up to (i) 33,988 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 3.31 per share and (ii) 26,078 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 14.38 per share were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 Any future grants of options, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, warrants or other securities exercisable or convertible into our common stock, or the exercise or conversion of such shares, and any sales of such shares in the market, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 67 

Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control which could limit the market price of our common stock and may prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our board of directors that our stockholders might consider favorable. Some of these provisions include: 
 a prohibition on stockholder action through written consent, which requires that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 

a requirement that special meetings of stockholders be called only by the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer, or by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to our board of directors; 

division of our board of directors into three classes; 

a requirement that no member of our board of directors may be removed from office by our stockholders except for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the approval of not less than 66 2 3 of all outstanding shares of our voting stock then entitled to vote in the election of directors; 

a requirement of approval of not less than 66 2 3 of all outstanding shares of our voting stock to amend any bylaws by stockholder action or to amend specific provisions of our certificate of incorporation; 

the authority of the board of directors to issue preferred stock on terms determined by the board of directors without stockholder approval and which preferred stock may include rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock; and 

a requirement that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. 

In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporate Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors and could also delay or impede a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving our company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing or cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. Any delay or prevention of a change of control transaction or changes in our board of directors could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 
 Our charter documents provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or our stockholders; 

any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and 

any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

68 

These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find the exclusive-forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, as amended, and amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could seriously harm our business. 
 Changes in tax laws or regulations that are applied adversely to us or our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. 
 New income, sales, use or other tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be enacted at any time, which could affect the tax treatment of our domestic and foreign earnings. Any new taxes could adversely affect our domestic and international business operations, and our business and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us. For example, legislation enacted in 2017 informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and the IRA enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities with respect to such legislation may affect us, and certain aspects of such legislation could be repealed or modified in future legislation. In addition, it is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. Future tax reform legislation could have a material impact on the value of our deferred tax assets, could result in significant one-time charges, and could increase our future U.S. tax expense. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenses for tax purposes in the year incurred and requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenses over five years for research activities conducted in the United States and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the United States. Unless the United States Department of the Treasury issues regulations that narrow the application of this provision to a smaller subset of our research and development expenses or the provision is deferred, modified, or repealed by Congress, we expect an increase in our net deferred tax assets and an offsetting similarly sized increase in our valuation allowance over these amortization periods. The actual impact of this provision will depend on multiple factors, including the amount of research and development expenses we will incur and whether we conduct our research and development activities inside or outside the United States. 
 Our ability to use net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income or taxes may be limited. 
 Under current law, federal net operating losses incurred in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such federal net operating losses is limited to 80 of taxable income. It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to federal tax laws. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change in its equity ownership value over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change income or taxes may be limited. We have experienced an ownership change in the past and we may also experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which may be outside of our control. If an ownership change occurs and our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating loss carryforwards is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, we may be unable to use all or a material portion of our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us and adversely affect our future cash flows. 
 69 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends in the future would depend on our financial condition, contractual restrictions, including under our term loan facility, solvency tests imposed by applicable corporate laws, results of operations, anticipated cash requirements and other factors and will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Our stockholders should not expect that we will ever pay cash or other dividends on our outstanding capital stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our market, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our common stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline. 
 Our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of activist stockholders, and such activism could impact the trading value of our securities. 
 Stockholders may, from time to time, engage in proxy solicitations or advance stockholder proposals, or otherwise attempt to effect changes and assert influence on our board of directors and management. Activist campaigns that contest or conflict with our strategic direction or seek changes in the composition of our board of directors could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A proxy contest would require us to incur significant legal and advisory fees, proxy solicitation expenses and administrative and associated costs and require significant time and attention by our board of directors and management, diverting their attention from the pursuit of our business strategy. Any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction and control, our ability to execute on our strategy, or changes to the composition of our board of directors or senior management team arising from a proxy contest could lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business or instability which may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, make it more difficult to pursue our strategic initiatives, or limit our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. If individuals are ultimately elected to our board of directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our stockholders. We may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of the proxy contest or matters arising from the proxy contest, which would serve as a further distraction to our board of directors and management and would require us to incur significant additional costs. In addition, actions such as those described above could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based upon temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 Securities class action litigation could divert our management s attention and harm our business and could subject us to significant liabilities. 
 The stock markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the equity securities of life sciences and biotechnology companies. These broad market fluctuations may cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and biopharma companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. Even if we are successful in defending claims that may be brought in the future, such litigation could result in substantial costs and may be a distraction to our management and may lead to an unfavorable outcome that could adversely impact our financial condition and prospects. 
 70 

Our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, vendors, distributors and CROs may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, principal investigators, consultants, vendors, distributors and CROs may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or unauthorized activities that violate FDA regulations, including those laws that require the reporting of true, complete and accurate information to the FDA, manufacturing standards, federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by our employees and other third parties may also include the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by our employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs and imprisonment. 
 We are subject to U.S. and certain foreign export and import controls, sanctions, embargoes, anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal standards could impair our ability to compete in domestic and international markets. We can face criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations, which can harm our business. 
 We are subject to export control and import laws and regulations, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, U.S. Customs regulations, and various economic and trade sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Controls, and anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, and other state and national anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the countries in which we conduct activities. Anti-corruption laws are interpreted broadly and prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, contractors and other collaborators and partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting or receiving, directly or indirectly, improper payments or anything else of value to recipients in the public or private sector. We may engage third parties for clinical trials outside of the United States, to sell our products internationally once we enter a commercialization phase, and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations and other regulatory approvals. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities and other organizations. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, agents, clinical research organizations, contractors and other collaborators and partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have actual knowledge of such activities. Any violations of the laws and regulations described above may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties, imprisonment, the loss of export or import privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. 
 
 71 

Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 We occupy 13,420 square feet of office space for our corporate headquarters in San Diego, California under a lease that expires in November 2025. We also occupy approximately 16,541 square feet of office space in Boston, Massachusetts under a lease that expires in July 2024, and approximately 5,315 square feet of office and lab space in San Diego, California under a lease that expires in August 2025. We believe that our facilities are sufficient to meet our current needs and that suitable additional space will be available as and when needed. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are not currently a party to, nor is our property the subject of, any material legal proceedings. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 72 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol KURA . 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were approximately 104 holders of record of our common stock, which does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the name of various dealers, clearing agencies, banks, brokers, and other fiduciaries. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends is currently prohibited by the terms of our term loan facility, subject to customary exceptions. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors our board of directors deems relevant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 73 

Stock Performance Graph and Cumulative Total Return 
 The graph below shows the cumulative total stockholder return assuming the investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 (and the reinvestment of dividends thereafter), in each of (i) Kura Oncology, Inc. s common stock, (ii) the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index and (iii) the Nasdaq Composite Index. The comparisons in the graph below are based upon historical data and are not indicative of, or intended to forecast, future performance of our common stock or Indexes. 
 
 The foregoing graph is furnished solely with this Annual Report, and is not filed with this Annual Report, and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made by us before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent we specifically incorporate this material by reference into any such filing. 
 Item 6. [Reserved]. 
 74 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of Kura Oncology, Inc. should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes to those statements appearing in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis include, but are not limited to, those set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are based on information available to us as of the time we file this Annual Report and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements. For the comparison of the financial results for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022 . 
 References to Kura Oncology, Inc., we, us and our refer to Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 Overview 
 We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to realizing the promise of precision medicines for the treatment of cancer. Our pipeline consists of small molecule product candidates that target cancer signaling pathways where there is a strong scientific and clinical rationale to improve outcomes, and we intend to pair them with molecular or cellular diagnostics to identify those patients most likely to respond to treatment. We are conducting clinical trials of two product candidates, ziftomenib and tipifarnib, and are preparing to initiate a first-in-human study of a third product candidate, KO-2806. We also have additional programs that are at a discovery stage. We own global commercial rights to all of our programs and product candidates. We plan to advance our product candidates through a combination of internal development and strategic partnerships while maintaining significant development and commercial rights. 
 Ziftomenib. Our first product candidate, ziftomenib, is a potent, selective, reversible and oral small molecule inhibitor that blocks the interaction of two proteins, menin and the protein expressed by the KMT2A gene (formerly referred to as the mixed-lineage leukemia 1 gene). 
 We received orphan drug designation for ziftomenib for the treatment of AML from the FDA in July 2019. We initiated our menin-KMT2A Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ziftomenib in relapsed or refractory AML which we call KOMET-001, in September 2019. In the Phase 1a dose-escalation portion of the KOMET-001 trial, ziftomenib demonstrated a wide therapeutic window and encouraging monotherapy activity in an all-comer population of 30 patients with relapsed/refractory AML. A total of 53 patients were treated in the Phase 1b portion of the study, which consisted of two randomized expansion cohorts, each comprised of NPM1-mutant and KMT2A-rearranged AML patients. Ziftomenib demonstrated optimal clinical benefit at 600 mg, with a 30 CR rate (6/20) in patients with NPM1-mutant AML. 
 Continuous daily dosing of ziftomenib was well tolerated and reported adverse events most often were consistent with features of underlying disease. The most common treatment-emergent adverse event observed was DS, a known adverse event related to AML treatments that promote differentiation of AML cells. The frequency of DS was higher in patients with KMT2A-rearranged AML than those with NPM1-mutant AML. Although meaningful clinical benefit was observed in patients with KMT2A rearrangements, symptoms of DS prevented most patients from receiving sufficient therapy to attain response criteria for CR or CRh, and only one patient achieved a CR/CRh. 
 Based upon the results of the Phase 1b portion of the KOMET-001 study and following a positive Type C meeting with the FDA, we announced that 600 mg has been determined as the RP2D of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML. We have initiated the Phase 2 registration-directed portion of the KOMET-001 trial to further evaluate the safety, tolerability and anti-leukemic activity of ziftomenib in NPM1-mutant AML, and we reported on February 9, 2023 that we dosed our first patients. 
 In addition to initiating the Phase 2 portion of the KOMET-001 study, we expect to initiate multiple studies of ziftomenib in combination with standards of care and in earlier lines of therapy. The first ziftomenib combination study, which we call KOMET-007, is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with venetoclax and azacytidine in patients with newly diagnosed or relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML, and ziftomenib in combination with cytarabine and daunorubicin, or 7+3, in patients with newly diagnosed NPM1-mutant and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-007 in the first half of 2023. 
 75 

The second ziftomenib combination study, which we call KOMET-008, is designed to evaluate ziftomenib in combination with gilteritinib in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML, and ziftomenib in combination with FLAG-IDA or LDAC in patients with relapsed or refractory NPM1-mutant AML and/or KMT2A-rearranged AML. We expect to dose the first patient in KOMET-008 in the second half of 2023. 
 Tipifarnib. Our second product candidate, tipifarnib, is a potent, selective and orally bioavailable inhibitor of farnesyl transferase that has been previously studied in more than 5,000 cancer patients and demonstrated compelling and durable anti-cancer activity in certain patients with a manageable side effect profile. 
 In February 2021, tipifarnib was granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation from the FDA for the treatment of patients with recurrent or metastatic HRAS mutant HNSCC with variant allele frequency 20 after disease progression on platinum-based chemotherapy. 
 On July 6, 2021, we announced a clinical collaboration with Novartis to evaluate the combination of tipifarnib and alpelisib, a PI3 kinase alpha inhibitor, in patients with HNSCC whose tumors have HRAS overexpression and/or PIK3CA mutation and/or amplification. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we commenced a Phase 1/2 open-label, biomarker-defined cohort study, which we call the KURRENT-HN trial, to evaluate the safety and tolerability of the combination, determine the recommended dose and schedule for the combination, and assess early antitumor activity of the combination for the treatment of such patients. Under the terms of our collaboration agreement with Novartis, we sponsor the KURRENT-HN trial and supply tipifarnib, and Novartis supplies alpelisib. On December 16, 2021, we announced dose administration for the first patient in the PIK3CA cohort and, in August 2022, we announced dose administration for the first patient in the HRAS overexpression cohort in KURRENT-HN. In an ongoing effort to prioritize those programs with the highest potential to create value for patients, health care providers and shareholders, and because we are seeing promising clinical activity in the PIK3CA cohort, we have elected to prioritize the determination of the OBAD for the PIK3CA cohort and discontinue enrollment in the HRAS overexpression cohort. We expect to determine the OBAD for the PIK3CA cohort in mid-2023. 
 In November 2022, we announced the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical trial, which we called the KURRENT-LUNG trial, of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib in treatment-na ve locally advanced or metastatic EGFR mutated NSCLC. As part of our ongoing prioritization efforts, we have decided to close our KURRENT-LUNG trial and discontinue further development of tipifarnib in combination with osimertinib, despite compelling preclinical data. 
 KO-2806. Our newest product candidate, KO-2806, is a next-generation farnesyl transferase inhibitor which we believe demonstrates improved potency, pharmacokinetic and physicochemical properties relative to earlier FTI drug candidates. In January 2023, we announced the clearance by the FDA of our IND application for KO-2806 for the treatment of advanced solid tumors. We intend to evaluate the safety, tolerability and preliminary antitumor activity of KO-2806 in a Phase 1 first-in-human study as a monotherapy and in combination with other targeted therapies. We expect to initiate this Phase 1 study, which we call the FIT-001 trial, in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Liquidity Overview 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 438.0 million. In February 2022, we entered into the ATM Facility with SVB Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million. We have not sold any shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. 
 On November 2, 2022, we entered into the Loan Agreement with the Lenders and Hercules providing for up to 125.0 million in a series of Term Loans. We borrowed 10.0 million upon entering into the Loan Agreement, and may borrow up to an additional 115.0 million under certain circumstances. We may borrow 15.0 million at our sole discretion at any time until September 15, 2023. We may borrow (i) additional tranches of term loans in the amounts of up to 35.0 million and 40.0 million, respectively, which will become available to us upon our satisfaction of certain terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, and (ii) a final tranche of term loans in the amount of up to 25.0 million, subject to the Lenders investment committee approval in its sole discretion. 
 Also, on November 2, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or BMS, pursuant to which BMS purchased 1,370,171 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering, at a purchase price of approximately 18.25 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately 25.0 million. 
 76 

To date, we have not generated any revenues from product sales, and we do not have any approved products. Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. We anticipate that we will require significant additional financing in the future to continue to fund our operations as discussed more fully below under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 Financial Operations Overview 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 We focus on the research and development of our pipeline programs. Our research and development expenses consist of costs associated with our research and development activities including salaries, benefits, share-based compensation and other personnel costs, clinical trial costs, manufacturing costs for non-commercial products, fees paid to external service providers and consultants, facilities costs and supplies, equipment and materials used in clinical and preclinical studies and research and development. All such costs are charged to research and development expense as incurred. Payments that we make in connection with in-licensed technology for a particular research and development project that have no alternative future uses in other research and development projects or otherwise and therefore, no separate economic values, are expensed as research and development costs at the time such costs are incurred. As of December 31, 2022, we have no in-licensed technologies that have alternative future uses in research and development projects or otherwise. 
 We cannot determine with certainty the timing of initiation, the duration or the completion costs of current or future preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates. At this time, due to the inherently unpredictable nature of preclinical and clinical development, we are unable to estimate with any certainty the costs we will incur and the timelines we will require in the continued development of our product candidates and our other pipeline programs. Clinical and preclinical development timelines, the probability of success and development costs can differ materially from expectations. Our future research and development expenses will depend on the preclinical and clinical success of each product candidate that we develop, as well as ongoing assessments of the commercial potential of such product candidates. In addition, we cannot forecast which product candidates may be subject to future collaborations, when such arrangements will be secured, if at all, and to what degree such arrangements would affect our development plans and capital requirements. 
 Completion of clinical trials may take several years or more, and the length of time generally varies according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use of a product candidate. The cost of clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project as a result of differences arising during clinical development, including, among others: 
 managing the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and related precautions on the operation of our clinical trials; 

per patient clinical trial costs; 

the number of clinical trials required for approval; 

the number of sites included in the clinical trials; 

the length of time required to enroll suitable patients; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the number of patients that participate in the clinical trials; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

the duration of patient follow-up; 

potential additional safety monitoring or other studies requested by regulatory agencies; 

the number and complexity of analyses and tests performed during the clinical trial; 

the phase of development of the product candidate; and 

the efficacy and safety profile of the product candidate. 

77 

General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits, share-based compensation and other personnel costs for employees in executive, finance, business development and support functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include the costs associated with obtaining and maintaining our patent portfolio, professional services for audit, legal, pre-commercial planning, investor and public relations, director and officer insurance premiums, corporate activities and allocated facilities. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of interest income and interest expense. 
 Income Taxes 
 We have incurred net losses and have not recorded any U.S. federal or state income tax benefits for the losses as they have been offset by valuation allowances. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the years presented, in thousands: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Research and development expenses 

92,812 

84,721 

8,091 

General and administrative expenses 

47,053 

46,537 

516 

Other income, net 

4,025 

792 

3,233 

Research and Development Expenses . The following table illustrates the components of our research and development expenses for the years presented, in thousands: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Ziftomenib-related costs 
 
 21,067 

18,794 

2,273 

Tipifarnib-related costs 
 
 19,991 

30,640 

(10,649) 

Discovery stage programs 
 
 7,915 

4,344 

3,571 

Personnel costs and other expenses 
 
 33,466 

23,489 

9,977 

Share-based compensation expense 
 
 10,373 

7,454 

2,919 

Total research and development expenses 
 
 92,812 

84,721 

8,091 

The increase in ziftomenib-related research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to increases in costs related to our Phase 1/2 clinical trial of ziftomenib. The decrease in tipifarnib-related research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the closure to further enrollment of our registration-directed trial of tipifarnib. The increase in discovery stage programs for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to increased research activities for our preclinical-stage product candidate, KO-2806. The FDA cleared the KO-2806 IND filing in January 2023. The increase in personnel costs and other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was to support our ongoing clinical trials. Personnel costs and other expenses include employee salaries and related expenses, facilities and overhead expenses. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in future periods as we continue clinical development activities for ziftomenib and tipifarnib. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . The increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to increases in personnel costs. We expect our general and administrative expenses to increase in future periods to support our planned increase in research and development activities. 
 Other income, net . The increase in other income, net for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in interest income. 
 78 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Since our inception, we have funded our operations primarily through equity and debt financings. We have devoted our resources to funding research and development programs, including discovery research, preclinical and clinical development activities. 
 On November 2, 2022, we entered into the Loan Agreement with the Lenders and Hercules, in its capacity as agent, providing for up to 125.0 million in a series of Term Loans. Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, we borrowed 10.0 million of an initial 25.0 million tranche of Term Loans, or the Tranche 1 Loan, and we may, at our sole discretion, borrow the remaining 15.0 million in respect of the Tranche 1 Loan at any time until September 15, 2023. Thereafter, we may borrow (i) additional tranches of Term Loans in the amounts of up to 35.0 million, or the Tranche 2 Loan, and 40.0 million, or the Tranche 3 Loan, respectively, which will become available to us upon our satisfaction of certain terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, and (ii) a final tranche of Term Loans in the amount of up to 25.0 million, or the Tranche 4 Loan, subject to the Lenders investment committee approval in its sole discretion. All of the Term Loans have a maturity date of November 2, 2027, or the Maturity Date. Repayment of the Term Loans is interest only through (a) initially, November 1, 2024, (b) if we satisfy the Interest Only Milestone 1 Conditions (as defined in the Loan Agreement), May 1, 2025, (c) if we satisfy the Interest Only Milestone 2 Conditions (as defined in the Loan Agreement), November 1, 2025, and (d) if we satisfy the Approval Milestone (as defined in the Loan Agreement), November 1, 2026. After the interest-only payment period, borrowings under the Loan Agreement are repayable in equal monthly payments of principal and accrued interest until the Maturity Date. The per annum interest rate for the Term Loans is the greater of (i) the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus 6.25 plus 8.65 and (ii) 8.65 . 
 At our option, we may prepay all or any portion of the outstanding Term Loans at any time. Prepayments made on or prior to the third anniversary of the date of the Loan Agreement will be subject to a prepayment fee equal to 1.50 of the principal amount being prepaid. In addition, we paid a 0.1 million facility charge upon closing and will pay additional facility charges in connection with any borrowing of the Tranche 2 Loan, Tranche 3 Loan or Tranche 4 Loan, in each case in the amount of 0.50 of the amount of such tranche of loans. The Loan Agreement also provides for an end of term fee in an amount equal to the greater of approximately (i) 1.5 million (which is 6.05 of the maximum amount of the first tranche of loans) or (ii) 6.05 of the aggregate principal amount of loan advances actually made under the Loan Agreement, which fee is due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date we prepay the outstanding loans in full, and (iii) the date that the secured obligations become due and payable. Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets other than our intellectual property, but including proceeds from the sale, licensing or other disposition of our intellectual property. Our intellectual property is subject to negative covenants, which, among other things, prohibit us from selling, transferring, assigning, mortgaging, pledging, leasing, granting a security interest in or otherwise encumbering our intellectual property, subject to limited exceptions. 
 On November 2, 2022, we entered into a securities purchase agreement with BMS pursuant to which BMS purchased 1,370,171 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering, at a purchase price of approximately 18.25 per share, for gross proceeds of approximately 25.0 million. 
 In February 2022, we entered into the ATM Facility under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 150.0 million. We have not sold any shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. 
 We have incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 568.8 million. We expect our expenses to increase in connection with our ongoing activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of, continue and initiate clinical trials of, and seek marketing approval for, our product candidates. In addition, if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses related to product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution to the extent that such sales, marketing and distribution are not the responsibility of potential collaborators. Accordingly, we will need to obtain substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or future commercialization efforts. 
 79 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 438.0 million. Based on our current plans, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to enable us to fund our operating expenses into the fourth quarter of 2025. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the scope, progress, results and costs of drug discovery, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our product candidates; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our product candidates; 

the costs of establishing or contracting for sales, marketing and distribution capabilities if we obtain regulatory approvals to market our product candidates; 

the costs of securing and producing drug substance and drug product material for use in preclinical studies, clinical trials and for use as commercial supply; 

the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for development activities and commercial production; 

the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs; 

the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse, or entitled to reimbursement of, clinical trial costs under future collaboration agreements, if any; 

the extent to which we acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 

the success of our current or future companion diagnostic test collaborations for companion diagnostic tests; and 

the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending intellectual property-related claims. 

To date, we have not generated any revenues from product sales, and we do not have any approved products. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenues from product sales. We do not expect to generate significant revenues from product sales unless and until we obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize one of our current or future product candidates. We are subject to all of the risks incident in the development of new therapeutic products, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial product revenues, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of stock offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements. Other than our term loan facility, we do not have any committed external source of funds. Additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. Subject to limited exceptions, our term loan facility also prohibits us from incurring indebtedness without the prior written consent of the Lenders. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of stock or convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing, if available, may involve agreements that include increased fixed payment obligations and covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, declaring dividends, selling or licensing intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic partnerships or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, including our other technologies, future revenue streams or research programs, or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be unable to carry out our business plan. As a result, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and commercialize our product candidates even if we would otherwise prefer to develop and commercialize such product candidates ourselves, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 The following table provides a summary of our net cash flow activities for the years presented, in thousands: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(110,062) 

(104,551) 

(5,511) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

32,627 

(126,835) 

159,462 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

38,565 

(3,435) 

42,000 

80 

Operating Activities . The increase of 5.5 million in net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily due to the increase of 5.4 million in net loss. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to maturities of marketable securities. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to purchases of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities . Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to net proceeds of 24.7 million from the BMS equity investment, proceeds of 4.4 million from the issuance of shares of common stock under our equity plans and net proceeds of 9.4 million from the issuance of long-term debt. Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to the repayment of all amounts owed under our prior term loan facility with Silicon Valley Bank, including a final payment and prepayment fees, totaling 7.9 million, partially offset by proceeds of 4.4 million from the issuance of shares of common stock under our equity plans. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following is a summary of our significant contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2022, in thousands: 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 

1-3 

3-5 

More than 

Total 

1 Year 

Years 

Years 

5 Years 

Operating leases (1) 
 
 5,167 

2,375 

2,792 

Long-term debt (2) 
 
 10,000 

3,417 

6,583 

Interest payments on long-term debt (3) 
 
 5,026 

1,002 

1,829 

2,195 

Total 
 
 20,193 

3,377 

8,038 

8,778 

______________________ 
 (1) Future minimum lease payments under our operating leases in San Diego, California and Boston, Massachusetts. 

(2) Principal payments under our term loan facility. 

(3) Interest payments on our term loan facility. The per annum interest rate for the Term Loans is the greater of (i) the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal minus 6.25 plus 8.65 and (ii) 8.65 . As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loans was 9.90 . In addition, an end of term fee will be due in an amount equal to the greater of approximately (i) 1.5 million or (ii) 6.05 of the aggregate principal amount of loan advances actually made, payable on the earliest of the maturity date, acceleration or prepayment of the Term Loans. 

We enter into short-term and cancellable agreements in the normal course of operations with clinical sites and CROs for clinical research studies, professional consultants and various third parties for preclinical research studies, clinical supply manufacturing and other services through purchase orders or other documentation, or that are undocumented except for an invoice. Such short-term agreements are generally outstanding for periods less than one year and are settled by cash payments upon delivery of goods and services. The nature of the work being conducted under these agreements is such that, in most cases, the services may be cancelled upon prior notice of 90 days or less. Payments due upon cancellation generally consist only of payments for services provided and expenses incurred, including non-cancellable obligations of our service providers, up to the date of cancellation. These payments are not included in the table of contractual obligations above. 
 Excluded from the table above are milestone or contractual payment obligations contingent upon the achievement of certain milestones or events if the amount and timing of such obligations are unknown or uncertain. Our in-license agreements are cancelable by us with written notice within 180 days or less. We may be required to pay up to approximately 80.0 million in milestone payments, plus sales royalties, in the event that regulatory and commercial milestones under the in-license agreements are achieved. 
 81 

Critical Accounting Policies and Management Estimates 
 The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that are, in management s view, important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and demanding of management s judgment. Management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements required estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in the financial statements. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses and share-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Though the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic to our business and operating results presents additional uncertainty, we continue to use the best information available to form our critical accounting estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 2 in the Notes to Financial Statements of this Annual Report, we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we will adjust the accrual accordingly. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services, including fees for process development or manufacturing and distribution of clinical supplies that will be used in future research and development activities, are deferred and recognized as expense in the period that the related goods are consumed or services are performed. Payments that we make in connection with in-licensed technology for a particular research and development project that have no alternative future uses, in other research and development projects or otherwise, and therefore no separate economic values are expensed as research and development costs at the time such costs are incurred. 
 Clinical Trial Costs and Accruals 
 We accrue clinical trial costs based on work performed. In determining the amount to accrue, we rely on estimates of total costs incurred based on enrollment, the completion of clinical trials and other events. We follow this method because we believe reasonably dependable estimates of the costs applicable to various stages of a clinical trial can be made. However, the actual costs and timing of clinical trials are highly uncertain, subject to risks and may change depending on a number of factors. Differences between the actual clinical trial costs and the estimated clinical trial costs that we have accrued in any prior period are recognized in the subsequent period in which the actual costs become known. Historically, our estimated accrued expenses have approximated actual expenses incurred; however, material differences could occur in the future. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 in the Notes to Financial Statements of this Annual Report. 
 82 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We hold certain financial instruments for which a change in prevailing interest rates may cause the principal amount of the marketable securities to fluctuate. Financial instruments that potentially subject us to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. We invest our excess cash primarily in U.S. Treasury securities, corporate debt securities, commercial paper, money market funds, non-U.S. government debt securities, supranational debt securities and U.S. Agency bonds. The primary objectives of our investment activities are to ensure liquidity and to preserve principal while at the same time maximizing the income we receive from our marketable securities without significantly increasing risk. Additionally, we established guidelines regarding approved investments and maturities of investments, which are designed to maintain safety and liquidity. For our short-term investments, we do not believe that an increase or decrease in market rates would have a significant impact on the realized values or the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. We believe that should a 10.0 change in interest rates were to have occurred on December 31, 2022, this change would not have had a material effect on the fair value of our investment portfolio as of that date. Any changes would only be realized if we sold the investments prior to maturity. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our clinical trial costs. We do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required pursuant to this item are included in Item 15 of this Annual Report and are presented beginning on page F-1. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports required by the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the timelines specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and in reaching a reasonable level of assurance, management was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on the foregoing, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 83 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included herein. 
 Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with management s evaluation of such internal control that occurred during our most recent quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to material affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 84 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Kura Oncology, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the balance sheets of Kura Oncology, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 San Diego, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 85 

Item 9 B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 86 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in the sections headed Election of Directors and Executive Officers in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 We have adopted a written code of ethics for directors, officers, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer, and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at www.kuraoncology.com under the Corporate Governance section of our Investors Media page. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report. We will promptly disclose on our website (i) the nature of any amendment to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver, including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that is granted to one of these specified individuals that is required to be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules and regulations, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the sections headed Executive Compensation and Non-Employee Director Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the sections headed Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Information Regarding the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 87 

PART IV 
 Item 15.	Exhibits and Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 1. Financial Statements . We have filed the following documents as part of this Annual Report: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F- 1 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 3 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F- 4 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F- 5 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F- 7 

2. Financial Statement Schedules. 
 There are no financial statement schedules provided because the information called for is either not required or is shown either in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference herein from Form or Schedule 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 SEC File/Reg. Number 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as amended. 

8-K (Exhibit 3.1) 
 
 6/14/2017 
 
 001-37620 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. 

8-K (Exhibit 3.2) 
 
 6/14/2017 
 
 001-37620 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock certificate. 

8-K (Exhibit 4.1) 
 
 3/12/2015 
 
 000-53058 

4.2 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock by Registrant on April 27, 2016 to Oxford Finance LLC. 

10-Q (Exhibit 4.3) 
 
 8/10/2016 
 
 001-37620 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement issued by the Registrant on November 2, 2022 to certain Lenders. 
 
 X 

4.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hercules Capital, Inc. 
 
 X 

4.5 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hercules Capital IV, L.P. 
 
 X 

4.6 
 
 Description of Registrant s Common Stock. 

10-K (Exhibit 4.3) 
 
 2/25/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.1+ 
 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and Forms of Stock Option Agreement, Notice of Exercise and Stock Option Grant Notice thereunder. 
 
 X 

88 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference herein from Form or Schedule 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 SEC File/Reg. Number 

10.2+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement and Restricted Stock Purchase Award Notice under the Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 3/12/2015 
 
 000-53058 

10.3+ 
 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.3) 
 
 3/12/2015 
 
 000-53058 

10.4+ 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.4) 
 
 3/12/2015 
 
 000-53058 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement, dated December 18, 2014, by and between the Registrant and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.5) 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.6 
 
 Patent License Agreement, effective as of December 22, 2014, by and between the Registrant and the Regents of the University of Michigan, as amended on March 3, 2015, July 22, 2015, September 29, 2016, February 1, 2017. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.8) 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.7 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Patent License Agreement, effective as of May 24, 2017, by and between the Registrant and the Regents of the University of Michigan. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.9) 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.8+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 29, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.15) 
 
 3/17/2016 
 
 001-37620 

10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to License Agreement, dated June 6, 2016, by and between the Registrant and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.3) 
 
 8/10/2016 
 
 001-37620 

10.10 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Patent License Agreement, effective as of August 24, 2017, by and between the Registrant and the Regents of the University of Michigan. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.23) 
 
 3/12/2018 
 
 001-37620 

10.11+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of August 21, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Marc Grasso, M.D. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 11/5/2018 
 
 001-37620 

10.12 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated February 24, 2022, by and among the Registrant, SVB Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA), LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 2/24/2022 
 
 001-37620 

10.13+ 
 
 First Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of August 21, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Marc Grasso, M.D. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 11/5/2019 
 
 001-37620 

10.14+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of August 9, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Kathleen Ford. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.3) 
 
 11/5/2019 
 
 001-37620 

89 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference herein from Form or Schedule 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 SEC File/Reg. Number 

10.15 
 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated January 8, 2020, by and between the Registrant and BRE CA Office Owners LLC. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.28) 
 
 2/25/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.16 
 
 Office Lease Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, by and between the Registrant and East Office Operating Limited Partnership. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.5) 
 
 5/4/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.17 
 
 First Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated May 2, 2020 by and between the Registrant and BRE CA Office Owner LLC. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.8) 
 
 5/4/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.18+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.4) 
 
 8/6/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.19+ 
 
 Form of International Stock Option Grant Notice, International Stock Option Agreement and International Notice of Exercise under the Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 11/5/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Office Lease Agreement, dated October 27, 2020 by and between the Registrant and BRE CA Office Owner LLC. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 11/5/2020 
 
 001-37620 

10.21+ 
 
 Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of February 19, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.36) 
 
 2/24/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.22+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 X 

10.23+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of January 6, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Kirsten Flowers. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.4) 
 
 5/6/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.24+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of July 22, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Stephen Dale, M.D. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.7) 
 
 5/6/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.25+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of February 22, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Stephen Dale, M.D. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.8) 
 
 5/6/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.26 
 
 Lease Agreement, dated May 11, 2021, by and between the Registrant and BP3-SD5 5510 Morehouse Drive LLC. 

10-Q (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 8/5/2021 
 
 001-37620 

10.27+ 
 
 Form of International Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and International Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.30) 
 
 2/24/2022 
 
 001-37620 

10.28+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of October 18, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Teresa Bair. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.31) 
 
 2/24/2022 
 
 001-37620 

90 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Incorporated by Reference herein from Form or Schedule 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 SEC File/Reg. Number 

10.29+ 
 
 Separation Agreement, effective as of February 4, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Marc Grasso, M.D. 

10-K (Exhibit 10.32) 
 
 2/24/2022 
 
 001-37620 

10.30 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 2, 2022 by and between the Registrant and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.1) 
 
 11/3/2022 
 
 001-37620 

10.31 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 2, 2022 by and between the Registrant and Hercules Capital, Inc. 

8-K (Exhibit 10.2) 
 
 11/3/2022 
 
 001-37620 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see signature page). 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101.INS). 
 
 X 

+ Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted as the Registrant has determined (i) the omitted information is not material and (ii) the omitted information would likely cause harm to the Registrant if publicly disclosed. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the SEC. 
 
 Item 16. For m 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 91 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Kura Oncology, Inc. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. and Thomas Doyle, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 
 
 (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Thomas Doyle 
 
 Senior Vice President, Finance Accounting 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Thomas Doyle 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Helen Collins, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Helen Collins, M.D. 

/s/ Faheem Hasnain 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Faheem Hasnain 

/s/ Thomas Malley 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Thomas Malley 

/s/ Diane Parks 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Diane Parks 

/s/ Carol Schafer 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Carol Schafer 

/s/ Steven H. Stein, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Steven H. Stein, M.D. 

/s/ Mary Szela 
 
 Director 
 
 February 23, 2023 

Mary Szela 

92 

REP ORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 23, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F- 1 

Clinical Trial Research and Development Expenses and Accruals 

Description of the Matter 
 During 2022, the Company incurred 92.8 million for research and development expense and as of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued 2.4 million for clinical trial research and developed expenses. As described in Note 2 of the financial statements, the Company records accruals for estimated costs of research and development activities that include contract services for clinical trials. Clinical trial activities are accrued and expensed based on estimates of the period in which services and efforts are expended by contract research organizations CROs and other third parties. Estimates are determined by reviewing cost information provided by CROs and other third party vendors, contractual arrangements with CROs and the scope of work to be performed. Auditing management s accounting for accrued third-party clinical trial research and development expenses is especially challenging as evaluating the progress or stage of completion of the activities under the Company s research and development agreements is dependent upon a high volume of data from third-party service providers and internal clinical personnel. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the accounting for accrued third-party clinical trial research and development expenses. This included management s assessment of the assumptions and data underlying the accrued third-party clinical trial research and development expenses estimate. To test the completeness of the Company s accrued third-party clinical trial research and development expenses, among other procedures, we obtained supporting evidence of the research and development activities performed for significant clinical trials. We inspected supporting evidence of clinical trial and project status meetings with internal personnel and third-party service providers to corroborate the status of significant research and development activities. We performed inquiries with clinical project managers to corroborate the status of significant research and development activities. To verify the appropriate measurement of accrued research and development costs, we compared the costs for a sample of transactions against the related invoices and contracts, confirmed amounts incurred to-date with third-party service providers, and performed lookback analyses. We also examined a sample of subsequent payments to evaluate the completeness of the accrued third-party clinical trial research and development expenses. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 San Diego, California 
 February 23, 2023 
 
 F- 2 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Restricted cash 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Other long-term assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F- 3 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest and other income, net 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Total other income 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average number of shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Comprehensive Loss: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive loss: 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities and foreign currency 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLD ERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Accumulated 

Additional 

Other 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-In 

Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Par Value 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2019 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock under equity plans 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock under equity plans 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs 

Share-based compensation expense 

Issuance of common stock under equity plans 

Issuance of warrants in connection with debt facility 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F- 5 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating Activities 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Share-based compensation expense 

Amortization of premium and accretion of discounts on marketable securities, net 

Depreciation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Loss from extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use and other long-term assets 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

() 

Investing Activities 

Maturities of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from issuances of common stock, net 

Proceeds from issuance of stock under equity plans 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Payment of fees related to issuance of long-term debt 

() 

Repayment of long-term debt 

() 

() 

Payment of fees related to extinguishment of debt 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Supplemental non-cash disclosures: 

Warrants issued in connection with debt facility 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

million was pledged as collateral for the letter of credit. 

Restricted cash 

Total 

. Laboratory equipment is depreciated over its estimated useful life of . Furniture and fixtures are depreciated over their estimated useful lives of . Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lesser of the term of the related lease or the useful life of the asset. 
 impairments of the value of long-lived assets. 
 or when we are reasonably certain that the options will be exercised. We do not separate lease components from non-lease components. For our operating leases, we generally cannot determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, in which case we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate for the lease. We estimate our incremental borrowing rate for our operating leases based on what we would normally pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term for an amount equal to the lease payments. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. If a lease is modified, the modified contract is evaluated to determine whether it is or contains a lease. If a lease continues to exist, the lease modification is determined to be a separate contract when the modification grants the lessee an additional ROU that is not included in the original lease and the lease payments increase commensurate with the standalone price for the additional ROU. A lease modification that results in a separate contract will be accounted for in the same manner as a new lease. For a modification that is not a separate contract, we reassess the lease classification using the modified terms and conditions and the facts and circumstances as of the effective date of the modification and recognize the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability for the modified lease as an adjustment to the corresponding operating lease ROU asset. 

, and , respectively, were excluded from the computation of dilutive weighted-average shares outstanding because their effect would be anti-dilutive. 

F- 11 

U.S. Agency bonds 
 or less 

Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 or less 

() 

Corporate debt securities 
 or less 

() 

Commercial paper 
 or less 

Non-U.S. government and supranational debt securities 
 or less 

() 

U.S. Agency bonds 
 or less 

() 

Total short-term investments 

() 

Total 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Maturities (years) 
 
 Amortized Cost 

Unrealized Gains 

Unrealized Losses 

Estimated Fair Value 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Short-term investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 
 or less 

() 

Corporate debt securities 
 or less 

() 

Commercial paper 
 or less 

Non-U.S. government and supranational debt securities 
 or less 

() 

U.S. Agency bonds 
 or less 

() 

Total short-term investments 

() 

Total 

() 

Short-term investments are classified as current assets, even though the stated maturity date may be one year or more beyond the current balance sheet date, which reflects management s intention to use the proceeds from sales of these securities to fund our operations, as necessary. million and million, respectively, had maturities less than one year, and short-term investments of million and million, respectively, had maturities between one to three years. Realized gains and losses were de minimis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, available-for-sale securities with a fair market value o f million and available-for-sale securities with a fair market value of million, respectively, were in gross unrealized loss positions, million and ne of which were in a continuous unrealized loss position for greater than 12 months, respectively. We do not intend to sell these available-for-sale securities, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of their amortized cost basis. Based on our review of these available-for-sale securities, the unrealized losses as of December 31, 2022 were primarily due to changes in interest rates and not due to increased credit risks associated with specific securities . We have allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Unrealized gains and losses that are not credit-related are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. Accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale securities were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have not written off any accrued interest receivables for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 

U.S. Agency bonds 

Total cash equivalents 

Short-term investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

Non-U.S. government and supranational debt securities 

U.S. Agency bonds 

Total short-term investments 

Total 

December 31, 2021 

Total 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

Short-term investments: 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Corporate debt securities 

Commercial paper 

Non-U.S. government and supranational debt securities 

U.S. Agency bonds 

Total short-term investments 

Total 

We believe that our term loan facility bears interest at a rate that approximates prevailing market rates for instruments with similar characteristics and, accordingly, the carrying value of the term loan facility approximates fair value. The fair value of our term loan facility is determined using Level 2 inputs in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt, for further discussion of our term loan facility. 

F- 13 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was million , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Accrued clinical trial research and development expenses 

Accrued other research and development expenses 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Other accrued expenses 

Total accounts payable and accrued expenses 

million of an initial million tranche of term loans, or the Tranche 1 Loan, and we may, at our sole discretion, borrow the remaining million in respect of the Tranche 1 Loan at any time until . Thereafter, we may borrow (i) additional tranches of term loans in the amounts of up to million, or the Tranche 2 Loan, and million, or the Tranche 3 Loan, respectively, which will become available to us upon our satisfaction of certain terms and conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement, and (ii) a final tranche of term loans in the amount of up to million, or the Tranche 4 Loan, subject to the Lenders investment committee approval in its sole discretion. All of the Term Loans have a maturity date of , or the Maturity Date. Repayment of the Term Loans is interest only through (a) initially, , (b) if we satisfy the Interest Only Milestone 1 Conditions (as defined in the Loan Agreement), , (c) if we satisfy the Interest Only Milestone 2 Conditions (as defined in the Loan Agreement), , and (d) if we satisfy the Approval Milestone (as defined in the Loan Agreement), . After the interest-only payment period, borrowings under the Loan Agreement are repayable in equal monthly payments of principal and accrued interest until the Maturity Date. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate on the Term Loans w as . At our option, we may prepay all or any portion of the outstanding Term Loans at any time. Prepayments made on or prior to the third anniversary of the date of the Loan Agreement will be subject to a prepayment fee equal to of the principal amount being prepaid. In addition, we paid a million facility charge upon closing and will pay additional facility charges in connection with any borrowing of the Tranche 2 Loan, Tranche 3 Loan or Tranche 4 Loan, in each case in the amount of of the amount of such tranche of loans. The Loan Agreement also provides for an end of term fee in an amount equal to the greater of approximately (i) million (which is of the maximum amount of the first tranche of loans) or (ii) of the aggregate principal amount of loan advances actually made under the Loan Agreement, which fee is due and payable on the earliest to occur of (i) the Maturity Date, (ii) the date we prepay the outstanding loans in full, and (iii) the date that the secured obligations become due and payable. Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets other than our intellectual property, but including proceeds from the sale, licensing or other disposition of our intellectual property. As part of the Loan Agreement, we are subject to certain negative covenants, which, among other things, prohibit us from selling, transferring, assigning, mortgaging, pledging, leasing, granting a security interest in or otherwise encumbering our intellectual property, subject to limited exceptions. million. Additionally, the Loan Agreement contains minimum cash requirements in the event of (i) any Corporate Collaborations (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or (ii) any cash payment in respect of permitted convertible debt subject to the satisfaction of the Redemption Conditions (as defined in the Loan Agreement). In addition, the Loan Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, dispositions, prepayment of other indebtedness, and dividends and other distributions, subject to certain exceptions. The Loan Agreement also contains events of default that are customary for financings of this type relating to, among other things, payment defaults, breach of covenants, material adverse effects, breach of representations and warranties, cross-default to material indebtedness, bankruptcy-related defaults, judgment defaults, breach of the financial covenants described above, and the occurrence of certain change of control events. Following an event of default and any applicable cure period, a default interest rate equal to the then-applicable interest rate plus may be applied to the outstanding principal balance, and the Lenders will have the right upon notice to terminate any undrawn commitments and may accelerate all amounts outstanding under the Loan Agreement, in addition to other remedies available to them as our secured c reditors. We were in compliance with all covenants of the Loan Agreement as of December 31, 2022. In addition, in connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement, we issued warrants to certain of the Lenders, or collectively, the Warrants, to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, or the Warrant Shares. The Warrants may be exercised through the earlier of (i) the seventh anniversary of November 2, 2022 and (ii) the consummation of certain acquisition transactions involving us, as set forth in the Warrants. The number of Warrant Shares for which the Warrants are exercisable and the associated exercise price are subject to certain customary proportional adjustments for fundamental events, including stock splits and reverse stock splits, as set forth in the Warrants. If we make additional draws on the Tranche 2 Loan, Tranche 3 Loan or Tranche 4 Loan, upon the funding of such additional tranches, the Warrants shall become exercisable for an additional aggregate number of shares of our common stock equal to of each drawn amount divided by the exercise price of per share. The initial tranche 1 borrowing of million and the warrants issued upon closing to purchase shares of our common stock are accounted for as freestanding debt and equity financial instruments, respectively, as they are legally detachable and separately exercisable. The additional borrowings available under the Tranche 1 Loan, Tranche 2 Loan, Tranche 3 Loan and Tranche 4 Loan plus the additional warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, which would be issued concurrently, are accounted for as a single freestanding financial instrument that are not assets or obligations of ours; this financial instrument meets the loan commitment derivative scope exception and will be accounted for when and if we borrow additional tranches in the future. In connection with the Loan Agreement, we recognized the initial issued warrants at their relative fair value of approximately million, and we incurred debt issuance costs of million, which were recorded as debt discounts. The fair value of the warrants, debt issuance costs and end of term fee are being amortized and accreted into interest expense using the effective interest rate method over the term of the loan. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total principal outstanding 

Less: unamortized discounts 
 
 () 

Long-term debt, net 

In November 2018, we entered into a loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, or the SVB Loan Agreement, providing for up to million in a series of term loans. Upon entering into the SVB Loan Agreement, we borrowed million, or the SVB Term Loan. . In May 2021, we paid million to repay all amounts owed under the SVB Term Loan, which included a final payment of million, representing of the SVB Term Loan which was being accrued through interest expense using the effective interest method, and a prepayment fee of . In accordance with ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments, we accounted for the transaction as an extinguishment of debt. Accordingly, we recorded a loss of approximately million, which is included in interest expense on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 written notice of termination or terminated by the University of Michigan upon a bankruptcy by us, payment failure by us that is not cured within or a material breach of the agreement by us that is not cured within . Janssen License Agreement In December 2014 , we entered into a license agreement with Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, or Janssen, which was amended in June 2016, under which we received certain intellectual property rights related to tipifarnib in all indications other than virology for a non-refundable million upfront license fee and payments upon achievement of certain development and sales-based milestones. Tipifarnib is a clinical-stage compound and all ongoing development, regulatory and commercial work will be completed fully and at our sole expense. The agreement will terminate upon the last-to-expire patent rights or last-to-expire royalty term, or may be terminated by us with days written notice of termination. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of material breach of the agreement that is not cured within days. Janssen may also terminate the agreement due to our lack of diligence that is not cured within a three-month period. Future Milestone Payments under License Agreements Collectively, all of our license agreements provide for specified development, regulatory and sales-based milestone payments up to a total of million payable upon occurrence of each stated event, of which million relates to the initiation of certain development activities, million relates to the achievement of specified regulatory approvals for the first indication and up to million relates to the achievement of specified levels of product sales. Additional payments will be due for each subsequent indication if specified regulatory approvals are achieved. As of December 31, 2022, we have paid milestone payments tot aling million u nder the above-mentioned license agreements. Furthermore, if all the programs are successfully commercialized, we will be required to pay tiered royalties on annual net product sales ranging from the low single digits to the low teens, depending on the volume of sales and the respective agreement. 

 operating leases for administrative and research and development office and lab space in San Diego, California and Boston, Massachusetts that expire between July 2024 and November 2025. Under the terms of the operating leases, we are required to pay our proportionate share of property taxes, insurance and normal maintenance costs. of our leases include renewal options for an additional , which were not included in the determination of the ROU asset or lease liability as the renewal was not reasonably certain at the inception of the lease. Our San Diego corporate headquarters lease and our San Diego lease for lab and office space provided for million and million, respectively, in reimbursements for allowable tenant improvements, which effectively reduced the total lease payments owed. Under the terms of our office lease in Boston, we are required to maintain a standby letter of credit of approximately million during the term of the lease. Additionally, we had other operating leases including a sublease with a related party for office space in San Diego, California and a lease for office space in Cambridge, Massachusetts that ended in 2020, and a sublease for lab space in San Diego that ended in August 2021. 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Total operating lease liabilities 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the weighted-average discount rate was for both periods, and the weighted-average remaining lease term was years and years, respectively. Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities, net of tenant improvement reimbursements, was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. Operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities were , million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Total operating lease expense was approximately million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We had also entered into short-term operating leases that expired in 2020. Total rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million in each year. Litigation From time to time, we may be involved in disputes, including litigation, relating to claims arising out of operations in the normal course of our business. Any of these claims could subject us to costly legal expenses and, while we generally believe that we have adequate insurance to cover many different types of liabilities, our insurance carriers may deny coverage or our policy limits may be inadequate to fully satisfy any damage awards or settlements. If this were to happen, the payment of any such awards could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Additionally, any such claims, whether or not successful, could damage our reputation and business. We currently are not a party to any legal proceedings, the adverse outcome of which, in management s opinion, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. 

 F- 17 

shares of our common stock at a purchase price of approximately per share, for gross proceeds of approximately million. In November 2022, in connection with the Loan Agreement, we issued warrants to certain of the Lenders to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, which are outstanding as of December 31, 2022. In February 2022, we terminated the Common Stock Sales Agreement with SVB Leerink LLC and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated and entered into a new Common Stock Sales Agreement with SVB Securities LLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., or the ATM Facility, under which we may offer and sell, from time to time, at our sole discretion, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million. We have not sold any shares of our common stock under the ATM Facility. In December 2020, we completed a public offering in which we sold an aggregate of shares of common stock at a price of per share. Net proceeds from the public offering, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were approximately million. In May 2020, we completed a public offering in which we sold an aggregate of shares of common stock at a price of per share. Net proceeds from the public offering, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses, were approximately million. In connection with the loan and security agreement with Oxford Finance LLC and Silicon Valley Bank in 2016, we issued a warrant to Oxford Finance LLC to purchase up to shares of our common stock at an exercise price of per share, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

 of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. In September 2022, our board of directors approved the amendment of our 2014 Plan, subject to approval by our stockholders at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to, among other things, increase the aggregate number of shares of our common stock that may be issued pursuant to stock awards by shares. On January 1, 2023, an automatic increase pursuant to the 2014 Plan occurred, resulting i n additional shares of common stock available for future grants under the 2014 Plan. We issue shares of common stock upon the exercise of options and vesting of restricted stock unit awards with the source of those shares of common stock being newly issued shares. As of December 31, 2022 , sh ares of common stock had been reserved for issuanc e, and sh ares of common stock were available for grant under the 2014 Plan. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In March 2015, our board of directors adopted the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP. The ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase our common stock at a discount through payroll deductions during defined offering periods. Eligible employees may elect to withhold up to of their base earnings to purchase shares of our common stock at a price equal to of the fair market value on the first day of the offering period or the purchase date, whichever is lower. The number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year through January 1, 2025 by the lesser of of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and shares of common stock, subject to the ability of our board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year. In December 2022, the compensation committee of our board of directors elected not to automatically increase the number of shares of our common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP in 202 3. As of December 31, 2022, we have issued s hares of common stock, and s hares of common stock are reserved for future issuance under the ESPP. Share-based compensation expense related to the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. Stock Options and Restricted Stock Unit Awards Stock Options The exercise price of all stock options granted was equal to the fair market value of such stock on the date of grant. Stock options generally vest over a period. The maximum contractual term for all stock options is . 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the above table is calculated as the difference between the closing price of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 of per share and the exercise price of stock options that had strike prices below the closing price. 

Intrinsic value of options exercised 

Weighted-average grant date fair value per share 

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to stock options was million, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of approximately years. Restricted Stock Unit Awards Restricted stock unit awards, or RSUs, are share awards that, upon vesting, will deliver to the holder shares of our common stock. We began issuing RSUs in 2021. The RSUs generally vest annually over . 

Granted 

Released 

() 

Canceled 

() 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized estimated compensation expense related to RSUs was million, which is expected to be recognized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service period of approximately years. Share-Based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total share-based compensation expense 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected term. The expected term of stock options represents the period that the stock options are expected to remain outstanding. Beginning in 2022, we determined our expected term assumption using our own historical exercise experience. In prior years, due to our limited historical exercise behavior, we determined the expected term assumption using the simplified method. The expected term of the ESPP stock purchase rights is six months, which represents the length of each purchase period. Expected volatility. Beginning in 2022, expected volatility for stock options was calculated based on our historical volatility. In prior years, due to our limited trading history, expected volatility was based, in part, on our historical volatility and the historical volatility of comparable publicly-traded companies. Expected volatility for the ESPP stock purchase rights is based on our historical volatility. Risk-free interest rate. The risk-free interest rates are based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon bonds with maturities similar to those of the expected term of the award being valued. Expected dividend yield. The expected dividend yield of zero reflects that we have not paid cash dividends since inception and do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

 The monthly rent expense was between to per month during the sublease term. Rent expense, including operating costs, related to the sublease for the year ended December 31, 2020 was approximately million. Management Fees 

 We have a management services agreement with Araxes pursuant to which Araxes pays us monthly fees for management services calculated based on costs incurred by us in the provision of services to Araxes, plus a reasonable mark-up. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded management fee income of approximate ly million each year, which is included in interest and other income, net on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. For the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, we did t record any reimbursements for research and development expenses provided to Araxes. Services Agreements 

 , plus actual expenses as reasonably incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not recognize any expense under this service agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2020 , we recognized approximately million from research and development services provided to us under this agreement as research and development expense on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss. We had a services agreement with ALG Partners, Inc., or ALG Partners, a recruiting and temporary staffing agency. Our chief operating officer is an immediate family member of the president of ALG Partners. There were related party expenses with ALG Partners for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, expenses recognized as related party transactions with ALG Partners were approximately million. 

 of the employee s compensation in 2022 and 2021 and in 2020 and prior years, not to exceed eligible limits. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we incurred approximately million, million and million, respectively, in expenses related to the safe harbor contribution. 

 F- 21 

t record a provision for income taxes due to a full valuation against our deferred taxes. for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, due to the following, in thousands: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income taxes at statutory federal rate 

() 

() 

() 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

Research and development tax credit carryforwards 

Section 174 capitalization 

Share-based compensation 

Accruals 

Other comprehensive income 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total gross deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of December 31, 2022 , we had federal net operating loss, or NOL, carryforwards of million, of which million can be carried forward indefinitely. The remaining federal net operating loss carryforwards of million will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had state loss carryforwards of million which will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized. We also have federal and state research and development credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The federal research and development credits will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized. Of the state research and development credits, million will carryforward indefinitely and approximately million will begin to expire in , unless previously utilized . We file tax returns as prescribed by the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our tax years since inception are subject to examination by the federal and state jurisdictions due to the carryforward of unutilized net operating losses and research and development credits. We have not been, nor are we currently, under examination by the federal or any state tax authority. Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use existing deferred tax assets. Based on the weight of the evidence, including our limited existence and losses since inception, management has determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized and therefore has recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred taxes. The valuation allowance increased by m illion from December 31, 2021. Pursuant to Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code, or IRC, annual use of our NOL or research and development credit carryforwards may be limited in the event a cumulative change in ownership of more than 50 occurs within a three-year period. We previously completed a study to assess whether an ownership change, as defined by IRC Section 382, had occurred from our formation through March 31, 2016. Based upon this study, we determined that an ownership change occurred but concluded the annual utilization limitation would be sufficient to utilize our pre-ownership change NOLs and research and development credits prior to expiration. We completed additional studies and concluded no further ownership changes occurred through December 31, 2021. We are currently in the process of completing a study for 2022, however, we do not expect any material limitations to the utilization of NOLs or research and development credits. Future ownership changes may limit our ability to utilize remaining tax attributes. Any carryforwards that will expire prior to utilization as a result of such additional limitations will be removed from deferred tax assets, with a corresponding reduction of the valuation allowance. In accordance with authoritative guidance, the impact of an uncertain income tax position is recognized at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Increases from tax positions taken in the current year 

Gross unrecognized tax benefits at the end of the year 

Our practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. There was accrued interest or penalties included on the balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and we have not recognized interest and penalties on the statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. We do not expect that there will be a significant change in the unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, future changes in our unrecognized tax benefits will not impact our effective tax rate. 

 F- 23 

<EX-4>
 2
 kura-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.3 
 
 THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 HEREOF, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 WARRANT AGREEMENT 
 To Purchase Shares of the Common Stock of 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Dated as of November 2, 2022 (the Effective Date 
 WHEREAS, Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has entered into a Loan and Security Agreement of even date herewith (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Loan Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation, in its capacity as administrative and collateral agent, [______], as a lender (the Warrantholder ), and the lenders parties thereto; 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Loan Agreement and as additional consideration to the Warrantholder for, among other things, its agreements in the Loan Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Warrantholder this Warrant Agreement, evidencing the right to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock (this Warrant , Warrant Agreement , or this Agreement ); 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Warrantholder having executed and delivered the Loan Agreement and provided the financial accommodations contemplated therein, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Company and Warrantholder agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. GRANT OF THE RIGHT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK. 
 (a) For value received, the Company hereby grants to the Warrantholder, and the Warrantholder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, to subscribe for and purchase, from the Company, up to the aggregate number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) as determined pursuant to Section 1(b) below, at a purchase price per share equal to the Exercise Price (as defined below). The number and Exercise Price of such shares are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Charter means the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as may be amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, as presently constituted under the Charter, and any class and/or series of Company 
 
 capital stock for or into which such common stock may be converted or exchanged in a reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction. 
 Exercise Price means 14.38, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 

Liquid Sale means the closing of a Merger Event in which the consideration received by the Company and/or its stockholders, as applicable, consists solely of cash and/or Marketable Securities. 
 Marketable Securities in connection with a Merger Event means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by the Warrantholder in connection with the Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and (iii) following the closing of such Merger Event, the Warrantholder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares and/or other securities that would be received by the Warrantholder in such Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Merger Event, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six months from the closing of such Merger Event. 
 Merger Event means any of the following: (i) a sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all assets of the Company, (ii) any merger or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are otherwise converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock or other securities or property of another entity, or (iii) any sale by holders of the outstanding voting equity securities of the Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions of shares constituting a majority of the outstanding combined voting power of the Company. 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any exercise of this Warrant, an amount equal to the then-effective Exercise Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock as to which this Warrant is then exercised. 
 Warrant Coverage means [0.375][0.3] times the greater of (i) the Tranche 1 Maximum Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or (ii) the aggregate amount of Term Loan Advances (as defined in the Loan Agreement) made under the Loan Agreement from time to time. 
 (b) Number of Shares . This Warrant shall be exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient derived by dividing (i) the Warrant Coverage by (ii) the Exercise Price, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 
 
 SECTION 2. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. 
 The term of this Agreement and the right to purchase Common Stock as granted herein shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to Section 8(a) below, shall be exercisable until 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the seventh anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. EXERCISE OF THE PURCHASE RIGHTS. 
 (a) Exercise . The purchase rights set forth in this Agreement are exercisable by the Warrantholder, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the expiration of the term set forth in Section 2, by tendering to the Company at its principal office a notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Notice of Exercise ), duly completed and executed. Promptly upon receipt of the Notice of Exercise and the payment of the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms set forth below, and in no event later than three business days thereafter, the Company or its transfer agent shall either (i) issue to the Warrantholder a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased or (ii) credit the same via book entry to the Warrantholder, and the Company shall execute the acknowledgment of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II (the Acknowledgment of Exercise indicating the number of shares which remain subject to future purchases under this Warrant, if any. 
 The Purchase Price may be paid at the Warrantholder s election either (i) by cash or check, or (ii) by surrender of all or a portion of the Warrant for shares of Common Stock to be exercised under this Agreement and, if applicable, an amended Agreement setting forth the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder, as determined below Net Issuance ). If the Warrantholder elects the Net Issuance method, the Company will issue shares of Common Stock in accordance with the following formula: 

X = Y(A-B) 
 A 

Where: 
 
 X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrantholder. 

Y = the number of shares of Common Stock requested to be exercised under this Agreement. 

A = the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock at the time of exercise of this Warrant. 

B = the then-effective Exercise Price. 

For purposes of the above calculation, the current fair market value of shares of Common Stock shall mean with respect to each share of Common Stock: 
 (i) at all times when the Common Stock is traded on a national securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter bulletin board service, the average of the closing prices over a five-day period ending three days before the day the current fair market value of the securities is being determined; 
 (ii) if the exercise is in connection with a Merger Event, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the per share value received by the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Merger Event as determined in accordance with the definitive transaction documents executed among the parties in connection therewith; or 
 (iii) in cases other than as described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the current fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 
 Upon partial exercise by either cash, check or Net Issuance, prior to the expiration or earlier termination hereof, the Company shall promptly issue an amended Agreement representing the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder. All other terms and conditions of such amended Agreement shall be identical to those contained herein, including, but not limited to the Effective Date hereof. 
 (b) Exercise Prior to Expiration . To the extent this Warrant is not previously exercised as to all shares of Common Stock subject hereto, and if the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, or, in the case of a Liquid Sale, where the value per share of Common Stock (as determined as of the closing of such Liquid Sale in accordance with the definitive agreements executed by the parties in connection with such Merger Event) to be paid to the holders thereof is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically exercised on a Net Issuance basis pursuant to Section 3(a) (even if not surrendered) as of immediately before its expiration determined in accordance with Section 2. For purposes of such automatic exercise, the fair market value of one share of Common Stock upon such expiration shall be determined pursuant to Section 3(a). To the extent this Warrant or any portion hereof is deemed automatically exercised pursuant to this Section 3(b), the Company agrees to promptly notify the Warrantholder of the number of shares of Common Stock if any, the Warrantholder is to receive by reason of such automatic exercise, and to issue or cause its transfer agent to issue a certificate or a book-entry credit to the Warrantholder evidencing such shares. 
 SECTION 4. RESERVATION OF SHARES. 
 During the term of this Agreement, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights to purchase Common Stock as provided for herein. If at any time during the term hereof the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to permit exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. 
 SECTION 5. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. 
 No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Agreement, but in lieu of such fractional shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor in an amount equal to the product of (a) the then fair market value of one share of Common Stock multiplied by (b) the fraction of a share. 

SECTION 6. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER. 
 Without limitation of any provision hereof, the Warrantholder agrees that this Agreement does not entitle the Warrantholder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise of any of the purchase rights set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 SECTION 7. WARRANTHOLDER REGISTRY. 
 The Company shall maintain a registry showing the name and address of the registered holder of this Agreement. The Warrantholder s initial address, for purposes of such registry, is set forth in Section 12(g) below. The Warrantholder may change such address by giving written notice of such changed address to the Company. 
 SECTION 8. ADJUSTMENT RIGHTS. 
 The Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment from time to time, as follows: 
 (a) Merger Event . In connection with a Merger Event that is a Liquid Sale, this Warrant shall, on and after the closing thereof, automatically and without further action on the part of any party or other person, represent the right to receive the consideration payable on or in respect of all shares of Common Stock that are issuable hereunder as of immediately prior to the closing of such Merger Event less the Purchase Price for all such shares of Common Stock (such consideration to include both the consideration payable at the closing of such Merger Event and all deferred consideration payable thereafter, if any, including, but not limited to, payments of amounts deposited at such closing into escrow and payments in the nature of earn-outs, milestone payments or other performance-based payments), and such Merger Event consideration shall be paid to the Warrantholder as and when it is paid to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. In connection with a Merger Event that is not a Liquid Sale, the Company shall cause the successor or surviving entity to assume this Warrant and the obligations of the Company hereunder on the closing thereof, and thereafter this Warrant shall be exercisable for the same number and type of securities or other property as the Warrantholder would have received in consideration for the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder had it exercised this Warrant in full as of immediately prior to such closing, at an aggregate Exercise Price no greater than the aggregate Exercise Price in effect as of immediately prior to such closing, and subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 8(a) shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 
 (b) Reclassification of Shares . Except for Merger Events subject to Section 8(a), if the Company at any time shall, by combination, reclassification, exchange or subdivision of securities or otherwise, change any of the securities as to which purchase rights under this Agreement exist into the same or a different number of securities of any other class or classes of securities, this Agreement shall thereafter represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities which were subject to the purchase rights under this Agreement immediately prior to such combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. The provisions of this Section 8(b) shall similarly apply to successive combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. 
 (c) Subdivision or Combination of Shares . If the Company at any time shall combine or subdivide its Common Stock, (i) in the case of a subdivision, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased, or (ii) in the case of a combination, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately decreased. 
 (d) Dividends . If the Company at any time while this Agreement is outstanding and unexpired shall: 
 (i) pay a dividend with respect to the Common Stock payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then the Exercise Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend, to that price determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such date of determination by a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such dividend or distribution, and (B) the denominator of which shall 

be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or distribution, and the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased; or 
 (ii) make any other dividend or distribution on or with respect to Common Stock, except any dividend or distribution specifically provided for in any other clause of this Section 8, then, in each such case, provision shall be made by the Company such that the Warrantholder shall receive upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant a proportionate share of any such dividend or distribution as though it were the holder of the Common Stock (or other stock for which the Common Stock is convertible) as of the record date fixed for the determination of the stockholders of the Company entitled to receive such dividend or distribution. 
 (e) Notice of Certain Events . If: (i) the Company shall declare any dividend or distribution upon its outstanding Common Stock, payable in stock, cash, property or other securities (provided that the Warrantholder in its capacity as lender under the Loan Agreement consents to such dividend); (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights; (iii) there shall be any Merger Event; or (iv) there shall be any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder notice thereof at the same time and in the same manner as it gives notice thereof to the holders of outstanding Common Stock. In addition, if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities of any other class or classes of securities of the Company for which this Warrant is then exercisable) outstanding is reduced such that the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall exceed five percent (5 of the then outstanding class of such securities, then, within three (3) business days of such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder written notice thereof. 
 SECTION 9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 
 (a) Reservation of Common Stock . The Company covenants and agrees that all shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free of any taxes, liens, charges or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever; provided, that the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may be subject to restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws. The Company has made available to the Warrantholder true, correct and complete copies of its Charter and bylaws currently in effect. The issuance of certificates or book-entry credit for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Warrantholder for any issuance tax in respect thereof, or other cost incurred by the Company in connection with such exercise and related issuance of shares of Common Stock; provided, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer and the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the Warrantholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that the Company will, at all times during the term hereof, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. 
 (b) Due Authority . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder, including the issuance to the Warrantholder of the right to acquire the shares of Common Stock, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement: (i) does not violate the Charter or the Company s current bylaws; (ii) does not contravene any law or governmental rule, regulation or order applicable to the Company; and (iii) does not and will not contravene any material provision of, or constitute a material default under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, fraudulent conveyance laws) and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 (c) Consents and Approvals . No consent or approval of, giving of notice to, registration with, or taking of any other action in respect of any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency is required on the part of the Company with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under this 

Agreement, except for the filing of notices pursuant to Regulation D under the Act and any filing required by applicable state securities law, which filings will be effective by the time required thereby. 
 (d) Exempt Transaction . Subject to the accuracy of the Warrantholder s representations in Section 10, the issuance of the Common Stock upon exercise of this Agreement will constitute a transaction exempt from (i) the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Act, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and (ii) the qualification requirements of the applicable state securities laws. 
 (e) Information Rights . At all times (if any) prior to the earlier to occur of (x) the date on which all shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant have been sold, or (y) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, when the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or shall not have timely filed all such required reports, the Warrantholder shall be entitled to the information rights contained in Section 7.1(b) of the Loan Agreement; provided that the confidentiality provisions contained in Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement shall apply to any information received under this section, and in any such event Section 7.1(b) and Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference as though fully set forth herein, provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver a Compliance Certificate once all Indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement) owed by the Company to Warrantholder has been repaid. 
 (f) Rule 144 Compliance . The Company shall, at all times prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the date of sale or other disposition by Warrantholder of this Warrant or all shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant, or (ii) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant if the Warrant has not been exercised in full or in part on such date, use all commercially reasonable efforts to timely file all reports required under the Exchange Act and otherwise timely take all actions necessary to permit the Warrantholder to sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issued on exercise hereof pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Act Rule 144 ), provided that the foregoing shall not apply in the event of a Merger Event following which the successor or surviving entity is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. If the Warrantholder proposes to sell Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Agreement in compliance with Rule 144, then, upon the Warrantholder s written request to the Company, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder, within five (5) business days after receipt of such request, a written statement confirming the Company s compliance with the filing and other requirements of Rule 144. 
 SECTION 10. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE WARRANTHOLDER. 
 This Agreement has been entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of the Warrantholder: 
 (a) Investment Purpose . This Warrant and the shares issued on exercise hereof will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of applicable federal and state securities laws, and the Warrantholder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 
 (b) Private Issue . The Warrantholder understands that (i) the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Agreement is not, as of the Effective Date, registered under the Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws on the grounds that the issuance contemplated by this Agreement will be exempt from the registration and qualifications requirements thereof, and (ii) the Company s reliance on exemption from such registration is predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 10. 
 (c) Financial Risk . The Warrantholder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 
 (d) Accredited Investor . The Warrantholder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Act, as presently in effect Regulation D ). 

(e) No Short Sales . The Warrantholder has not at any time on or prior to the Effective Date engaged in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. Warrantholder agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date and on or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, it shall not engage in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. 
 SECTION 11. TRANSFERS. 
 Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Agreement and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, without charge to the holder hereof (except for transfer taxes) upon surrender of this Agreement properly endorsed; provided, that as long as no Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) has occurred and is continuing, the holder hereof may not, without the Company s prior written consent, transfer this Agreement or any portion hereof, or any shares issued upon any exercise hereof, to any person or entity who directly competes with the Company (as reasonably determined by Agent upon consultation with Company), it being acknowledged that in all cases, any transfer to an affiliate of the holder hereof shall be allowed. Each taker and holder of this Agreement, by taking or holding the same, consents and agrees that this Agreement, when endorsed in blank, shall be deemed negotiable, and that the holder hereof, when this Agreement shall have been so endorsed and its transfer recorded on the Company s books, shall be treated by the Company and all other persons dealing with this Agreement as the absolute owner hereof for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented by this Agreement. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 11, the transfer of this Agreement shall be recorded on the books of the Company upon receipt by the Company of a notice of transfer in the form attached hereto as Exhibit III (the Transfer Notice ), at its principal offices and the payment to the Company of all transfer taxes and other governmental charges imposed on such transfer. Until the Company receives such Transfer Notice, the Company may treat the registered owner hereof as the owner for all purposes. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any legend to the contrary, the Company shall not require an opinion of counsel in connection with any sale, assignment or other transfer by the Warrantholder of this Warrant (or any portion hereof or any interest herein) or of any shares of Common Stock issued upon any exercise hereof to an affiliate (as defined in Regulation D) of the Warrantholder, provided that such affiliate is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D. 
 SECTION 12. TAX TREATMENT. 
 Capitalized terms used in this Section 12 but not defined in this Warrant shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. The Warrantholder and the Company acknowledge and agree that (a) this Warrant (and other warrants issued contemporaneously by the Company (collectively, the Warrants )) and the Loans (and any notes executed and delivered in connection therewith) are intended to be treated as an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and (b) the issue price for the interest in any Term Loan Advance held by each Lender and any note issued in connection therewith, shall take into account the fair market value of the Warrants acquired by such Lender on the date of such Term Loan Advance (including for such purpose, any increase in the Warrant Coverage pursuant to any Warrant as a result of such additional Term Loan Advance) as reasonably determined by the Borrower. Each of the Warrantholder and the Company shall prepare and file all federal income tax returns on a basis consistent with the foregoing. 
 SECTION 13. MISCELLANEOUS. 
 (a) Effective Date . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if it had been executed and delivered by the Company on the date hereof. This Agreement shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company. 
 (b) Remedies . In the event of any default hereunder, the non-defaulting party may proceed to protect and enforce its rights either by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including but not limited to an action for damages as a result of any such default, and/or an action for specific performance for any default where the Warrantholder will not have an adequate remedy at law and where damages will not be readily ascertainable. 
 (c) No Impairment of Rights . The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Warrantholder against impairment. 

(d) Additional Documents . In the event the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company agrees to supply such other documents as the Warrantholder may from time to time reasonably request to value this Warrant for Warrantholder s accounting or reporting requirements and/or to evaluate whether to exercise (in cash or a net issuance basis) this Warrant. 
 
 (e) Attorneys Fees . In any litigation, arbitration or court proceeding between the Company and the Warrantholder relating hereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses and all costs of proceedings incurred in enforcing this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 12(e), attorneys fees shall include without limitation fees incurred in connection with the following: (i) contempt proceedings; (ii) discovery; (iii) any motion, proceeding or other activity of any kind in connection with an insolvency proceeding; (iv) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (v) post-judgment motions and proceedings of any kind, including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any judgment. 
 (f) Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a mutually acceptable valid, legal and enforceable provision, which comes closest to the intention of the parties underlying the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 
 (g) Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration, service of process or other communication that is required, contemplated, or permitted under this Agreement or with respect to the subject matter hereof shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, delivered, and received upon the earlier of: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by email if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt, and shall be addressed to the party to be notified as follows: 
 If to the Warrantholder: 
 [_______________] 
 Legal Department 
 Attention: Chief Legal Officer 
 400 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 310 
 Palo Alto, CA 94301 
 Email: legal@htgc.com 
 Telephone: 650-289-3060 
 With a copy to: 
 LATHAM WATKINS LLP 
 Attention: Haim Zaltzman 
 505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000 
 San Francisco, CA 94111 
 Email: 
 Telephone: 
 If to the Company: 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Attention: Teresa Bair 
 12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400 
 San Diego, CA 92130 
 Email: 
 Telephone: 
 With a copy to: 
 COOLEY LLP 
 Attention: Charles Bair 
 10265 Science Center Dr. 

San Diego, CA 92121 
 Email: 
 Telephone: 
 or to such other address as each party may designate for itself by like notice. 
 (h) Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces in their entirety any prior proposals, term sheets, letters, negotiations or other documents or agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. None of the terms of this Agreement may be amended except by an instrument executed by each of the parties hereto. 
 (i) Headings . The various headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provisions hereof. 
 (j) Advice of Counsel . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed (or had an opportunity to discuss) with its counsel this Agreement and, specifically, the provisions of Sections 12(n), 12(o), 12(p), 12(q) and 12(r). 
 (k) No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 
 (l) No Waiver . No omission or delay by the Warrantholder at any time to enforce any right or remedy reserved to it, or to require performance of any of the terms, covenants or provisions hereof by the Company at any time designated, shall be a waiver of any such right or remedy to which the Warrantholder is entitled, nor shall it in any way affect the right of the Warrantholder to enforce such provisions thereafter during the term of this Agreement. 
 (m) Survival . All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of the Warrantholder and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the expiration or other termination of this Agreement. 
 (n) Governing Law . This Agreement has been negotiated and delivered to the Warrantholder in the State of California, and shall be deemed to have been accepted by the Warrantholder in the State of California. Delivery of Common Stock to the Warrantholder by the Company under this Agreement is due in the State of California. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws principles that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 
 (o) Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue . All judicial proceedings arising in or under or related to this Agreement may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of California. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto generally and unconditionally: (i) consents to personal jurisdiction in Santa Clara County, State of California; (ii) waives any objection as to jurisdiction or venue in Santa Clara County, State of California; (iii) agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in the aforesaid courts; and (iv) irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Service of process on any party hereto in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if given in accordance with the requirements for notice set forth in Section 12(g), and shall be deemed effective and received as set forth in Section 12(g). Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of either party to bring proceedings in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 
 (p) Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial . Because disputes arising in connection with complex financial transactions are most quickly and economically resolved by an experienced and expert person and the parties wish applicable state and federal laws to apply (rather than arbitration rules), the parties desire that their disputes arising under or in connection with this Warrant be resolved by a judge applying such applicable laws. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE WARRANTHOLDER SPECIFICALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY 

OF ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, THIRD PARTY CLAIM OR ANY OTHER CLAIM (COLLECTIVELY, CLAIMS ASSERTED BY THE COMPANY AGAINST THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR BY THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE AGAINST THE COMPANY RELATING TO THIS WARRANT. This waiver extends to all such Claims, including Claims that involve persons or entities other the Company and the Warrantholder; Claims that arise out of or are in any way connected to the relationship between the Company and the Warrantholder; and any Claims for damages, breach of contract, specific performance, or any equitable or legal relief of any kind, arising out of this Agreement. 
 (q) Arbitration . If the Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial set forth in Section 12(p) is ineffective or unenforceable, the parties agree that all Claims shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS (the Rules ), such arbitration to occur before one arbitrator, which arbitrator shall be a retired California state judge or a retired Federal court judge. Such proceeding shall be conducted in Santa Clara County, State of California, with California rules of evidence and discovery applicable to such arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding on the parties, and shall be final and nonappealable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction and enforced by the prevailing party as a final judgment of such court. 
 (r) Pre-arbitration Relief . In the event Claims are to be resolved by arbitration, either party may seek from a court of competent jurisdiction identified in Section 12(o), any prejudgment order, writ or other relief and have such prejudgment order, writ or other relief enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law notwithstanding that all Claims are otherwise subject to resolution by binding arbitration. 
 (s) Counterparts . This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic delivery (PDF)), and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 
 
 (t) Specific Performance . The parties hereto hereby declare that it is impossible to measure in money the damages which will accrue to the Warrantholder by reason of the Company s failure to perform any of the obligations under this Agreement and agree that the terms of this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable by the Warrantholder. If the Warrantholder institutes any action or proceeding to specifically enforce the provisions hereof, any person against whom such action or proceeding is brought hereby waives the claim or defense therein that the Warrantholder has an adequate remedy at law, and such person shall not offer in any such action or proceeding the claim or defense that such remedy at law exists. 
 (u) Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company may, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute an original contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. 
 (v) Legends . To the extent required by applicable laws, this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder (and the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of such shares of Common Stock, if any) may be imprinted with a restricted securities legend in substantially the following form: 
 THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 2, 2022, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND KURA ONCOLOGY, INC., AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the Effective Date. 

COMPANY: 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

WARRANTHOLDER: 

[____________] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Signature Page to Warrant Agreement 

EXHIBIT I 
 NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 To: [____________________________] 

(1) 
 The undersigned Warrantholder hereby elects to purchase [_______] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement dated November 2, 2022 (the Warrant Agreement between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, and tenders herewith payment of the Purchase Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. [NET ISSUANCE: elects pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Warrant Agreement to effect a Net Issuance.] 

(2) 
 Please issue a certificate or certificates or book-entry credit(s) representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below. 

(Name) 

(Address) 

WARRANTHOLDER: 

[____________] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT II 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF EXERCISE 
 The undersigned, Kura Oncology, Inc., hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice of Exercise from [__________] to purchase [____] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement by and between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, dated November 2, 2022 (the Agreement ), and further acknowledges that [______] shares remain subject to purchase under the terms of the Agreement. 

COMPANY: 

KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

Date: 

EXHIBIT III 
 TRANSFER NOTICE 
 (To transfer or assign the foregoing Agreement execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Agreement and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby transferred and assigned to 

______________________________________________________________________ 

(Please Print) 

whose address is________________________________________________________ 

______________________________________________________________________ 

Dated: 

Holder s Signature: 

Holder s Address: 

__________________________________________ 

Signature Guaranteed:__________________________________________________________ 

</EX-4>

<EX-4>
 3
 kura-ex4_4.htm
 EX-4.4

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.4 
 
 THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 HEREOF, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED WARRANT AGREEMENT 
 To Purchase Shares of the Common Stock of 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Dated as of November 29, 2022 
 
 WHEREAS, this Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement (this Warrant , Warrant Agreement , or this Agreement amends and restates the Warrant Agreement, dated November 2, 2022, by and between Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company and Hercules Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the Warrantholder ), to purchase shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Prior Warrant ), and the Prior Warrant is superseded and replaced by this Agreement in all respects; 
 WHEREAS, the Company has entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 2, 2022 (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), with the Warrantholder, in its capacity as administrative and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto; 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Loan Agreement and as additional consideration to the Warrantholder for, among other things, its agreements in the Loan Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Warrantholder this Warrant Agreement, evidencing the right to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Company and Warrantholder agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. GRANT OF THE RIGHT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK. 

(a) For value received, the Company hereby grants to the Warrantholder, and the Warrantholder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, to subscribe for and purchase, from the Company, up to the aggregate number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) as determined pursuant to Section 1(b) below, at a purchase price per share equal to the Exercise Price (as defined below). The number 

1 

and Exercise Price of such shares are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Charter means the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as may be amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, as presently constituted under the Charter, and any class and/or series of Company capital stock for or into which such common stock may be converted or exchanged in a reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction. 
 Effective Date means November 2, 2022. 
 Exercise Price means 14.38, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 
 Liquid Sale means the closing of a Merger Event in which the consideration received by the Company and/or its stockholders, as applicable, consists solely of cash and/or Marketable Securities. 
 Marketable Securities in connection with a Merger Event means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by the Warrantholder in connection with the Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and (iii) following the closing of such Merger Event, the Warrantholder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares and/or other securities that would be received by the Warrantholder in such Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Merger Event, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six months from the closing of such Merger Event. 
 Merger Event means any of the following: (i) a sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all assets of the Company, (ii) any merger or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are otherwise converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock or other securities or property of another entity, or (iii) any sale by holders of the outstanding voting equity securities of the Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions of shares constituting a majority of the outstanding combined voting power of the Company. 
 2 

Purchase Price means, with respect to any exercise of this Warrant, an amount equal to the then-effective Exercise Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock as to which this Warrant is then exercised. 
 Warrant Coverage means (a) 0.825 times the greater of (i) the Tranche 1 Maximum Amount (as defined in the Loan Agreement) or (ii) the aggregate amount of Term Loan Advances (as defined in the Loan Agreement) made under the Loan Agreement from time to time, minus (b) 82,500 (which amount being deducted in this clause (b), for the avoidance of doubt, reflects the warrant coverage amount transferred to Hercules Capital IV, L.P. on November 29, 2022 pursuant to that certain Warrant Agreement by and between Hercules Capital IV, L.P. and the Company). 
 (b) Number of Shares . This Warrant shall be exercisable for a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the quotient derived by dividing (i) the Warrant Coverage by (ii) the Exercise Price, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 

SECTION 2. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. 

The term of this Agreement and the right to purchase Common Stock as granted herein shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to Section 8(a) below, shall be exercisable until 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the seventh anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. EXERCISE OF THE PURCHASE RIGHTS. 

(a) Exercise . The purchase rights set forth in this Agreement are exercisable by the Warrantholder, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the expiration of the term set forth in Section 2, by tendering to the Company at its principal office a notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Notice of Exercise ), duly completed and executed. Promptly upon receipt of the Notice of Exercise and the payment of the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms set forth below, and in no event later than three business days thereafter, the Company or its transfer agent shall either (i) issue to the Warrantholder a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased or (ii) credit the same via book entry to the Warrantholder, and the Company shall execute the acknowledgment of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II (the Acknowledgment of Exercise indicating the number of shares which remain subject to future purchases under this Warrant, if any. 

The Purchase Price may be paid at the Warrantholder s election either (i) by cash or check, or (ii) by surrender of all or a portion of the Warrant for shares of Common Stock to be exercised under this Agreement and, if applicable, an amended Agreement setting forth the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder, as determined below Net Issuance ). If the Warrantholder elects the Net Issuance method, the Company will issue shares of Common Stock in accordance with the following formula: 
 X = Y(A-B) 
 3 

A 
 Where:	X =	the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrantholder. 
 Y =	the number of shares of Common Stock requested to be exercised under this Agreement. 
 A =	the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock at the time of exercise of this Warrant. 
 B =	the then-effective Exercise Price. 
 For purposes of the above calculation, the current fair market value of shares of Common Stock shall mean with respect to each share of Common Stock: 
 (i) at all times when the Common Stock is traded on a national securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter bulletin board service, the average of the closing prices over a five-day period ending three days before the day the current fair market value of the securities is being determined; 

(ii) if the exercise is in connection with a Merger Event, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the per share value received by the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Merger Event as determined in accordance with the definitive transaction documents executed among the parties in connection therewith; or 

(iii) in cases other than as described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the current fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Upon partial exercise by either cash, check or Net Issuance, prior to the expiration or earlier termination hereof, the Company shall promptly issue an amended Agreement representing the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder. All other terms and conditions of such amended Agreement shall be identical to those contained herein, including, but not limited to the Effective Date hereof. 
 (b) Exercise Prior to Expiration . To the extent this Warrant is not previously exercised as to all shares of Common Stock subject hereto, and if the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, or, in the case of a Liquid Sale, where the value per share of Common Stock (as determined as of the closing of such Liquid Sale in accordance with the definitive agreements executed by the parties in connection with such Merger Event) to be paid to the holders thereof is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically exercised on a Net Issuance basis pursuant to Section 3(a) (even if not surrendered) as of immediately before its expiration determined in accordance with Section 2. For purposes of such automatic exercise, the fair market value of one 

4 

share of Common Stock upon such expiration shall be determined pursuant to Section 3(a). To the extent this Warrant or any portion hereof is deemed automatically exercised pursuant to this Section 3(b), the Company agrees to promptly notify the Warrantholder of the number of shares of Common Stock if any, the Warrantholder is to receive by reason of such automatic exercise, and to issue or cause its transfer agent to issue a certificate or a book-entry credit to the Warrantholder evidencing such shares. 

SECTION 4. RESERVATION OF SHARES. 

During the term of this Agreement, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights to purchase Common Stock as provided for herein. If at any time during the term hereof the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to permit exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. 
 SECTION 5. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. 

No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Agreement, but in lieu of such fractional shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor in an amount equal to the product of (a) the then fair market value of one share of Common Stock multiplied by (b) the fraction of a share. 
 SECTION 6. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER. 

Without limitation of any provision hereof, the Warrantholder agrees that this Agreement does not entitle the Warrantholder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise of any of the purchase rights set forth in this Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. WARRANTHOLDER REGISTRY. 

The Company shall maintain a registry showing the name and address of the registered holder of this Agreement. The Warrantholder s initial address, for purposes of such registry, is set forth in Section 12(g) below. The Warrantholder may change such address by giving written notice of such changed address to the Company. 
 SECTION 8. ADJUSTMENT RIGHTS. 

The Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment from time to time, as follows: 
 (a) Merger Event . In connection with a Merger Event that is a Liquid Sale, this Warrant shall, on and after the closing thereof, automatically and without further action on the part of any party or other person, represent the right to receive the consideration payable on or in respect 

5 

of all shares of Common Stock that are issuable hereunder as of immediately prior to the closing of such Merger Event less the Purchase Price for all such shares of Common Stock (such consideration to include both the consideration payable at the closing of such Merger Event and all deferred consideration payable thereafter, if any, including, but not limited to, payments of amounts deposited at such closing into escrow and payments in the nature of earn-outs, milestone payments or other performance-based payments), and such Merger Event consideration shall be paid to the Warrantholder as and when it is paid to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. In connection with a Merger Event that is not a Liquid Sale, the Company shall cause the successor or surviving entity to assume this Warrant and the obligations of the Company hereunder on the closing thereof, and thereafter this Warrant shall be exercisable for the same number and type of securities or other property as the Warrantholder would have received in consideration for the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder had it exercised this Warrant in full as of immediately prior to such closing, at an aggregate Exercise Price no greater than the aggregate Exercise Price in effect as of immediately prior to such closing, and subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 8(a) shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 

(b) Reclassification of Shares . Except for Merger Events subject to Section 8(a), if the Company at any time shall, by combination, reclassification, exchange or subdivision of securities or otherwise, change any of the securities as to which purchase rights under this Agreement exist into the same or a different number of securities of any other class or classes of securities, this Agreement shall thereafter represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities which were subject to the purchase rights under this Agreement immediately prior to such combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. The provisions of this Section 8(b) shall similarly apply to successive combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. 

(c) Subdivision or Combination of Shares . If the Company at any time shall combine or subdivide its Common Stock, (i) in the case of a subdivision, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased, or (ii) in the case of a combination, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately decreased. 

(d) Dividends . If the Company at any time while this Agreement is outstanding and unexpired shall: 

(i) pay a dividend with respect to the Common Stock payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then the Exercise Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend, to that price determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such date of determination by a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such dividend or distribution, and (B) the denominator of which 

6 

shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or distribution, and the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased; or 

(ii) make any other dividend or distribution on or with respect to Common Stock, except any dividend or distribution specifically provided for in any other clause of this Section 8, then, in each such case, provision shall be made by the Company such that the Warrantholder shall receive upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant a proportionate share of any such dividend or distribution as though it were the holder of the Common Stock (or other stock for which the Common Stock is convertible) as of the record date fixed for the determination of the stockholders of the Company entitled to receive such dividend or distribution. 

(e) Notice of Certain Events . If: (i) the Company shall declare any dividend or distribution upon its outstanding Common Stock, payable in stock, cash, property or other securities (provided that the Warrantholder in its capacity as lender under the Loan Agreement consents to such dividend); (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights; (iii) there shall be any Merger Event; or (iv) there shall be any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder notice thereof at the same time and in the same manner as it gives notice thereof to the holders of outstanding Common Stock. In addition, if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities of any other class or classes of securities of the Company for which this Warrant is then exercisable) outstanding is reduced such that the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall exceed five percent (5 of the then outstanding class of such securities, then, within three (3) business days of such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder written notice thereof. 

SECTION 9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 

(a) Reservation of Common Stock . The Company covenants and agrees that all shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free of any taxes, liens, charges or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever; provided, that the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may be subject to restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws. The Company has made available to the Warrantholder true, correct and complete copies of its Charter and bylaws currently in effect. The issuance of certificates or book-entry credit for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Warrantholder for any issuance tax in respect thereof, or other cost incurred by the Company in connection with such exercise and related issuance of shares of Common Stock; provided, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer and the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the Warrantholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that the Company will, at all times during the term hereof, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a 

7 

sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. 

(b) Due Authority . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder, including the issuance to the Warrantholder of the right to acquire the shares of Common Stock, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement: (i) does not violate the Charter or the Company s current bylaws; (ii) does not contravene any law or governmental rule, regulation or order applicable to the Company; and (iii) does not and will not contravene any material provision of, or constitute a material default under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, fraudulent conveyance laws) and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(c) Consents and Approvals . No consent or approval of, giving of notice to, registration with, or taking of any other action in respect of any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency is required on the part of the Company with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, except for the filing of notices pursuant to Regulation D under the Act and any filing required by applicable state securities law, which filings will be effective by the time required thereby. 

(d) Exempt Transaction . Subject to the accuracy of the Warrantholder s representations in Section 10, the issuance of the Common Stock upon exercise of this Agreement will constitute a transaction exempt from (i) the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Act, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and (ii) the qualification requirements of the applicable state securities laws. 

(e) Information Rights . At all times (if any) prior to the earlier to occur of (x) the date on which all shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant have been sold, or (y) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, when the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or shall not have timely filed all such required reports, the Warrantholder shall be entitled to the information rights contained in Section 7.1(b) of the Loan Agreement; provided that the confidentiality provisions contained in Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement shall apply to any information received under this section, and in any such event Section 7.1(b) and Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference as though fully set forth herein, provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver a Compliance Certificate once all Indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement) owed by the Company to Warrantholder has been repaid. 

(f) Rule 144 Compliance . The Company shall, at all times prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the date of sale or other disposition by Warrantholder of this Warrant or all shares of 

8 

Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant, or (ii) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant if the Warrant has not been exercised in full or in part on such date, use all commercially reasonable efforts to timely file all reports required under the Exchange Act and otherwise timely take all actions necessary to permit the Warrantholder to sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issued on exercise hereof pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Act Rule 144 ), provided that the foregoing shall not apply in the event of a Merger Event following which the successor or surviving entity is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. If the Warrantholder proposes to sell Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of this Agreement in compliance with Rule 144, then, upon the Warrantholder s written request to the Company, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder, within five (5) business days after receipt of such request, a written statement confirming the Company s compliance with the filing and other requirements of Rule 144. 

SECTION 10. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE WARRANTHOLDER. 

This Agreement has been entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of the Warrantholder: 
 (a) Investment Purpose . This Warrant and the shares issued on exercise hereof will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of applicable federal and state securities laws, and the Warrantholder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private Issue . The Warrantholder understands that (i) the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Agreement is not, as of the Effective Date, registered under the Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws on the grounds that the issuance contemplated by this Agreement will be exempt from the registration and qualifications requirements thereof, and (ii) the Company s reliance on exemption from such registration is predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 10. 

(c) Financial Risk . The Warrantholder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

(d) Accredited Investor . The Warrantholder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Act, as presently in effect Regulation D ). 

(e) No Short Sales . The Warrantholder has not at any time on or prior to the Effective Date engaged in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. Warrantholder agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date and on or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, it shall not engage in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. 

9 

SECTION 11. TRANSFERS. 

Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Agreement and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, without charge to the holder hereof (except for transfer taxes) upon surrender of this Agreement properly endorsed; provided, that as long as no Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) has occurred and is continuing, the holder hereof may not, without the Company s prior written consent, transfer this Agreement or any portion hereof, or any shares issued upon any exercise hereof, to any person or entity who directly competes with the Company (as reasonably determined by Agent upon consultation with Company), it being acknowledged that in all cases, any transfer to an affiliate of the holder hereof shall be allowed. Each taker and holder of this Agreement, by taking or holding the same, consents and agrees that this Agreement, when endorsed in blank, shall be deemed negotiable, and that the holder hereof, when this Agreement shall have been so endorsed and its transfer recorded on the Company s books, shall be treated by the Company and all other persons dealing with this Agreement as the absolute owner hereof for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented by this Agreement. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 11, the transfer of this Agreement shall be recorded on the books of the Company upon receipt by the Company of a notice of transfer in the form attached hereto as Exhibit III (the Transfer Notice ), at its principal offices and the payment to the Company of all transfer taxes and other governmental charges imposed on such transfer. Until the Company receives such Transfer Notice, the Company may treat the registered owner hereof as the owner for all purposes. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any legend to the contrary, the Company shall not require an opinion of counsel in connection with any sale, assignment or other transfer by the Warrantholder of this Warrant (or any portion hereof or any interest herein) or of any shares of Common Stock issued upon any exercise hereof to an affiliate (as defined in Regulation D) of the Warrantholder, provided that such affiliate is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D. 
 SECTION 12. TAX TREATMENT. 

Capitalized terms used in this Section 12 but not defined in this Warrant shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. The Warrantholder and the Company acknowledge and agree that (a) this Warrant (and other warrants issued contemporaneously by the Company (collectively, the Warrants )) and the Loans (and any notes executed and delivered in connection therewith) are intended to be treated as an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and (b) the issue price for the interest in any Term Loan Advance held by each Lender and any note issued in connection therewith, shall take into account the fair market value of the Warrants acquired by such Lender on the date of such Term Loan Advance (including for such purpose, any increase in the Warrant Coverage pursuant to any Warrant as a result of such additional Term Loan Advance) as reasonably determined by the Borrower. Each of the Warrantholder and the Company shall prepare and file all federal income tax returns on a basis consistent with the foregoing. 
 SECTION 13. MISCELLANEOUS. 

10 

(a) Effective Date . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if it had been executed and delivered by the Company on the Effective Date. This Agreement shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company. 

(b) Remedies . In the event of any default hereunder, the non-defaulting party may proceed to protect and enforce its rights either by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including but not limited to an action for damages as a result of any such default, and/or an action for specific performance for any default where the Warrantholder will not have an adequate remedy at law and where damages will not be readily ascertainable. 

(c) No Impairment of Rights . The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Warrantholder against impairment. 

(d) Additional Documents . In the event the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company agrees to supply such other documents as the Warrantholder may from time to time reasonably request to value this Warrant for Warrantholder s accounting or reporting requirements and/or to evaluate whether to exercise (in cash or a net issuance basis) this Warrant. 

(e) Attorneys Fees . In any litigation, arbitration or court proceeding between the Company and the Warrantholder relating hereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses and all costs of proceedings incurred in enforcing this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 12(e), attorneys fees shall include without limitation fees incurred in connection with the following: (i) contempt proceedings; (ii) discovery; (iii) any motion, proceeding or other activity of any kind in connection with an insolvency proceeding; (iv) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (v) post-judgment motions and proceedings of any kind, including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any judgment. 

(f) Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a mutually acceptable valid, legal and enforceable provision, which comes closest to the intention of the parties underlying the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 

(g) Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration, service of process or other communication that is required, contemplated, or permitted under this Agreement or with respect to the subject matter hereof shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, delivered, and received upon the earlier of: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by email if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or 

11 

(iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt, and shall be addressed to the party to be notified as follows: 

If to the Warrantholder: 
 HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. Legal Department Attention: Chief Legal Officer 400 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 310 Palo Alto, CA 94301 Email: legal@htgc.com Telephone: 650-289-3060 
 With a copy to: 
 LATHAM WATKINS LLP Attention: Haim Zaltzman 505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000 San Francisco, CA 94111 Email: haim.zaltzman@lw.com Telephone: 415-395-8870 
 If to the Company: 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. Attention: Teresa Bair 12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400 San Diego, CA 92130 Email: tbair@kuraoncology.com Telephone: 858-500-8800 
 With a copy to: 
 COOLEY LLP Attention: Charles Bair 10265 Science Center Dr. San Diego, CA 92121 Email: cbair@cooley.com Telephone: (858) 550 6142 
 or to such other address as each party may designate for itself by like notice. 
 (h) Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof, and 

12 

supersedes and replaces in their entirety any prior proposals, term sheets, letters, negotiations or other documents or agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. None of the terms of this Agreement may be amended except by an instrument executed by each of the parties hereto. 

(i) Headings . The various headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provisions hereof. 

(j) Advice of Counsel . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed (or had an opportunity to discuss) with its counsel this Agreement and, specifically, the provisions of Sections 12(n), 12(o), 12(p), 12(q) and 12(r). 

(k) No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

(l) No Waiver . No omission or delay by the Warrantholder at any time to enforce any right or remedy reserved to it, or to require performance of any of the terms, covenants or provisions hereof by the Company at any time designated, shall be a waiver of any such right or remedy to which the Warrantholder is entitled, nor shall it in any way affect the right of the Warrantholder to enforce such provisions thereafter during the term of this Agreement. 

(m) Survival . All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of the Warrantholder and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the expiration or other termination of this Agreement. 

(n) Governing Law . This Agreement has been negotiated and delivered to the Warrantholder in the State of California, and shall be deemed to have been accepted by the Warrantholder in the State of California. Delivery of Common Stock to the Warrantholder by the Company under this Agreement is due in the State of California. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws principles that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(o) Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue . All judicial proceedings arising in or under or related to this Agreement may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of California. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto generally and unconditionally: (i) consents to personal jurisdiction in Santa Clara County, State of California; (ii) waives any objection as to jurisdiction or venue in Santa Clara County, State of California; (iii) agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in the aforesaid courts; and (iv) irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Service of process on any party hereto in any action arising out 

13 

of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if given in accordance with the requirements for notice set forth in Section 12(g), and shall be deemed effective and received as set forth in Section 12(g). Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of either party to bring proceedings in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 

(p) Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial . Because disputes arising in connection with complex financial transactions are most quickly and economically resolved by an experienced and expert person and the parties wish applicable state and federal laws to apply (rather than arbitration rules), the parties desire that their disputes arising under or in connection with this Warrant be resolved by a judge applying such applicable laws. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE WARRANTHOLDER SPECIFICALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, THIRD PARTY CLAIM OR ANY OTHER CLAIM (COLLECTIVELY, CLAIMS ASSERTED BY THE COMPANY AGAINST THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR BY THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE AGAINST THE COMPANY RELATING TO THIS WARRANT. This waiver extends to all such Claims, including Claims that involve persons or entities other the Company and the Warrantholder; Claims that arise out of or are in any way connected to the relationship between the Company and the Warrantholder; and any Claims for damages, breach of contract, specific performance, or any equitable or legal relief of any kind, arising out of this Agreement. 

(q) Arbitration . If the Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial set forth in Section 12(p) is ineffective or unenforceable, the parties agree that all Claims shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS (the Rules ), such arbitration to occur before one arbitrator, which arbitrator shall be a retired California state judge or a retired Federal court judge. Such proceeding shall be conducted in Santa Clara County, State of California, with California rules of evidence and discovery applicable to such arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding on the parties, and shall be final and nonappealable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction and enforced by the prevailing party as a final judgment of such court. 

(r) Pre-arbitration Relief . In the event Claims are to be resolved by arbitration, either party may seek from a court of competent jurisdiction identified in Section 12(o), any prejudgment order, writ or other relief and have such prejudgment order, writ or other relief enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law notwithstanding that all Claims are otherwise subject to resolution by binding arbitration. 

(s) Counterparts . This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic delivery (PDF)), and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

14 

(t) Specific Performance . The parties hereto hereby declare that it is impossible to measure in money the damages which will accrue to the Warrantholder by reason of the Company s failure to perform any of the obligations under this Agreement and agree that the terms of this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable by the Warrantholder. If the Warrantholder institutes any action or proceeding to specifically enforce the provisions hereof, any person against whom such action or proceeding is brought hereby waives the claim or defense therein that the Warrantholder has an adequate remedy at law, and such person shall not offer in any such action or proceeding the claim or defense that such remedy at law exists. 

(u) Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company may, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute an original contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. 

(v) Legends . To the extent required by applicable laws, this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder (and the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of such shares of Common Stock, if any) may be imprinted with a restricted securities legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED WARRANT AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 29, 2022, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND KURA ONCOLOGY, INC., AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date set forth above. 
 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 	/s/ Troy E. Wilson	 Name: Troy Wilson Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 
 By: 		 Name: Seth Meyer Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date set forth above. 
 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 		 Name: Troy Wilson Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 
 By: 	/s/ Seth Meyer	 Name: Seth Meyer Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement 

EXHIBIT I 
 NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 To:	[____________________________] 
 (1)	The undersigned Warrantholder hereby elects to purchase [	] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement dated November 29, 2022 (the Warrant Agreement between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, and tenders herewith payment of the Purchase Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. [NET ISSUANCE: elects pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Warrant Agreement to effect a Net Issuance.] 
 (2)	Please issue a certificate or certificates or book-entry credit(s) representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below. 
 
 	 (Name) 
 	 (Address) 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 
 By: 	 	 Name: 	 	 Title:	 	 
 Date:	 	 

18 

EXHIBIT II 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF EXERCISE 
 The undersigned, Kura Oncology, Inc., hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice of Exercise from Hercules Capital, Inc. to purchase [ ] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement by and between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, dated November 29, 2022 (the Agreement ), and further acknowledges that [ ] shares remain subject to purchase under the terms of the Agreement. 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 	 	 Name: 	 	 Title:	 	 
 Date:	 	 

19 

EXHIBIT III 
 TRANSFER NOTICE 
 (To transfer or assign the foregoing Agreement execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Agreement and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby transferred and assigned to 
 	 (Please Print) 
 whose address is 	 
 	 
 Dated: 	 
 Holder s Signature: 	 
 Holder s Address: 	 
 Signature Guaranteed: 	 

20 

</EX-4>

<EX-4>
 4
 kura-ex4_5.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.5 
 
 THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE HEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED, OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 HEREOF, AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT, OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 WARRANT AGREEMENT 
 To Purchase Shares of the Common Stock of 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 Dated as of November 29, 2022 
 WHEREAS, Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), has entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, dated November 2, 2022 (as amended and in effect from time to time, the Loan Agreement ), with Hercules Capital, Inc., a Maryland corporation, in its capacity as administrative and collateral agent, Hercules Capital IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, as a lender (the Warrantholder ), and the other lenders party thereto; 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Loan Agreement and as additional consideration to the Warrantholder for, among other things, its agreements in the Loan Agreement, the Company has agreed to issue to the Warrantholder this Warrant Agreement, evidencing the right to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock (this Warrant , Warrant Agreement , or this Agreement ); 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the Warrantholder having executed and delivered the Loan Agreement and provided the financial accommodations contemplated therein, and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Company and Warrantholder agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. GRANT OF THE RIGHT TO PURCHASE COMMON STOCK. 

(a) For value received, the Company hereby grants to the Warrantholder, and the Warrantholder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth, to subscribe for and purchase, from the Company, up to the aggregate number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (as defined below) as determined pursuant to Section 1(b) below, at a purchase price per share equal to the Exercise Price (as defined below). The number and Exercise Price of such shares are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8. As used herein, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

1 

Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Charter means the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as may be amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Common Stock means the Company s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, as presently constituted under the Charter, and any class and/or series of Company capital stock for or into which such common stock may be converted or exchanged in a reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction. 
 Effective Date means November 2, 2022. 
 Exercise Price means 14.38, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 
 Liquid Sale means the closing of a Merger Event in which the consideration received by the Company and/or its stockholders, as applicable, consists solely of cash and/or Marketable Securities. 
 Marketable Securities in connection with a Merger Event means securities meeting all of the following requirements: (i) the issuer thereof is then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and is then current in its filing of all required reports and other information under the Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) the class and series of shares or other security of the issuer that would be received by the Warrantholder in connection with the Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant on or prior to the closing thereof is then traded on a national securities exchange or over-the-counter market, and (iii) following the closing of such Merger Event, the Warrantholder would not be restricted from publicly re-selling all of the issuer s shares and/or other securities that would be received by the Warrantholder in such Merger Event were the Warrantholder to exercise this Warrant in full on or prior to the closing of such Merger Event, except to the extent that any such restriction (x) arises solely under federal or state securities laws, rules or regulations, and (y) does not extend beyond six months from the closing of such Merger Event. 
 Merger Event means any of the following: (i) a sale, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all assets of the Company, (ii) any merger or consolidation involving the Company in which the Company is not the surviving entity or in which the outstanding shares of the Company s capital stock are otherwise converted into or exchanged for shares of capital stock or other securities or property of another entity, or (iii) any sale by holders of the outstanding voting equity securities of the Company in a single transaction or series of related transactions of shares constituting a majority of the outstanding combined voting power of the Company. 
 2 

Purchase Price means, with respect to any exercise of this Warrant, an amount equal to the then-effective Exercise Price multiplied by the number of shares of Common Stock as to which this Warrant is then exercised. 
 (b) Number of Shares . This Warrant shall be exercisable for 5,737 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. 

SECTION 2. TERM OF THE AGREEMENT. 

The term of this Agreement and the right to purchase Common Stock as granted herein shall commence on the Effective Date and, subject to Section 8(a) below, shall be exercisable until 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) on the seventh anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 3. EXERCISE OF THE PURCHASE RIGHTS. 

(a) Exercise . The purchase rights set forth in this Agreement are exercisable by the Warrantholder, in whole or in part, at any time, or from time to time, prior to the expiration of the term set forth in Section 2, by tendering to the Company at its principal office a notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I (the Notice of Exercise ), duly completed and executed. Promptly upon receipt of the Notice of Exercise and the payment of the Purchase Price in accordance with the terms set forth below, and in no event later than three business days thereafter, the Company or its transfer agent shall either (i) issue to the Warrantholder a certificate for the number of shares of Common Stock purchased or (ii) credit the same via book entry to the Warrantholder, and the Company shall execute the acknowledgment of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit II (the Acknowledgment of Exercise indicating the number of shares which remain subject to future purchases under this Warrant, if any. 

The Purchase Price may be paid at the Warrantholder s election either (i) by cash or check, or (ii) by surrender of all or a portion of the Warrant for shares of Common Stock to be exercised under this Agreement and, if applicable, an amended Agreement setting forth the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder, as determined below Net Issuance ). If the Warrantholder elects the Net Issuance method, the Company will issue shares of Common Stock in accordance with the following formula: 
 X = Y(A-B) 
 A 
 Where:	X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Warrantholder. 
 Y =	the number of shares of Common Stock requested to be exercised under this Agreement. 
 A =	the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock at the time of exercise of this Warrant. 
 3 

B =	the then-effective Exercise Price. 
 For purposes of the above calculation, the current fair market value of shares of Common Stock shall mean with respect to each share of Common Stock: 
 (i) at all times when the Common Stock is traded on a national securities exchange, inter-dealer quotation system or over-the-counter bulletin board service, the average of the closing prices over a five-day period ending three days before the day the current fair market value of the securities is being determined; 

(ii) if the exercise is in connection with a Merger Event, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be deemed to be the per share value received by the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Merger Event as determined in accordance with the definitive transaction documents executed among the parties in connection therewith; or 

(iii) in cases other than as described in the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), the current fair market value of a share of Common Stock shall be determined in good faith by the Company s Board of Directors. 

Upon partial exercise by either cash, check or Net Issuance, prior to the expiration or earlier termination hereof, the Company shall promptly issue an amended Agreement representing the remaining number of shares purchasable hereunder. All other terms and conditions of such amended Agreement shall be identical to those contained herein, including, but not limited to the Effective Date hereof. 
 (b) Exercise Prior to Expiration . To the extent this Warrant is not previously exercised as to all shares of Common Stock subject hereto, and if the then-current fair market value of one share of Common Stock is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, or, in the case of a Liquid Sale, where the value per share of Common Stock (as determined as of the closing of such Liquid Sale in accordance with the definitive agreements executed by the parties in connection with such Merger Event) to be paid to the holders thereof is greater than the Exercise Price then in effect, this Agreement shall be deemed automatically exercised on a Net Issuance basis pursuant to Section 3(a) (even if not surrendered) as of immediately before its expiration determined in accordance with Section 2. For purposes of such automatic exercise, the fair market value of one share of Common Stock upon such expiration shall be determined pursuant to Section 3(a). To the extent this Warrant or any portion hereof is deemed automatically exercised pursuant to this Section 3(b), the Company agrees to promptly notify the Warrantholder of the number of shares of Common Stock if any, the Warrantholder is to receive by reason of such automatic exercise, and to issue or cause its transfer agent to issue a certificate or a book-entry credit to the Warrantholder evidencing such shares. 

SECTION 4. RESERVATION OF SHARES. 

4 

During the term of this Agreement, the Company will at all times have authorized and reserved a sufficient number of shares of its Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights to purchase Common Stock as provided for herein. If at any time during the term hereof the number of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient to permit exercise of this Warrant in full, the Company will take such corporate action as may, in the opinion of its counsel, be necessary to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purposes. 
 SECTION 5. NO FRACTIONAL SHARES OR SCRIP. 

No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise of this Agreement, but in lieu of such fractional shares the Company shall make a cash payment therefor in an amount equal to the product of (a) the then fair market value of one share of Common Stock multiplied by (b) the fraction of a share. 
 SECTION 6. NO RIGHTS AS STOCKHOLDER. 

Without limitation of any provision hereof, the Warrantholder agrees that this Agreement does not entitle the Warrantholder to any voting rights or other rights as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise of any of the purchase rights set forth in this Agreement. 
 SECTION 7. WARRANTHOLDER REGISTRY. 

The Company shall maintain a registry showing the name and address of the registered holder of this Agreement. The Warrantholder s initial address, for purposes of such registry, is set forth in Section 12(g) below. The Warrantholder may change such address by giving written notice of such changed address to the Company. 
 SECTION 8. ADJUSTMENT RIGHTS. 

The Exercise Price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable hereunder are subject to adjustment from time to time, as follows: 
 (a) Merger Event . In connection with a Merger Event that is a Liquid Sale, this Warrant shall, on and after the closing thereof, automatically and without further action on the part of any party or other person, represent the right to receive the consideration payable on or in respect of all shares of Common Stock that are issuable hereunder as of immediately prior to the closing of such Merger Event less the Purchase Price for all such shares of Common Stock (such consideration to include both the consideration payable at the closing of such Merger Event and all deferred consideration payable thereafter, if any, including, but not limited to, payments of amounts deposited at such closing into escrow and payments in the nature of earn-outs, milestone payments or other performance-based payments), and such Merger Event consideration shall be paid to the Warrantholder as and when it is paid to the holders of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. In connection with a Merger Event that is not a Liquid Sale, the Company shall cause the successor or surviving entity to assume this Warrant and the obligations of the Company 

5 

hereunder on the closing thereof, and thereafter this Warrant shall be exercisable for the same number and type of securities or other property as the Warrantholder would have received in consideration for the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder had it exercised this Warrant in full as of immediately prior to such closing, at an aggregate Exercise Price no greater than the aggregate Exercise Price in effect as of immediately prior to such closing, and subject to further adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this Warrant. The provisions of this Section 8(a) shall similarly apply to successive Merger Events. 

(b) Reclassification of Shares . Except for Merger Events subject to Section 8(a), if the Company at any time shall, by combination, reclassification, exchange or subdivision of securities or otherwise, change any of the securities as to which purchase rights under this Agreement exist into the same or a different number of securities of any other class or classes of securities, this Agreement shall thereafter represent the right to acquire such number and kind of securities as would have been issuable as the result of such change with respect to the securities which were subject to the purchase rights under this Agreement immediately prior to such combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. The provisions of this Section 8(b) shall similarly apply to successive combination, reclassification, exchange, subdivision or other change. 

(c) Subdivision or Combination of Shares . If the Company at any time shall combine or subdivide its Common Stock, (i) in the case of a subdivision, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately decreased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased, or (ii) in the case of a combination, the Exercise Price shall be proportionately increased and the number of shares for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately decreased. 

(d) Dividends . If the Company at any time while this Agreement is outstanding and unexpired shall: 

(i) pay a dividend with respect to the Common Stock payable in additional shares of Common Stock, then the Exercise Price shall be adjusted, from and after the date of determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend, to that price determined by multiplying the Exercise Price in effect immediately prior to such date of determination by a fraction (A) the numerator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to such dividend or distribution, and (B) the denominator of which shall be the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such dividend or distribution, and the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable shall be proportionately increased; or 

(ii) make any other dividend or distribution on or with respect to Common Stock, except any dividend or distribution specifically provided for in any other clause of this Section 8, then, in each such case, provision shall be made by the Company such that the Warrantholder shall receive upon exercise or conversion of this Warrant a proportionate share of any such dividend or distribution as though it were the holder of the Common Stock (or other stock 

6 

for which the Common Stock is convertible) as of the record date fixed for the determination of the stockholders of the Company entitled to receive such dividend or distribution. 

(e) Notice of Certain Events . If: (i) the Company shall declare any dividend or distribution upon its outstanding Common Stock, payable in stock, cash, property or other securities (provided that the Warrantholder in its capacity as lender under the Loan Agreement consents to such dividend); (ii) the Company shall offer for subscription pro rata to the holders of its Common Stock any additional shares of stock of any class or other rights; (iii) there shall be any Merger Event; or (iv) there shall be any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company; then, in connection with each such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder notice thereof at the same time and in the same manner as it gives notice thereof to the holders of outstanding Common Stock. In addition, if at any time the number of shares of Common Stock (or other securities of any other class or classes of securities of the Company for which this Warrant is then exercisable) outstanding is reduced such that the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall exceed five percent (5 of the then outstanding class of such securities, then, within three (3) business days of such event, the Company shall give the Warrantholder written notice thereof. 

SECTION 9. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY. 

(a) Reservation of Common Stock . The Company covenants and agrees that all shares of Common Stock that may be issued upon the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant will, upon issuance, be validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and will be free of any taxes, liens, charges or encumbrances of any nature whatsoever; provided, that the Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement may be subject to restrictions on transfer under state and/or federal securities laws. The Company has made available to the Warrantholder true, correct and complete copies of its Charter and bylaws currently in effect. The issuance of certificates or book-entry credit for shares of Common Stock upon exercise of this Warrant shall be made without charge to the Warrantholder for any issuance tax in respect thereof, or other cost incurred by the Company in connection with such exercise and related issuance of shares of Common Stock; provided, that the Company shall not be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect of any transfer and the issuance and delivery of any certificate in a name other than that of the Warrantholder. The Company further covenants and agrees that the Company will, at all times during the term hereof, have authorized and reserved, free from preemptive rights, a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock to provide for the exercise of the rights represented by this Warrant. 

(b) Due Authority . The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the performance of all obligations of the Company hereunder, including the issuance to the Warrantholder of the right to acquire the shares of Common Stock, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. This Agreement: (i) does not violate the Charter or the Company s current bylaws; (ii) does not contravene any law or governmental rule, regulation or order applicable to the Company; and (iii) does not and will not 

7 

contravene any material provision of, or constitute a material default under, any indenture, mortgage, contract or other instrument to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws relating to or affecting creditors rights generally (including, without limitation, fraudulent conveyance laws) and by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 

(c) Consents and Approvals . No consent or approval of, giving of notice to, registration with, or taking of any other action in respect of any state, federal or other governmental authority or agency is required on the part of the Company with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of its obligations under this Agreement, except for the filing of notices pursuant to Regulation D under the Act and any filing required by applicable state securities law, which filings will be effective by the time required thereby. 

(d) Exempt Transaction . Subject to the accuracy of the Warrantholder s representations in Section 10, the issuance of the Common Stock upon exercise of this Agreement will constitute a transaction exempt from (i) the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Act, in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) thereof, and (ii) the qualification requirements of the applicable state securities laws. 

(e) Information Rights . At all times (if any) prior to the earlier to occur of (x) the date on which all shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant have been sold, or (y) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, when the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or shall not have timely filed all such required reports, the Warrantholder shall be entitled to the information rights contained in Section 7.1(b) of the Loan Agreement; provided that the confidentiality provisions contained in Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement shall apply to any information received under this section, and in any such event Section 7.1(b) and Section 11.13 of the Loan Agreement are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference as though fully set forth herein, provided, however, that the Company shall not be required to deliver a Compliance Certificate once all Indebtedness (as defined in the Loan Agreement) owed by the Company to Warrantholder has been repaid. 

(f) Rule 144 Compliance . The Company shall, at all times prior to the earlier to occur of (i) the date of sale or other disposition by Warrantholder of this Warrant or all shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of this Warrant, or (ii) the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant if the Warrant has not been exercised in full or in part on such date, use all commercially reasonable efforts to timely file all reports required under the Exchange Act and otherwise timely take all actions necessary to permit the Warrantholder to sell or otherwise dispose of this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issued on exercise hereof pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Act Rule 144 ), provided that the foregoing shall not apply in the event of a Merger Event following which the successor or surviving entity is not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. If the Warrantholder proposes to sell Common Stock issuable 

8 

upon the exercise of this Agreement in compliance with Rule 144, then, upon the Warrantholder s written request to the Company, the Company shall furnish to the Warrantholder, within five (5) business days after receipt of such request, a written statement confirming the Company s compliance with the filing and other requirements of Rule 144. 

SECTION 10. REPRESENTATIONS AND COVENANTS OF THE WARRANTHOLDER. 

This Agreement has been entered into by the Company in reliance upon the following representations and covenants of the Warrantholder: 
 (a) Investment Purpose . This Warrant and the shares issued on exercise hereof will be acquired for investment and not with a view to the sale or distribution of any part thereof in violation of applicable federal and state securities laws, and the Warrantholder has no present intention of selling or engaging in any public distribution of the same except pursuant to a registration or exemption. 

(b) Private Issue . The Warrantholder understands that (i) the Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Agreement is not, as of the Effective Date, registered under the Act or qualified under applicable state securities laws on the grounds that the issuance contemplated by this Agreement will be exempt from the registration and qualifications requirements thereof, and (ii) the Company s reliance on exemption from such registration is predicated on the representations set forth in this Section 10. 

(c) Financial Risk . The Warrantholder has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of its investment, and has the ability to bear the economic risks of its investment. 

(d) Accredited Investor . The Warrantholder is an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D promulgated under the Act, as presently in effect Regulation D ). 

(e) No Short Sales . The Warrantholder has not at any time on or prior to the Effective Date engaged in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. Warrantholder agrees that at all times from and after the Effective Date and on or before the expiration or earlier termination of this Warrant, it shall not engage in any short sales or equivalent transactions in the Common Stock. 

SECTION 11. TRANSFERS. 

Subject to compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws, this Agreement and all rights hereunder are transferable, in whole or in part, without charge to the holder hereof (except for transfer taxes) upon surrender of this Agreement properly endorsed; provided, that as long as no Event of Default (as defined in the Loan Agreement) has occurred and is continuing, the holder hereof may not, without the Company s prior written consent, transfer 
 9 

this Agreement or any portion hereof, or any shares issued upon any exercise hereof, to any person or entity who directly competes with the Company (as reasonably determined by Agent upon consultation with Company), it being acknowledged that in all cases, any transfer to an affiliate of the holder hereof shall be allowed. Each taker and holder of this Agreement, by taking or holding the same, consents and agrees that this Agreement, when endorsed in blank, shall be deemed negotiable, and that the holder hereof, when this Agreement shall have been so endorsed and its transfer recorded on the Company s books, shall be treated by the Company and all other persons dealing with this Agreement as the absolute owner hereof for any purpose and as the person entitled to exercise the rights represented by this Agreement. Subject to the first sentence of this Section 11, the transfer of this Agreement shall be recorded on the books of the Company upon receipt by the Company of a notice of transfer in the form attached hereto as Exhibit III (the Transfer Notice ), at its principal offices and the payment to the Company of all transfer taxes and other governmental charges imposed on such transfer. Until the Company receives such Transfer Notice, the Company may treat the registered owner hereof as the owner for all purposes. Notwithstanding anything herein or in any legend to the contrary, the Company shall not require an opinion of counsel in connection with any sale, assignment or other transfer by the Warrantholder of this Warrant (or any portion hereof or any interest herein) or of any shares of Common Stock issued upon any exercise hereof to an affiliate (as defined in Regulation D) of the Warrantholder, provided that such affiliate is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D. 
 SECTION 12. TAX TREATMENT. 

Capitalized terms used in this Section 12 but not defined in this Warrant shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Loan Agreement. The Warrantholder and the Company acknowledge and agree that (a) this Warrant (and other warrants issued contemporaneously by the Company (collectively, the Warrants )) and the Loans (and any notes executed and delivered in connection therewith) are intended to be treated as an investment unit within the meaning of Section 1273(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and (b) the issue price for the interest in any Term Loan Advance held by each Lender and any note issued in connection therewith, shall take into account the fair market value of the Warrants acquired by such Lender on the date of such Term Loan Advance (including for such purpose, any increase in the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable pursuant to any Warrant as a result of such additional Term Loan Advance) as reasonably determined by the Borrower. Each of the Warrantholder and the Company shall prepare and file all federal income tax returns on a basis consistent with the foregoing. 
 SECTION 13. MISCELLANEOUS. 

(a) Effective Date . The provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and shall be given effect in all respects as if it had been executed and delivered by the Company on the Effective Date. This Agreement shall be binding upon any successors or assigns of the Company. 

(b) Remedies . In the event of any default hereunder, the non-defaulting party may proceed to protect and enforce its rights either by suit in equity and/or by action at law, including but not limited to an action for damages as a result of any such default, and/or an action for specific 

10 

performance for any default where the Warrantholder will not have an adequate remedy at law and where damages will not be readily ascertainable. 

(c) No Impairment of Rights . The Company will not, by amendment of its Charter or through any other means, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of this Agreement, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate in order to protect the rights of the Warrantholder against impairment. 

(d) Additional Documents . In the event the Company shall not be required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the Company agrees to supply such other documents as the Warrantholder may from time to time reasonably request to value this Warrant for Warrantholder s accounting or reporting requirements and/or to evaluate whether to exercise (in cash or a net issuance basis) this Warrant. 

(e) Attorneys Fees . In any litigation, arbitration or court proceeding between the Company and the Warrantholder relating hereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses and all costs of proceedings incurred in enforcing this Agreement. For the purposes of this Section 12(e), attorneys fees shall include without limitation fees incurred in connection with the following: (i) contempt proceedings; (ii) discovery; (iii) any motion, proceeding or other activity of any kind in connection with an insolvency proceeding; (iv) garnishment, levy, and debtor and third party examinations; and (v) post-judgment motions and proceedings of any kind, including without limitation any activity taken to collect or enforce any judgment. 

(f) Severability . In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired, and the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be replaced by a mutually acceptable valid, legal and enforceable provision, which comes closest to the intention of the parties underlying the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision. 

(g) Notices . Except as otherwise provided herein, any notice, demand, request, consent, approval, declaration, service of process or other communication that is required, contemplated, or permitted under this Agreement or with respect to the subject matter hereof shall be in writing, and shall be deemed to have been validly served, given, delivered, and received upon the earlier of: (i) personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by email if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and if not, then on the next business day, (iii) five days after having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of receipt, and shall be addressed to the party to be notified as follows: 

If to the Warrantholder: 
 11 

HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. Legal Department Attention: Chief Legal Officer 400 Hamilton Avenue, Suite 310 Palo Alto, CA 94301 Email: legal@htgc.com Telephone: 650-289-3060 
 With a copy to: 
 LATHAM WATKINS LLP Attention: Haim Zaltzman 505 Montgomery Street, Suite 2000 San Francisco, CA 94111 Email: haim.zaltzman@lw.com Telephone: 415-395-8870 
 If to the Company: 
 KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. Attention: Teresa Bair 12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400 San Diego, CA 92130 Email: tbair@kuraoncology.com Telephone: 858-500-8800 
 With a copy to: 
 COOLEY LLP Attention: Charles Bair 10265 Science Center Dr. San Diego, CA 92121 Email: cbair@cooley.com Telephone: (858) 550 6142 
 or to such other address as each party may designate for itself by like notice. 
 (h) Entire Agreement; Amendments . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto in respect of the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces in their entirety any prior proposals, term sheets, letters, negotiations or other documents or agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. None of the terms of this Agreement may be amended except by an instrument executed by each of the parties hereto. 

12 

(i) Headings . The various headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any provisions hereof. 

(j) Advice of Counsel . Each of the parties represents to each other party hereto that it has discussed (or had an opportunity to discuss) with its counsel this Agreement and, specifically, the provisions of Sections 12(n), 12(o), 12(p), 12(q) and 12(r). 

(k) No Strict Construction . The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

(l) No Waiver . No omission or delay by the Warrantholder at any time to enforce any right or remedy reserved to it, or to require performance of any of the terms, covenants or provisions hereof by the Company at any time designated, shall be a waiver of any such right or remedy to which the Warrantholder is entitled, nor shall it in any way affect the right of the Warrantholder to enforce such provisions thereafter during the term of this Agreement. 

(m) Survival . All agreements, representations and warranties contained in this 

Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant hereto shall be for the benefit of the Warrantholder and shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the expiration or other termination of this Agreement. 
 (n) Governing Law . This Agreement has been negotiated and delivered to the Warrantholder in the State of California, and shall be deemed to have been accepted by the Warrantholder in the State of California. Delivery of Common Stock to the Warrantholder by the Company under this Agreement is due in the State of California. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, excluding conflict of laws principles that would cause the application of laws of any other jurisdiction. 

(o) Consent to Jurisdiction and Venue . All judicial proceedings arising in or under or related to this Agreement may be brought in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of California. By execution and delivery of this Agreement, each party hereto generally and unconditionally: (i) consents to personal jurisdiction in Santa Clara County, State of California; (ii) waives any objection as to jurisdiction or venue in Santa Clara County, State of California; (iii) agrees not to assert any defense based on lack of jurisdiction or venue in the aforesaid courts; and (iv) irrevocably agrees to be bound by any judgment rendered thereby in connection with this Agreement. Service of process on any party hereto in any action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be effective if given in accordance with the requirements for notice set forth in Section 12(g), and shall be deemed effective and received as set forth in Section 12(g). Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right of either party to bring proceedings in the courts of any other jurisdiction. 

13 

(p) Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial . Because disputes arising in connection with complex financial transactions are most quickly and economically resolved by an experienced and expert person and the parties wish applicable state and federal laws to apply (rather than arbitration rules), the parties desire that their disputes arising under or in connection with this Warrant be resolved by a judge applying such applicable laws. EACH OF THE COMPANY AND THE WARRANTHOLDER SPECIFICALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, CLAIM, CROSS-CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, THIRD PARTY CLAIM OR ANY OTHER CLAIM (COLLECTIVELY, CLAIMS ASSERTED BY THE COMPANY AGAINST THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE OR BY THE WARRANTHOLDER OR ITS ASSIGNEE AGAINST THE COMPANY RELATING TO THIS WARRANT. This waiver extends to all such Claims, including Claims that involve persons or entities other the Company and the Warrantholder; Claims that arise out of or are in any way connected to the relationship between the Company and the Warrantholder; and any Claims for damages, breach of contract, specific performance, or any equitable or legal relief of any kind, arising out of this Agreement. 

(q) Arbitration . If the Mutual Waiver of Jury Trial set forth in Section 12(p) is ineffective or unenforceable, the parties agree that all Claims shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS (the Rules ), such arbitration to occur before one arbitrator, which arbitrator shall be a retired California state judge or a retired Federal court judge. Such proceeding shall be conducted in Santa Clara County, State of California, with California rules of evidence and discovery applicable to such arbitration. The decision of the arbitrator shall be binding on the parties, and shall be final and nonappealable to the maximum extent permitted by law. Any judgment rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction and enforced by the prevailing party as a final judgment of such court. 

(r) Pre-arbitration Relief . In the event Claims are to be resolved by arbitration, either party may seek from a court of competent jurisdiction identified in Section 12(o), any prejudgment order, writ or other relief and have such prejudgment order, writ or other relief enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law notwithstanding that all Claims are otherwise subject to resolution by binding arbitration. 

(s) Counterparts . This Agreement and any amendments, waivers, consents or supplements hereto may be executed in any number of counterparts (including by facsimile or electronic delivery (PDF)), and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so delivered shall be deemed an original, but all of which counterparts shall constitute but one and the same instrument. 

(t) Specific Performance . The parties hereto hereby declare that it is impossible to measure in money the damages which will accrue to the Warrantholder by reason of the Company s failure to perform any of the obligations under this Agreement and agree that the terms of this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable by the Warrantholder. If the Warrantholder institutes any action or proceeding to specifically enforce the provisions hereof, any person against 

14 

whom such action or proceeding is brought hereby waives the claim or defense therein that the Warrantholder has an adequate remedy at law, and such person shall not offer in any such action or proceeding the claim or defense that such remedy at law exists. 

(u) Lost, Stolen, Mutilated or Destroyed Warrant . If this Warrant is lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed, the Company may, on such terms as to indemnity or otherwise as it may reasonably impose (which shall, in the case of a mutilated Warrant, include the surrender thereof), issue a new Warrant of like denomination and tenor as this Warrant so lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed. Any such new Warrant shall constitute an original contractual obligation of the Company, whether or not the allegedly lost, stolen, mutilated or destroyed Warrant shall be at any time enforceable by anyone. 

(v) Legends . To the extent required by applicable laws, this Warrant and the shares of Common Stock issuable hereunder (and the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion of such shares of Common Stock, if any) may be imprinted with a restricted securities legend in substantially the following form: 

THIS SECURITY HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE ACT ), OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION RELATED THERETO OR, SUBJECT TO SECTION 11 OF THE WARRANT AGREEMENT DATED NOVEMBER 29, 2022, BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND KURA ONCOLOGY, INC., AN OPINION OF COUNSEL (WHICH MAY BE COMPANY COUNSEL) REASONABLY SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
 [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] 

15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date set forth above. 
 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 	/s/ Troy E. Wilson	 Name: Troy Wilson Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 
 By: Hercules Technology SBIC Management, LLC, its General Partner 
 By: Hercules Capital, Inc., its Manager 
 By: 		 Name: Seth Meyer Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Warrant Agreement 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Warrant Agreement to be executed by its officers thereunto duly authorized as of the date set forth above. 
 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 		 Name: Troy Wilson Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL, INC. 
 By: Hercules Technology SBIC Management, LLC, its General Partner 
 By: Hercules Capital, Inc., its Manager 
 By: 	/s/ Seth Meyer	 Name: Seth Meyer Title: Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page to Warrant Agreement 

EXHIBIT I 
 NOTICE OF EXERCISE 
 To:	[____________________________] 
 (1)	The undersigned Warrantholder hereby elects to purchase [	] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement dated November 29, 2022 (the Warrant Agreement between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, and tenders herewith payment of the Purchase Price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. [NET ISSUANCE: elects pursuant to Section 3(a) of the Warrant Agreement to effect a Net Issuance.] 
 (2)	Please issue a certificate or certificates or book-entry credit(s) representing said shares of Common Stock in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below. 
 
 	 (Name) 
 	 (Address) 
 
 	WARRANTHOLDER:	HERCULES CAPITAL IV 
 By Hercules Technology SBIC Management, LLC, its General Partner 
 By: Hercules Capital, Inc. it Manager 
 By: 	 	 Name: 	 	 Title:	 	 
 Date:	 	 

18 

EXHIBIT II 
 ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF EXERCISE 
 The undersigned, Kura Oncology, Inc., hereby acknowledges receipt of the Notice of Exercise from Hercules Capital IV, L.P. to purchase [ ] shares of the Common Stock of Kura Oncology, Inc., pursuant to the terms of the Warrant Agreement by and between Kura Oncology, Inc. and the Warrantholder, dated November 29, 2022 (the Agreement ), and further acknowledges that [ ] shares remain subject to purchase under the terms of the Agreement. 
 	COMPANY:	KURA ONCOLOGY, INC. 
 By: 	 	 Name: 	 	 Title:	 	 
 Date:	 	 

19 

EXHIBIT III 
 TRANSFER NOTICE 
 (To transfer or assign the foregoing Agreement execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 
 FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Agreement and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby transferred and assigned to 
 	 (Please Print) 
 whose address is 	 
 	 
 Dated: 	 
 Holder s Signature: 	 
 Holder s Address: 	 
 Signature Guaranteed: 	 

20 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 5
 kura-ex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.1 
 
 K URA O NCOLOGY , I NC . 
 
 A MENDED AND R ESTATED 2014 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 A MENDED AND R ESTATED BY THE B OARD : M ARCH 6, 2015 
 A PPROVED BY THE S TOCKHOLDERS : M ARCH 6, 2015 
 
 1. G ENERAL . 
 (a) Eligible Award Recipients. Employees, Directors and Consultants are eligible to receive Awards. 
 (b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of the following Awards: (i) Incentive Stock Options, (ii) Nonstatutory Stock Options, (iii) Stock Appreciation Rights, (iv) Restricted Stock Awards, (v) Restricted Stock Unit Awards, (vi) Performance Stock Awards, (vii) Performance Cash Awards, and (viii) Other Stock Awards. 
 (c) Purpose. The Plan, through the grant of Awards, is intended to help the Company secure and retain the services of eligible award recipients, provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate, and provide a means by which the eligible recipients may benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock. 
 (d) History of the Plan. The plan was originally adopted by Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation Kura ). Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated March 6, 2015 (the Merger Agreement ), by and among Zeta Acquisition Corp. III (the Company ), Kura Operations, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub and Kura, Merger Sub merged with and into Kura, with Kura remaining as the surviving entity and a wholly-owned operating subsidiary of the Company (the Merger ). Effective as of the Effective Time of the Merger (as defined in the Merger Agreement) (the Amendment Date ), the Company assumed the Plan, and amended and restated the Plan (the Restated Plan . Immediately following the Merger, the Company changed its name from Zeta Acquisition Corp. III to Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 2. A DMINISTRATION . 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan. The Board may delegate administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in Section 2(c). 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan: 
 
 (i) To determine: (A) who will be granted Awards; (B) when and how each Award will be granted; (C) what type of Award will be granted; (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award; (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award; and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to a Stock Award. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement or in the written terms of a Performance Cash Award, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or the time at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued in settlement thereof). 
 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under the Participant s then-outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent, except as provided in subsection (viii) below. 
 (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to Incentive Stock Options and certain nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and/or bringing the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan into compliance with the requirements for Incentive Stock Options or ensuring that they are exempt from, or compliant with, the requirements for nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. If required by applicable law or listing requirements, and except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the Company will seek stockholder approval of any amendment of the Plan that (A) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (B) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, (C) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan, (D) materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be issued or purchased under the Plan, (E) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (F) materially expands the types of Awards available for issuance under the Plan. 
 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of the Plan will materially impair a Participant s rights under an outstanding Award without the Participant s written consent. 
 (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of (A) Section 162(m) of the Code regarding the exclusion of performance-based compensation from the limit on corporate deductibility of compensation paid to Covered Employees, (B) Section 422 of the Code regarding Incentive Stock Options or (C) Rule 16b-3. 
 (viii) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more Awards, including, but not limited to, amendments to provide terms more favorable to the Participant than previously provided in the Award Agreement, subject to any specified limits in the Plan that are not subject to Board discretion; provided, however, that a Participant s rights under any Award will not be impaired by any such amendment unless (A) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (B) such Participant consents in writing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (1) a Participant s rights will not be deemed to have been impaired by any such amendment if the Board, in its sole discretion, determines that the amendment, taken as a whole, does not materially impair the Participant s rights, and (2) subject to the limitations of applicable law, if any, the Board may amend the terms of any one or more Awards without the affected Participant s consent (A) to maintain the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (B) to change the terms of an Incentive Stock Option, if such change results in impairment of the Award solely because it impairs the qualified status of the Award as an Incentive Stock Option under Section 422 of the Code; (C) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code; or (D) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements. 
 (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
 (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees, Directors or Consultants who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States (provided that Board approval will not be necessary for immaterial modifications to the Plan or any Award Agreement that are required for compliance with the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction). 
 (xi) To effect, with the consent of any adversely affected Participant, (A) the reduction of the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Stock Award; (B) the cancellation of any outstanding Stock Award and the grant in substitution therefor of a new (1) Option or SAR, (2) Restricted Stock Award, (3) Restricted Stock Unit Award, (4) Other Stock Award, (5) cash and/or (6) other valuable consideration determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, with any such substituted award (x) covering the same or a different number of shares of Common Stock as the cancelled Stock Award and (y) granted under the Plan or another equity or compensatory plan of the Company; or (C) any other action that is treated as a repricing under generally accepted accounting principles. 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. 
 (i) General. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 (ii) Section 162(m) and Rule 16b-3 Compliance. The Committee may consist solely of two or more Outside Directors, in accordance with Section 162(m) of the Code, or solely of two or more Non-Employee Directors, in accordance with Rule 16b-3. 
 (d) Delegation to an Officer. The Board may delegate to one (1) or more Officers the authority to do one or both of the following: (i) designate Employees who are not Officers to be recipients of Options and SARs (and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, other Stock Awards) and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the terms of such Awards, and (ii) determine the number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to such Stock Awards granted to such Employees; provided, however , that the Board resolutions regarding such delegation will specify the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be subject to the Stock Awards granted by such Officer and that such Officer may not grant a Stock Award to himself or herself. Any such Stock Awards will be granted on the form of Stock Award Agreement most recently approved for use by the Committee or the Board, unless otherwise provided in the resolutions approving the delegation authority. The Board may not delegate authority to an Officer who is acting solely in the capacity of an Officer (and not also as a Director) to determine the Fair Market Value pursuant to Section 13(x)(iii) below. 
 (e) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 
 3. S HARES S UBJECT TO THE P LAN. 
 (a) Share Reserve. 
 (i) Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, and Section 3(a)(ii) regarding the annual increase, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Stock Awards will not exceed 5,975,000 shares (post-Merger) (the Share Reserve . 
 (ii) In addition, the Share Reserve will automatically increase on January 1 st of each year, for a period of not more than ten years from the date the Plan is approved by the stockholders of the Company, commencing on January 1st of the year following the year in which the Merger occurs and ending on (and including) January 1,2025, in an amount equal to 4 of the total number of shares of Capital Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the Share Reserve for such year or that the increase in the Share Reserve for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 (iii) For clarity, the Share Reserve in this Section 3(a) is a limitation on the number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the Plan. Accordingly, this Section 3(a) does not limit the granting of Stock Awards except as provided in Section 7(a). 
 (iv) Shares may be issued in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c) or, if applicable, NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If a Stock Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Stock Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to a Stock Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on a Stock Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of a Stock Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (c) Incentive Stock Option Limit. Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will be 12,000,000 shares of Common Stock (post-Merger). 
 (d) Section 162(m) Limitations . Subject to the provisions of Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, at such time as the Company may be subject to the applicable provisions of Section 162(m) of the Code, the following limitations shall apply. 
 (i) A maximum of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock subject to Options, SARs and Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award is granted may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any additional Options, SARs or Other Stock Awards whose value is determined by reference to an increase over an exercise or strike price of at least 100 of the Fair Market Value on the date the Stock Award are granted to any Participant during any calendar year, compensation attributable to the exercise of such additional Stock Awards will not satisfy the requirements to be considered qualified performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code unless such additional Stock Award is approved by the Company s stockholders. 
 (ii) A maximum of 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock subject to Performance Stock Awards may be granted to any one Participant during any one calendar year (whether the grant, vesting or exercise is contingent upon the attainment during the Performance Period of the Performance Goals). 
 (iii) A maximum of 1,000,000 may be granted as a Performance Cash Award to any one Participant during any one calendar year. 
 (e) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 4. E LIGIBILITY. 
 (a) Eligibility for Specific Stock Awards. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or a parent corporation or subsidiary corporation thereof (as such terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f) of the Code). Stock Awards other than Incentive Stock Options may be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants; provided, however, that Stock Awards may not be granted to Employees, Directors and Consultants who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Stock Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Stock Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock 
 
 Awards are otherwise exempt from Section 409A of the Code, or (iii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Stock Awards comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) Ten Percent Stockholders. A Ten Percent Stockholder will not be granted an Incentive Stock Option unless the exercise price of such Option is at least 110 of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant and the Option is not exercisable after the expiration of five years from the date of grant. 
 5. P ROVISIONS R ELATING TO O PTIONS AND S TOCK A PPRECIATION R IGHTS. 
 Each Option or SAR will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Nonstatutory Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option. If an Option is not specifically designated as an Incentive Stock Option, or if an Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option but some portion or all of the Option fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option under the applicable rules, then the Option (or portion thereof) will be a Nonstatutory Stock Option. The provisions of separate Options or SARs need not be identical; provided, however, that each Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Award Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (a) Term. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, no Option or SAR will be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Award Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise Price. Subject to the provisions of Section 4(b) regarding Ten Percent Stockholders, the exercise or strike price of each Option or SAR will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option or SAR on the date the Award is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option or SAR may be granted with an exercise or strike price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Award if such Award is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option or stock appreciation right pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A and, if applicable, Section 424(a) of the Code. Each SAR will be denominated in shares of Common Stock equivalents. 
 (c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows: 
 (i) by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company; 
 (i) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds; 
 (i) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock; 
 (i) if an Option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price; provided, however, that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; or 
 (v) in any other form of legal co nsideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (d) Exercise and Payment of a SAR. To exercise any outstanding SAR, the Participant must provide written notice of exercise to the Company in compliance with the provisions of the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement evidencing such SAR. The appreciation distribution payable on the exercise of a SAR will be not greater than an amount equal to the excess of (A) the aggregate Fair Market Value (on the date of the exercise of the SAR) of a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the number of Common Stock equivalents in which the Participant is vested under such SAR, and with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date, over (B) the aggregate strike price of the number of Common Stock equivalents with respect to which the Participant is exercising the SAR on such date. The appreciation distribution may be paid in Common Stock, in cash, in any combination of the two or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Award Agreement evidencing such SAR. 
 (e) Transferability of Options and SARs. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options and SARs as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options and SARs will apply: 
 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option or SAR will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option or SAR in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided in the Plan, neither an Option nor a SAR may be transferred for consideration. 
 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option or SAR may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.421-1(b)(2). If an Option is an Incentive Stock Option, such Option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
 (iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, upon the death of the Participant, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option or SAR and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 
 (f) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option or SAR may vest and become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option or SAR may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options or SARs may vary. The provisions of this Section 5(f) are subject to any Option or SAR provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option or SAR may be exercised. 
 (g) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the applicable Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR (as applicable) within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR will terminate. 
 (h) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of time (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option or SAR following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option or SAR will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option or SAR would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (i) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option or SAR (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option or SAR within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (j) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option or SAR may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option or SAR as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option or SAR by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option or SAR upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death (or such longer or shorter period specified in the Award Agreement), and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option or SAR as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, 
 
 after the Participant s death, the Option or SAR is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option or SAR (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (k) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement or other individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option or SAR will terminate immediately upon such Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option or SAR from and after the time of such termination of Continuous Service. 
 (l) Non-Exempt Employees . If an Option or SAR is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option or SAR will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option or SAR (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option or SAR is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options and SARs may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option or SAR will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and/or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Stock Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section 5(l) will apply to all Stock Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Stock Award Agreements. 
 6. P ROVISIONS OF S TOCK A WARDS O THER THAN O PTIONS AND SAR S . 
 (a) Restricted Stock Awards. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. To the extent consistent with the Company s bylaws, at the Board s election, shares of Common Stock may be (x) held in book entry form subject to the Company s instructions until any restrictions relating to the Restricted Stock Award lapse; or (y) evidenced by a certificate, which certificate will be held in such form and manner as determined by the Board. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (i) Consideration. A Restricted Stock Award may be awarded in consideration for (A) cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company, (B) past services to the Company or an Affiliate, or (C) any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (ii) Vesting. Shares of Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement may be subject to forfeiture to the Company in accordance with a vesting schedule to be determined by the Board. 
 (iii) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. If a Participant s Continuous Service terminates, the Company may receive through a forfeiture condition or a repurchase right any or all of the shares of Common Stock held by the Participant that have not vested as of the date of termination of Continuous Service under the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 (iv) Transferability. Rights to acquire shares of Common Stock under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be transferable by the Participant only upon such terms and conditions as are set forth in the Restricted Stock Award Agreement, as the Board will determine in its sole discretion, so long as Common Stock awarded under the Restricted Stock Award Agreement remains subject to the terms of the Restricted Stock Award Agreement. 
 (v) Dividends. A Restricted Stock Award Agreement may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture restrictions as apply to the shares subject to the Restricted Stock Award to which they relate. 
 (b) Restricted Stock Unit Awards. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions: 
 (i) Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (ii) Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
 
 (iii) Payment . A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 (iv) Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (v) Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 (vi) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 (c) Performance Awards . 
 (i) Performance Stock Awards. A Performance Stock Award is a Stock Award (covering a number of shares not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable (including that may be granted, may vest or may be exercised) contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals. A Performance Stock Award may, but need not, require the Participant s completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. The length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion. In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law and the applicable Award Agreement, the Board may determine that cash may be used in payment of Performance Stock Awards. 
 (ii) Performance Cash Awards. A Performance Cash Award is a cash award (for a dollar value not in excess of that set forth in Section 3(d) above) that is payable contingent upon the attainment during a Performance Period of certain Performance Goals. A Performance Cash Award may also require the completion of a specified period of Continuous Service. At the time of grant of a Performance Cash Award, the length of any Performance Period, the Performance Goals to be achieved during the Performance Period, and the measure of whether and to what degree such Performance Goals have been attained will be conclusively determined by the Committee (or, if not required for compliance with Section 162(m) of the Code, the Board), in its sole discretion. The Board may specify the form of payment of Performance Cash Awards, which may be cash or other property, or may provide for a Participant to have the option for his or her Performance Cash Award, or such portion thereof as the Board may specify, to be paid in whole or in part in cash or other property. 
 (iii) Board Discretion. The Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for a Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 (iv) Section 162(m) Compliance. Unless otherwise permitted in compliance with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code with respect to an Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation thereunder, the Committee will establish the Performance Goals applicable to, and the formula for calculating the amount payable under, the Award no later than the earlier of (a) the date 90 days after the commencement of the applicable Performance Period, and (b) the date on which 25 of the Performance Period has elapsed, and in any event at a time when the achievement of the applicable Performance Goals remains substantially uncertain. Prior to the payment of any compensation under an Award intended to qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, the Committee will certify the extent to which any Performance Goals and any other material terms under such Award have been satisfied (other than in cases where such Performance Goals relate solely to the increase in the value of the Common Stock). Notwithstanding satisfaction of, or completion of any Performance Goals, the number of shares of Common Stock, Options, cash or other benefits granted, issued, retainable and/or vested under an Award on account of satisfaction of such Performance Goals may be reduced by the Committee on the basis of such further considerations as the Committee, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 (d) Other Stock Awards . Other forms of Stock Awards valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on, Common Stock, including the appreciation in value thereof (e.g., options or stock rights with an exercise price or strike price less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock at the time of grant) may be granted either alone or in addition to Stock Awards provided for under Section 5 and the preceding provisions of this Section 6. Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Board will have sole and complete authority to determine the persons to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock Awards will be granted, the number of shares of Common Stock (or the cash equivalent thereof) to be granted pursuant to such Other Stock Awards and all other terms and conditions of such Other Stock Awards. 
 
 7. C OVENANTS OF THE C OMPANY . 
 (a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards. 
 (b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Stock Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Stock Awards; provided, however, that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Stock Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Stock Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Stock Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
 (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Stock Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award. 
 8. M ISCELLANEOUS . 
 (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement or related grant documents as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement or related grant documents, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement or related grant documents. 
 (c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares of Common Stock under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
 (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 
 (e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee or takes an extended leave of absence) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced or extended. 
 (f) Incentive Stock Option Limitations. To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Optionholder during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Affiliates) exceeds 100,000 (or such other limit established in the Code) or otherwise does not comply with the rules governing Incentive Stock Options, the Options or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) or otherwise do not comply with such rules will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options, notwithstanding any contrary provision of the applicable Option Agreement(s). 
 (g) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and/or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that such Participant is capable of evaluating, alone or together 
 
 with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award; and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 
 (h) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment; (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award; provided, however, that no shares of Common Stock are withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of the Stock Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes); (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash; (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant; or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 (i) Electronic Delivery . Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 
 (j) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 
 (k) Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six months following the date of such Participant s separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (l) Clawback/Recovery . All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of an event constituting Cause. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company. 
 9. A DJUSTMENTS UPON C HANGES IN C OMMON S TOCK ; O THER C ORPORATE E VENTS . 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments . In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options pursuant to Section 3(c), (iii) the class(es) and maximum number of securities that may be awarded to any person pursuant to Sections 3(d) and 3(e), and (iv) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Stock Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation . Except as otherwise provided in the Stock Award Agreement, in the event of a Dissolution of the Company, all outstanding Stock Awards (other than Stock Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such Dissolution, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Stock Award is providing Continuous Service; provided, however , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Stock Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and/or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Stock Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the Dissolution is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 (c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Stock Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Stock Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of a Stock Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board will take one or more of the following actions with respect to Stock Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction: 

(i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Stock Award or to substitute a similar stock award for the Stock Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction); 
 (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Stock Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company); 
 (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Stock Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Stock Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board determines (or, if the Board does not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Stock Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction; 
 (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Stock Award; 
 (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Stock Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate; and 
 (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Stock Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero 0) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. 
 (vii) The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Stock Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. The Board may take different actions with respect to the vested and unvested portions of a Stock Award. 
 (d) Change in Control. A Stock Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Stock Award Agreement for such Stock Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant, but in the absence of such provision, no such acceleration will occur. 

10. P LAN T ERM ; E ARLIER T ERMINATION OR S USPENSION OF THE P LAN . 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Incentive Stock Options may be granted after the tenth anniversary of the Amendment Date. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 11. E FFECTIVE D ATE OF P LAN . 
 The Plan originally became effective on August 29, 2014 upon the adoption by the Board of Directors of Kura. The Restated Plan, as assumed by the Company, shall become effective upon the date that is 20 days after the mailing of a Schedule 14C Information Statement to the stockholders of the Company. 
 12. C HOICE OF L AW . 
 The laws of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13. D EFINITIONS . A s used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below: 
 (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (b) Award means a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. 
 (c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Capital Stock means each and every class of common stock of the Company, regardless of the number of votes per share. 
 (f) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Stock Award after the Adoption Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (g) Cause will have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) such Participant s commission of any felony or any crime involving fraud, dishonesty or moral turpitude under the laws of the United States or any state thereof; (ii) such Participant s attempted commission of, or participation in, a fraud or act of dishonesty against the Company; (iii) such Participant s intentional, material violation of any contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company or of any statutory duty owed to the Company; (iv) such Participant s unauthorized use or disclosure of the Company s confidential information or trade secrets; or (v) such Participant s gross misconduct. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause will be made by the Company in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Stock Awards held by such Participant will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (h) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company, (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities, or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur; 
 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction; 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition; or 
 (iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board; provided, however , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing definition or any other provision of the Plan, the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company and the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement; provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. 
 (i) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (j) Committee means a committee of one or more Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 
 (k) Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 (l) Company means Kura Oncology, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 (m) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 

(n) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Director or Consultant or a change in the Entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service; provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. For example, a change in status from an Employee of the Company to a Consultant of an Affiliate or to a Director will not constitute an interruption of Continuous Service. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (o) Corporate Transaction means the consummation, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: 
 (i) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries; 
 (ii) a sale or other disposition of at least 90 of the outstanding securities of the Company; 
 (iii) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or 
 (iv) a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 If required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will a Corporate Transaction be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (p) Covered Employee will have the meaning provided in Section 162(m)(3) of the Code. 
 (q) Director means a member of the Board. 
 (r) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 (s) Dissolution means when the Company, after having executed a certificate of dissolution with the State of Delaware, has completely wound up its affairs. Conversion of the Company into a Limited Liability Company will not be considered a Dissolution for purposes of the Plan. 
 (t) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (u) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (v) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (w) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company; or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Amendment Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 

(x) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows: 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 (iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (y) Incentive Stock Option means an option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that is intended to be, and qualifies as, an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (z) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K; or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 (aa) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any Option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (bb) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (cc Option means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (dd) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ee) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 

(ff) Other Stock Award means an award based in whole or in part by reference to the Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(d). 
 (gg) Other Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of an Other Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of an Other Stock Award grant. Each Other Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (hh) Outside Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee of the Company or an affiliated corporation (within the meaning of Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 162(m) of the Code), is not a former employee of the Company or an affiliated corporation who receives compensation for prior services (other than benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan) during the taxable year, has not been an officer of the Company or an affiliated corporation, and does not receive remuneration from the Company or an affiliated corporation, either directly or indirectly, in any capacity other than as a Director, or (ii) is otherwise considered an outside director for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code. 
 (ii) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership means a person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (jj) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Stock Award. 
 (kk) Performance Cash Award means an award of cash granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(ii). 
 (ll) Performance Criteria means the one or more criteria that the Board will select for purposes of establishing the Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that will be used to establish such Performance Goals may be based on any one of, or combination of, the following as determined by the Board: (1) earnings (including earnings per share and net earnings); (2) earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation; (3) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; (4) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and legal settlements; (5) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements and other income (expense); (6) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense) and stock-based compensation; (7) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, legal settlements, other income (expense), stock-based compensation and changes in deferred revenue; (8) total stockholder return; (9) return on equity or average stockholders equity; (10) return on assets, investment, or capital employed; (11) stock price; (12) margin (including gross margin); (13) income (before or after taxes); (14) operating income; (15) operating income after taxes; (16) pre-tax profit; (17) operating cash flow; (18) sales or revenue targets; (19) increases in revenue or product revenue; (20) expenses and cost reduction goals; (21) improvement in or attainment of working capital levels; (22) economic value added (or an equivalent metric); (23) market share; (24) cash flow; (25) cash flow per share; (26) share price performance; (27) debt reduction; (28) stockholders equity; (29) capital expenditures; (30) debt levels; (31) operating profit or net operating profit; (32) workforce diversity; (33) growth of net income or operating income; (34) billings; (35) bookings; (36) employee retention; (37) initiation of phases of clinical trials and/or studies by specific dates; (38) patient enrollment rates; (39) budget management; (40) submission to, or approval by, a regulatory body (including, but not limited to the FDA) of an applicable filing or a product candidate; (41) implementation or completion of projects or processes (including, without limitation, clinical trial initiation, clinical trial enrollment, clinical trial results, new and supplemental indications for existing products, regulatory filing submissions, regulatory filing acceptances, regulatory or advisory committee interactions, regulatory approvals, and product supply); (42) regulatory milestones; (43) progress of internal research or clinical programs; (44) progress of partnered programs; (45) partner satisfaction; (46) timely completion of clinical trials; (47) submission of INDs and NDAs and other regulatory achievements; (48) research progress, including the development of programs; (49) strategic partnerships or transactions (including in-licensing and out-licensing of intellectual property; and (50) to the extent that an award is not intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code, other measures of performance selected by the Board. 
 (mm) Performance Goals means, for a Performance Period, the one or more goals established by the Board for the Performance Period based upon the Performance Criteria. Performance Goals may be based on a Company-wide basis, with respect to one or more business units, divisions, Affiliates, or business segments, and in either absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more comparable companies or the performance of one or more relevant indices. Unless specified otherwise by the Board (i) in the Award Agreement at the time the Award is granted or (ii) in such other document setting forth the Performance Goals at the time the Performance Goals are established, the Board will appropriately make adjustments in the method of calculating the attainment of Performance Goals for a Performance Period as follows: (1) to exclude restructuring and/or other nonrecurring charges; (2) to exclude exchange rate effects; (3) to exclude the effects of changes to generally accepted accounting principles; (4) to exclude the effects of any statutory adjustments to corporate tax rates; (5) to exclude the effects of any extraordinary items as determined under generally accepted accounting principles; (6) to exclude the dilutive effects of acquisitions or joint ventures; (7) to assume that any business divested by the Company achieved performance objectives at targeted levels during the balance of a Performance Period following such divestiture; (8) to exclude the effect of any change in the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company by reason of any stock dividend or split, stock repurchase, reorganization, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, spin-off, combination or exchange of shares or other similar corporate change, or any distributions to common stockholders other than regular cash dividends; (9) to exclude the effects of stock based compensation and the award of bonuses under the Company s bonus plans; (10) to exclude costs incurred in connection with potential acquisitions or divestitures that are required to be expensed under generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (11) to exclude the goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges that are required to be recorded under generally accepted accounting principles; (12) to exclude the effect of any other unusual, nonrecurring gain or loss or other extraordinary item; and (13) to exclude the effects of the timing of acceptance for review and/or approval of submissions to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or any other regulatory body. In addition, the Board retains the discretion to reduce or eliminate the compensation or economic benefit due upon attainment of Performance Goals and to define the manner of calculating the Performance Criteria it selects to use for such Performance Period. Partial achievement of the specified criteria may result in the payment or vesting corresponding to the degree of achievement as specified in the Stock Award Agreement or the written terms of a Performance Cash Award. 
 (nn) Performance Period means the period of time selected by the Board over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s right to and the payment of a Stock Award or a Performance Cash Award. Performance Periods may be of varying and overlapping duration, at the sole discretion of the Board. 
 (oo) Performance Stock Award means a Stock Award granted under the terms and conditions of Section 6(c)(i). 
 (pp) Plan means this Kura Oncology, Inc. Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 (qq) Restricted Stock Award means an award of shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(a). 
 (rr) Restricted Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (ss) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6(b). 
 (tt) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (uu) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (vv) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (ww Stock Appreciation Right or SAR means a right to receive the appreciation on Common Stock that is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 5. 

(xx) Stock Appreciation Right Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Stock Appreciation Right evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Appreciation Right grant. Each Stock Appreciation Right Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (yy) Stock Award means any right to receive Common Stock granted under the Plan, including an Incentive Stock Option, a Nonstatutory Stock Option, a Restricted Stock Award, a Restricted Stock Unit Award, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Performance Stock Award or any Other Stock Award. 
 (zz) Stock Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of a Stock Award grant. Each Stock Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (aaa) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other Entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than50 . 
 (bbb) Ten Percent Stockholder means a person who Owns (or is deemed to Own pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code) stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Affiliate. 

K URA O NCOLOGY , I NC . 
 O PTION A GREEMENT 
 (A MENDED AND R ESTATED 2014 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows: 
 1. V ESTING . Your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
 2. N UMBER OF S HARES AND E XERCISE P RICE . The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 
 3. E XERCISE R ESTRICTION FOR N ON -E XEMPT E MPLOYEES . If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 
 4. E XERCISE PRIOR TO V ESTING E ARLY E XERCISE ). If permitted in your Grant Notice i.e. , the Exercise Schedule indicates Early Exercise Permitted and subject to the provisions of your option, you may elect at any time that is both (i) during the period of your Continuous Service and (ii) during the term of your option, to exercise all or part of your option, including the unvested portion of your option; provided, however, that: 
 (a) a partial exercise of your option will be deemed to cover first vested shares of Common Stock and then the earliest vesting installment of unvested shares of Common Stock; 

(b) any shares of Common Stock so purchased from installments that have not vested as of the date of exercise will be subject to the purchase option in favor of the Company as described in the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement; 
 (c) you will enter into the Company s form of Early Exercise Stock Purchase Agreement with a vesting schedule that will result in the same vesting as if no early exercise had occurred; and 
 (d) if your option is an Incentive Stock Option, then, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the Date of Grant) of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which your option plus all other Incentive Stock Options you hold are exercisable for the first time by you during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its Affiliates) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), your option(s) or portions thereof that exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. 
 5. M ETHOD OF P AYMENT . You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company or in any other manner permitted by your Grant Notice, which may include one or more of the following: 
 (a) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover . 
 (b) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock. 
 (c) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. You must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those shares (i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations. 
 6. W HOLE S HARES . You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 7. S ECURITIES L AW C OMPLIANCE . In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 
 8. T ERM . You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term. The term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following: 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause; 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d) below); provided, however, that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to Securities Law Compliance, your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service; provided further, that if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date; 
 (c) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d)) below; 
 (d) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause; 
 (e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 
 (f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 
 9. E XERCISE . 
 (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and/or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
 (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. 
 (c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two (2) years after the Date of Grant or within one (1) year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
 (d) By exercising your option you agree that you will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company held by you, for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company will request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2711 or NYSE Member Rule 472 or any successor or similar rule or regulation (the Lock-Up Period ); provided, however , that nothing contained in this section will prevent the exercise of a repurchase option, if any, in favor of the Company during the Lock-Up Period. You further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to your shares of Common Stock until the end of such period. You also agree that any transferee of any shares of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by you will be bound by this Section 9(d). The underwriters of the Company s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 9(d) and will have the right, power and authority to enforce the provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto. 
 
 10. T RANSFERABILITY . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 10, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 (a) Certain Trusts. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 
 (b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
 (c) Beneficiary Designation. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 

11. R IGHT OF F IRST R EFUSAL . Shares of Common Stock that you acquire upon exercise of your option are subject to any right of first refusal that may be described in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right. The Company s right of first refusal will expire on the first date upon which any security of the Company is listed (or approved for listing) upon notice of issuance on a national securities exchange or quotation system. 

12. R IGHT OF R EPURCHASE . To the extent provided in the Company s bylaws in effect at such time the Company elects to exercise its right, the Company will have the right to repurchase all or any part of the shares of Common Stock you acquire pursuant to the exercise of your option. 
 
 13. O PTION NOT A S ERVICE C ONTRACT . Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
 14. W ITHHOLDING O BLIGATIONS . 
 (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 
 (b) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). If the date of determination of any tax withholding obligation is deferred to a date later than the date of exercise of your option, share withholding pursuant to the preceding sentence shall not be permitted unless you make a proper and timely election under Section 83 (b) of the Code, covering the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise with respect to which such determination is otherwise deferred, to accelerate the determination of such tax withholding obligation to the date of exercise of your option. Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock shall be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility. 
 (c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 
 
 15. T AX C ONSEQUENCES . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. Because the Common Stock is not traded on an established securities market, the Fair Market Value is determined by the Board, perhaps in consultation with an independent valuation firm retained by the Company. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee that the Internal Revenue Service will agree with the valuation as determined by the Board, and you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates in the event that the Internal Revenue Service asserts that the valuation determined by the Board is less than the fair market value as subsequently determined by the Internal Revenue Service. 
 
 16. N OTICES . Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 17. G OVERNING P LAN D OCUMENT . Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. 

N OTICE OF E XERCISE 
 (A MENDED AND R ESTATED 2014 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 12730 High Bluff Drive, Suite 400 
 San Diego, CA 92130 

Date of Exercise: 

This constitutes notice to Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares for the price set forth below. 

Type of option (check one): 
 
 Incentive 
 
 Nonstatutory 

Stock option dated: 

Number of Shares as to which option is exercised: 

Certificates to be issued in name of: 

Total exercise price: 

Cash payment delivered herewith: 

Value of 	 Shares delivered herewith 1 : 

Value of 	 Shares pursuant to net exercise 2 : 

Regulation T Program (cashless exercise 3 ): 

1 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests. Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
 2 The option must be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and Kura Oncology, Inc. must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise, in order to utilize this payment method. 
 3 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. 

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an incentive stock option, to notify you in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option. 
 
 I hereby make the following certifications and representations with respect to the number of Shares listed above, which are being acquired by me for my own account upon exercise of the option as set forth above: 
 
 I acknowledge that the Shares have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and are deemed to constitute restricted securities under Rule 701 and Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. I warrant and represent to the Company that I have no present intention of distributing or selling said Shares, except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. 
 
 I further acknowledge that I will not be able to resell the Shares for at least ninety (90) days after the stock of the Company becomes publicly traded i.e., subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) under Rule 701 and that more restrictive conditions apply to affiliates of the Company under Rule 144. 
 
 I further acknowledge that all certificates representing any of the Shares subject to the provisions of the Option shall have endorsed thereon appropriate legends reflecting the foregoing limitations, as well as any legends reflecting restrictions pursuant to the Company s Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and/or applicable securities laws. 
 
 I further agree that, if required by the Company (or a representative of the underwriters) in connection with the first underwritten registration of the offering of any securities of the Company under the Securities Act, I will not sell, dispose of, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with the same economic effect as a sale with respect to any shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company for a period of one hundred eighty (180) days following the effective date of a registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such longer period as the underwriters or the Company shall request to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2711 or NYSE Member Rule 472 or any successor or similar rule or regulation) (the Lock-Up Period ). I further agree to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters that are consistent with the foregoing or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In order to enforce the foregoing covenant, the Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to securities subject to the foregoing restrictions until the end of such period. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

S TOCK O PTION G RANT N OTICE 
 (A MENDED AND R ESTATED 2014 E QUITY I NCENTIVE P LAN 
 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock set forth below. This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this notice but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms herein and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 

Optionholder: 

Date of Grant: 

Number of Shares Subject to Option: 

Exercise Price (Per Share): 

Total Exercise Price: 

Expiration Date: 

Type of Grant: 
 Incentive Stock Option 1 
 Nonstatutory Stock Option 

Exercise Schedule: 
 Same as Vesting Schedule 
 Early Exercise Permitted 

Vesting Schedule: 
 [Please refer to your online records available on E TRADE or any successor system maintained by the Company for specific vesting dates. Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or in a separate agreement with the Company.] 

Payment: 
 By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement): 

By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 

Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the shares are publicly traded 

By delivery of already-owned shares if the shares are publicly traded 

If and only to the extent this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and subject to the Company s consent at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement 

1 If this is an Incentive Stock Option, it (plus other outstanding Incentive Stock Options) cannot be first exercisable for more than 100,000 in value (measured by exercise price) in any calendar year. Any excess over 100,000 is a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan. Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. 
 
 By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

K URA O NCOLOGY , I NC . 
 O PTIONHOLDER : 

By: 

Signature 
 Signature 

Name: 
 
 Date: 

Title: 

Date: 

A TTACHMENTS : Option Agreement, Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and Notice of Exercise 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 kura-ex10_22.htm
 EX-10.22

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.22 
 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 RSU Award Grant Notice 
 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan) 
 Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company has awarded to you (the Participant the number of restricted stock units specified and on the terms set forth below in consideration of your services (the RSU Award ). Your RSU Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth herein and in the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Award Agreement (the Agreement ), which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Agreement shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Agreement. 

Participant: 

Date of Grant: 

Vesting Commencement Date: 

Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares: 

Vesting Schedule : 	[Please refer to your online records available on E TRADE or any successor system maintained by the Company for specific vesting dates. Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or in a separate agreement with the Company.] 
 
 Issuance Schedule:	 One share of Common Stock will be issued for each restricted stock unit which vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Agreement. 
 Participant Acknowledgements: By your signature below or by electronic acceptance or authentication in a form authorized by the Company, you understand and agree that: 
 The RSU Award is governed by this RSU Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice ), and the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, all of which are made a part of this document. Unless otherwise provided in the Plan, this Grant Notice and the Agreement (together, the RSU Award Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except in a writing signed by you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. 

You have read and are familiar with the provisions of the Plan, the RSU Award Agreement and the Prospectus. In the event of any conflict between the provisions in the RSU Award Agreement, or the Prospectus and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 

The RSU Award Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between you and the Company regarding the acquisition of Common Stock and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, promises and/or representations on that subject with the exception of: (i) other equity awards previously granted to you, (ii) any written employment agreement, offer letter, severance agreement, written severance plan or policy, or other written agreement between the Company and you in each case that specifies the terms that should govern this RSU Award, and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law. 

Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 
 Participant: 

By: 

Signature 
 
 Signature 

Title: 

Date: 

Date: 

Attachments : 	RSU Award Agreement, Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 

Kura Oncology, Inc. 
 Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Award Agreement (RSU Award) 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company has awarded you Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award pursuant to the Company s Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of Restricted Stock Units/shares of Common Stock Shares indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or the Grant Notice shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. The terms of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice, are as follows. 
 1. Grant of the Award. This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one (1) Ordinary Share for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 below) as indicated in the Grant Notice. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the Account the number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares subject to the Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to issue you the cash equivalent of the Shares, in part or in full satisfaction of the delivery of Shares in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and, to the extent applicable, references in this Agreement and the Grant Notice to Shares issuable in connection with your Restricted Stock Units will include the potential issuance of its cash equivalent pursuant to such right. This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company. 

2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service and the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such Award or the Shares to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award. 

3. Number of Shares. The number of Restricted Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. Any additional Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional Shares shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 

4. Securities Law Compliance . You may not be issued any Shares under your Award unless the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units are either (i) then registered under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you shall not receive such Shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 

5. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that Shares have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. 

(a) Death . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, vesting of your Award will cease and your executor or administrator of your estate shall be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Shares or other consideration that vested but was not issued before your death. 

(b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Shares or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation 

1 . 

instrument as permitted by applicable law that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 

6. Date of Issuance. 

(a)	 The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the withholding obligations set forth in this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 above). The issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as the Original Issuance Date . 
 (b)	 If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if: 
 (i)	 the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market, and 
 (ii)	 either (1) Withholding Taxes do not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Withholding Taxes by withholding shares of Common Stock from the Shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to pay your Withholding Taxes in cash, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the Shares under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 (c)	 The form of delivery e.g. , a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 7. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment; provided , however , that this sentence will not apply with respect to any Shares that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 

8. Restrictive Legends. The Shares issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 

9. Execution of Documents. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 

2 . 

10. Award not a Service Contract . 

(a) Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ or service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 

(b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice may not be earned unless (in addition to any other conditions described in the Grant Notice and this Agreement) you continue as an employee, director or consultant at the will of the Company and affiliate, as applicable (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a reorganization ). You acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with the Company s right to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without your cause or notice, or to conduct a reorganization. 

11. Withholding Obligation. 

(a) On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares underlying your Restricted Stock Units, and at any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and/or otherwise agree to make adequate provision in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate that arise in connection with your Award (the Withholding Taxes ). Additionally, the Company or any Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means: (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company; (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment; (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and/or its Affiliates; or (iv) withholding shares of Common Stock from the Shares issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes; provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company s required tax withholding obligations using the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income; and provided further, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Company s Compensation Committee. 

(b)	 Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock. 
 (c)	 In the event the Company s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Company s 
 3 . 

withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
 12. Tax Consequences. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and shall not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. You understand that you (and not the Company) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

13. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 

14. Notices . Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this Award, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 

15. Headings . The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 

16. Miscellaneous . 

(a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable by the Company to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Company s successors and assigns. 

(b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 

(c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 

(d) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 

(e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. 

17. Governing Plan Document . Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy 

4 . 

adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 

18. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating benefits under any employee benefit plan (other than the Plan) sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any or all of the employee benefit plans of the Company or any Affiliate. 

19. Severability . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 

20. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company's insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 

21. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment materially adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 

22. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code, including but not limited to by reason of complying with the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Award shall comply with Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and you are a Specified Employee (within the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your Separation from Service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of adverse taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 

5 . 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 7
 kura-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements: 
 1. Registration Statement (Form S-3 Nos. 333-241663 and 333-251172) of Kura Oncology, Inc., 

2. Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-203504, 333-210260 and 333-263000) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Kura Oncology, Inc., and 

3. Registration Statement (Form S-8 Nos. 333-216683, 333-223591, 333-230075, 333-236621 and 333-253441) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan of Kura Oncology, Inc.; 

of our reports dated February 23, 2023, with respect to the financial statements of Kura Oncology, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Kura Oncology, Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Kura Oncology, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 San Diego, California 
 February 23, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 kura-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Kura Oncology, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 kura-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Kura Oncology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D., as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 23, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

Troy E. Wilson, Ph.D., J.D. 

President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Kura Oncology, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 kura-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 kura-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 kura-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 kura-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 kura-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

