<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1859919_0001859919-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8614845</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>764879</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>743018</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6727139</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>78836</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>68285</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001859919-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223161905
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001859919-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Barings Private Credit Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001859919
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01397
		FILM NUMBER:		23659909

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SOUTH TRYON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-805-7200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 SOUTH TRYON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 2500
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Barings Private Credit LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210430

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001859919-23-000006.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 bdc-20221231.htm
 10-K

bdc-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Former Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report: N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None None None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes R 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes R 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, there was established public market for the registrant s common stock. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock on February 23, 2023 was . 
 Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

BARINGS PRIVATE CREDIT CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 63 
 Item 2. Properties 
 64 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 64 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 64 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 65 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 67 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 67 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 91 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 91 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 91 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 91 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 92 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 93 
 PART III Item 10. Directors , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 94 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 99 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 100 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 101 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 105 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 107 
 Signatures 
 110 
 Exhibits 
 
 2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Some of the statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements because they relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. Forward-looking statements may include, among other things, statements as to our future operating results, our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies, the impact of the investments that we expect to make, the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives, our expected financings and investments, the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital, and the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies. Words such as expect, anticipate, target, goals, project, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, continue, forecast, may, should, potential, variations of such words, and similar expressions indicate a forward-looking statement, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Readers are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are only predictions, are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to risks, events, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the items discussed in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Item 1A entitled Risk Factors in Part II of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or in other reports we may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC from time to time. Other factors that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially include, but are not limited to, changes in political, economic or industry conditions, including the risks of a slowing economy, rising inflation and risk of recession; the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets; the impact of global health crises, such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, on our or our portfolio companies business and the U.S. and global economies; our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects; risks associated with possible disruption due to terrorism in our operations or the economy generally; and future changes in laws or regulations and conditions in our or our portfolio companies operating areas. 
 Any forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts, information and projections about the industry in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including subsequent annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

3 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview of Our Business 
 Barings Private Credit Corporation (the Company, we, us, or our was formed on April 2, 2021, as a Maryland limited liability company named Barings Private Credit LLC and converted to a Maryland corporation named Barings Private Credit Corporation effective on May 13, 2021, in connection with the commencement of our operations. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act and are externally managed by Barings LLC, Barings or the Adviser an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). In addition, we have elected and intend to qualify annually for federal income tax purposes to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), for tax purposes. 
 An externally-managed BDC generally does not have any employees, and its investment and management functions are provided by an outside investment adviser and administrator under an advisory agreement and administration agreement. Instead of directly compensating employees, we pay Barings for investment and management services pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement and administrative services pursuant to the terms of an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement ). 
 We are a non-exchange traded, perpetual-life BDC, which is a BDC whose shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market. We use the term perpetual-life BDC to describe an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares of common stock are intended to be sold by the BDC on a continuous basis at a price equal to the BDC s net asset value per share. 
 Our primary investment objective is to generate current income by investing directly in privately-held middle-market companies to help these companies fund acquisitions, growth or refinancing. We focus on investing primarily in senior secured private debt instruments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. To a lesser extent, we will invest opportunistically in assets such as, without limitation, equity, special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), syndicated loan opportunities and/or mortgage securities. Barings employs fundamental credit analysis, and targets investments in businesses with low levels of cyclicality (i.e., the risk of business cycles or other economic cycles adversely affecting them) and operating risk relative to other businesses in this market segment. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. Barings has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and seeks to enhance our returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. Barings believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. A significant portion of our investments are expected to be rated below investment grade by rating agencies or, if unrated, would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 Formation Transactions/Initial Portfolio 
 On May 12, 2021, shortly prior to our election to be regulated as a BDC and conversion to a Maryland corporation, and in order to avoid the blind pool-aspects typically associated with the launch of a new fund, we acquired from Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company MassMutual and C.M. Life Insurance Company CM Life ), a subsidiary of MassMutual, a select portfolio of senior secured private debt investments in, and funding obligations to, well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries (the Initial Portfolio ). 
 The investments in the Initial Portfolio were selected based upon our defined investment objective, amount and type of unfunded obligations associated with each investment and the investment requirements set forth under the 
 4 

1940 Act or otherwise imposed by applicable laws, rules or regulations, including in accordance with our election to be treated as a RIC for tax purposes. 
 The aggregate purchase price for the Initial Portfolio was 602.4 million, which is equal to the sum of the fair values of each investment in the Initial Portfolio at the time of purchase of the Initial Portfolio, net of accrued fees associated with certain unfunded obligations in the Initial Portfolio. The investments in the Initial Portfolio were valued as of March 31, 2021 by an independent third-party valuation firm, provided that any investments in the Initial Portfolio acquired by MassMutual or CM Life after March 31, 2021 were initially valued at cost. In connection with the acquisition of the Initial Portfolio, Barings conducted certain valuation procedures to confirm whether there had been any material changes to the fair value of the investments and obligations in the Initial Portfolio and determined that no purchase price adjustments were necessary. 
 We plan to continue to invest in predominately senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. Senior secured private debt investments are negotiated directly with the borrower, rather than marketed by a third party or bought and sold in the secondary market. We believe senior secured private debt investments may offer higher returns and certain more favorable protections than syndicated senior secured loans. Fees generated in connection with our debt investments are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method or, in some cases, recognized as earned. Terms of our senior secured private debt investments are generally between five and seven years and bear interest between the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (or an applicable successor rate) plus 450 basis points and LIBOR plus 650 basis points per annum. To a lesser extent, we will invest opportunistically in assets such as, without limitation, equity, special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), syndicated loan opportunities and/or mortgage securities. 
 Relationship with Our Adviser, Barings 
 Our Adviser, Barings, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MassMutual, is a leading global asset management firm and is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Barings primary investment capabilities include fixed income, private credit, real estate, equity, and alternative investments. Subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Directors (the Board ), Barings Global Private Finance Group Barings GPFG manages our day-to-day operations, and provides investment advisory and management services to us. Barings GPFG is part of Barings 271.3 billion Global Fixed Income Platform (as of December 31, 2022) that invests in liquid, private and structured credit. Barings GPFG manages private funds and separately managed accounts, along with multiple public vehicles. The Adviser has retained its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, Baring International Investment Limited BIIL ), as a sub-adviser to manage European investments for the Company. BIIL is an investment adviser registered with the SEC in the U.S. and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom with its principal office located in London. As of December 31, 2022, BIIL had approximately 16.0 billion in assets under management. 
 Among other things, Barings (i) determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments made by us; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the investments that we make; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; (v) performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and (vi) provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for our operation, including, but not limited to, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as Barings, subject to review by the Board, will from time to time determine to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Barings will also, on our behalf and subject to the Board s oversight, arrange for the services of, and oversee, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or 
 5 

desirable. Barings is responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain and will prepare all reports and other materials required to be filed with the SEC or any other regulatory authority. 
 Included in Barings GPFG is Barings North American Private Finance Team (the U.S. Investment Team ), which consists of 50 investment professionals (as of December 31, 2022) located in three offices in the U.S. The U.S. Investment Team provides a full set of solutions to the North American middle market, including revolvers, first and second lien senior secured loans, unitranche structures, mezzanine debt and equity co-investments. The U.S. Investment Team averages over 20 years of industry experience at the Managing Director and Director level. In addition, Barings believes that it has best-in-class support personnel, including expertise in risk management, legal, accounting, tax, information technology and compliance, among others. We expect to benefit from the support provided by these personnel in our operations. 
 Investment Committee 
 The Barings North American Private Finance investment committee (the Investment Committee ), which is responsible for our investment origination and portfolio monitoring activities for middle-market companies in North America, consists of six members: Salman Mukhtar, Managing Director; Terry Harris, Managing Director and Head of Global Private Finance Portfolio Management; Ian Fowler, Managing Director, Fund Portfolio Manager and Co-Head of Global Private Finance; Adam Wheeler, Managing Director, Co-Head of Global Private Finance; Mark Flessner, Managing Director and Fund Portfolio Manager; and Brian Baldwin, Managing Director. Collectively, the Investment Committee has over 160 years of industry experience, and each member averages approximately 27 years of industry experience. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting at which a majority of the members of the Investment Committee is present is required to approve all investments in new middle-market companies. 
 Terry Harris, Ian Fowler and Adam Wheeler also sit on the European and Asia Pacific Investment Committees, which is responsible for our investment origination and portfolio monitoring activities for middle-market companies in European and Asia-Pacific geographies, affording them a unique relative value perspective across all of Barings investment geographies. Ian Fowler, Mark Flessner and Brian Baldwin have all worked together at prior firms including GE Capital, Freeport Financial and Harbour Group. Barings believes that the individual and shared experience of these senior team members provides the Investment Committee with an appropriate balance of shared investment philosophy and difference of background and opinion. 
 Portfolio Managers 
 Ian Fowler and Jonathan Landsberg serve as portfolio managers to the Company. 
 See Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Governance Executive Officers for a description of Mr. Fowler s and Mr. Landsberg s biography and experience. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 We seek to generate current income by primarily investing directly in privately-held middle-market companies to help these companies fund acquisitions, growth or refinancing. We also have investments in middle-market companies located outside the United States. Our strategy includes the following components: 
 Leveraging Barings GPFG s Origination and Portfolio Management Resources. As of December 31, 2022 Barings GPFG has over 90 investment professionals located in seven different offices in the U.S., Europe, Australia/New Zealand and Asia. These regional investment teams have been working together in their respective regions for a number of years and have extensive experience advising, investing in and lending to companies across changing market cycles. In addition, the individual members of these teams have diverse investment backgrounds, with prior experience at investment banks, commercial banks, and privately and publicly held companies. We believe this diverse experience provides an in-depth understanding of the strategic, financial and operational challenges and opportunities of middle-market companies. 
 6 

Utilizing Long-Standing Relationships to Source Investments. Barings GPFG has worked diligently over decades to build strategic relationships with private equity firms globally. Based on Barings GPFG s long history of providing consistent, predictable capital to middle-market sponsors, even in periods of market dislocation, Barings believes it has a reputation as a reliable partner. Barings also maintains extensive personal relationships with entrepreneurs, financial sponsors, attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, commercial bankers and other non-bank providers of capital who refer prospective portfolio companies to us. These relationships historically have generated significant investment opportunities. We believe that this network of relationships will continue to produce attractive investment opportunities. 
 Focusing on the Middle-Market. We primarily invest in middle-market companies. These companies tend to be privately owned, often by a private equity sponsor, and are companies that typically generate annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted Adjusted EBITDA of 10.0 million to 75.0 million. 
 Providing One-Stop Customized Financing Solutions. Barings believes that Barings GPFG s ability to commit to and originate larger hold positions (in excess of 200 million) in a given transaction is a differentiator to middle-market private equity sponsors. In today s market, it has become increasingly important to have the ability to underwrite an entire transaction, providing financial sponsors with certainty of close. Barings GPFG offers a variety of financing structures and has the flexibility to structure investments to meet the needs of our portfolio companies. 
 Applying Consistent Underwriting Policies and Active Portfolio Management . We believe robust due diligence on each investment is paramount due to the illiquid nature of the assets. With limited ability to liquidate holdings, private credit investors must take a longer-term, originate-to-hold investment approach. Barings has implemented underwriting policies and procedures that are followed for each potential transaction. This consistent and proven fundamental underwriting process includes a thorough analysis of each potential portfolio company s competitive position, financial performance, management team operating discipline, growth potential and industry attractiveness, which Barings believes allows it to better assess the company s prospects. After closing, Barings maintains ongoing access to both the sponsor and portfolio company management in order to closely monitor investments and suggest or require remedial actions as needed to avoid a default. 
 Maintaining Portfolio Diversification. While we focus our investments in middle-market companies, we seek to invest across various industries and in both United States-based and foreign-based companies. Barings monitors our investment portfolio to ensure we have acceptable industry balance, using industry and market metrics as key indicators. By monitoring our investment portfolio for industry balance, we seek to reduce the effects of economic downturns associated with any particular industry or market sector. Notwithstanding our intent to invest across a variety of industries, we may from time to time hold securities of a single portfolio company that comprise more than 5.0 of our total assets and/or more than 10.0 of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. For that reason, we are classified as a non-diversified management investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 Other Investments. To a lesser extent, we will invest opportunistically in assets such as, without limitation, equity, special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), syndicated loan opportunities, high yield investments and/or mortgage securities. Our special situation investments generally comprise of investments in stressed and distressed corporate debt instruments which are expected to include (but which are not limited to) senior secured loans (including assignments and participations), second lien loans and subordinated debt (including mezzanine and payment-in-kind PIK securities), secured floating rate notes and secured fixed rated notes, unsecured loans, unsecured senior and subordinated corporate bonds, debentures, notes, commercial paper, convertible debt obligations, equity investments (including preferred stock and common equity instruments), hedging arrangements, other forms of subordinated debt, structured credit (e.g., asset-backed securities) and equity instruments. 
 7 

Investments 
 Debt Investments 
 The terms of our directly originated debt investments in middle market companies are tailored to the facts and circumstances of each transaction and prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that seeks to protect lender rights and manage risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan. We also seek to limit the downside risks of our investments by negotiating covenants that are designed to protect our investments while affording our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protections, change of control provisions, put rights and a pledge of the operating companies stock which provides us with additional exit options in downside scenarios. Other lending protections may include term loan amortization, excess cash flow sweeps (effectively additional term loan amortization), limitations on a company s ability to make acquisitions, maximums on capital expenditures and limits on allowable dividends and distributions. Further, up-front closing fees of typically 1-3 of the loan amount act effectively as pre-payment protection given the cost to a company to refinance early. Additionally, we will typically include call protection provisions effective for the first six to twelve months of an investment to enhance our potential total return. 
 We invest in predominately senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. Senior secured private debt investments are negotiated directly with the borrower, rather than marketed by a third party or bought and sold in the secondary market. We believe that negotiated senior secured private debt investments may offer higher returns and certain more favorable protections than syndicated senior secured loans. Fees generated in connection with our debt investments are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method or, in some cases, recognized as earned. We invest primarily in loans that have terms of between five and seven years, and bear interest at rates ranging from LIBOR (or an applicable successor rate) plus 450 basis points to LIBOR plus 650 basis points per annum. 
 Equity Investments 
 On a limited basis, we may acquire equity interests in portfolio companies. In such cases, we generally seek to structure our equity investments as non-control investments that provide us with minority rights. 
 Investment Criteria 
 We utilize the following criteria and guidelines in evaluating investment opportunities in middle market companies. However, not all of these criteria and guidelines have been, or will be, met in connection with each of our investments. 
 Established Companies With Positive Cash Flow. We seek to invest in later-stage or mature companies with a proven history of generating positive cash flows. We typically focus on companies with a history of profitability and trailing twelve-month Adjusted EBITDA ranging from 10.0 million to 75.0 million. 
 Experienced Management Teams. Based on our prior investment experience, we believe that a management team with significant experience with a portfolio company or relevant industry experience is essential to the long-term success of the portfolio company. We believe management teams with these attributes are more likely to manage the companies in a manner that protects our debt investment. 
 Strong Competitive Position. We seek to invest in companies that have developed strong positions within their respective markets, are well positioned to capitalize on growth opportunities and compete in industries with barriers to entry. We also seek to invest in companies that exhibit a competitive advantage, which may help to protect their market position and profitability. 
 Varied Customer and Supplier Bases. We prefer to invest in companies that have varied customer and supplier bases. Companies with varied customer and supplier bases are generally better able to endure economic downturns, industry consolidation and shifting customer preferences. 
 8 

Significant Invested Capital. We believe the existence of significant underlying equity value provides important support to investments. We seek to identify portfolio companies that we believe have well-structured capital beyond the layer of the capital structure in which we invest. 
 Investment Process 
 Our investment origination and portfolio monitoring activities for middle-market companies are performed by Barings GPFG. The Investment Committee at Barings GPFG is responsible for all aspects of our investment process for investments in middle-market companies; however, other investment committees within Barings are primarily responsible for the investment process for our opportunistic investments in special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), high-yield investments and mortgage securities. Each of Barings investment processes is designed to maximize risk-adjusted returns, minimize non-performing assets and avoid investment losses. In addition, the investment process is also designed to provide sponsors and/or prospective portfolio companies with efficient and predictable deal execution. 
 Origination 
 Barings GPFG s typical origination process for investments in middle-market companies is summarized in the following chart: 
 
 9 

Investment Pre-Screen 
 The investment pre-screen process typically begins with a review of an offering memorandum or other high-level prospect information by an investment originator. A fundamental bottoms-up credit analysis is prepared and independent third-party research is gathered in addition to the information received from the sponsor. The investment group focuses on a prospective investment s fundamentals, sponsor/source and proposed investment structure. This review may be followed by a discussion between the investment originator and an investment group head to identify investment opportunities that should be passed on, either because they fall outside of Barings GPFG s stated investment strategy or offer an unacceptable risk-adjusted return. If the originator and investment group head agree that an investment opportunity is worth pursuing, a credit analyst assists the originator with preparation of a screening memorandum. The screening memorandum is typically discussed internally with the investment group head and other senior members of the investment group, and in certain instances, the investment group head may elect to review the screening memorandum with the investment committee prior to the preliminary investment proposal. 
 Preliminary Investment Proposal 
 Following the screening memorandum discussion, if the decision is made by the investment group head to pursue an investment opportunity, key pricing and structure terms may be communicated to the prospective borrower verbally or via a non-binding standard preliminary term sheet in order to determine whether the proposed terms are competitive. 
 Investment Approval 
 Upon acceptance by a sponsor/prospective borrower of preliminary key pricing and structure terms, the investment process continues with formal due diligence. The investment team typically attends meetings with the prospective portfolio company s management, reviews historical and forecasted financial information and third-party diligence reports, conducts research to support preparation of proprietary financial models including both base case and downside scenarios, valuation analyses, and ultimately, an underwriting memorandum for review by the investment committee. A majority of the votes cast at a meeting at which a majority of the members of the Investment Committee is present is required to approve all investments in new middle-market portfolio companies. 
 Commitment Letter 
 For investments that require written confirmation of commitment, commitment letters are typically reviewed by Barings GPFG s internal legal team or outside counsel. Commitment letters typically include customary conditions as well as any conditions specified by the investment committee. Such conditions could include, but are not limited to, specific confirmatory due diligence, minimum pre-close Adjusted EBITDA, minimum capitalization, satisfactory documentation, satisfactory legal due diligence and absence of material adverse change. Unless specified by the investment committee as a condition to approval, commitment letters need not include final investment committee approval as a condition precedent. 
 Documentation 
 Once an investment opportunity has been approved, negotiation of definitive legal documents occurs, usually simultaneously with completion of any third-party confirmatory due diligence. Typically, legal documentation will be reviewed by Barings GPFG s internal legal team or by outside legal counsel to ensure that our security interest can be perfected and that all other terms of the definitive loan documents are consistent with the terms approved by the investment committee. 
 Closing 
 A closing memorandum is provided to the investment committee. The closing memorandum addresses final investment structure and pricing terms, the sources and uses of funds, any variances from the original approved terms, an update related to the prospect s financial performance and, if warranted, updates to internal financial models. The closing memorandum also addresses each of the specific conditions to the approval of the investment 
 10 

by the investment committee, including results of confirmatory due diligence with any exceptions or abnormalities highlighted, and includes an analysis of financial covenants with a comparison to the financial forecast prepared by management. 
 Portfolio Management and Investment Monitoring 
 Our portfolio management and investment monitoring processes are overseen by Barings. Barings portfolio management process is designed to maximize risk-adjusted returns and identify non-performing assets well in advance of potentially adverse events in order to mitigate investment losses. Key aspects of the Barings investment and portfolio management process include: 
 Culture of Risk Management. The investment team that approves an investment monitors the investment s performance through repayment. We believe this practice encourages accountability by connecting investment team members with the long-term performance of the investment. This also allows us to leverage the underwriting process, namely the comprehensive understanding of the risk factors associated with the investment that an investment team develops during underwriting. In addition, we seek to foster continuous interaction between investment teams and the investment committee. This frequent communication encourages the early escalation of issues to members of the investment committee to leverage their experience and expertise well in advance of potentially adverse events. 
 Ongoing Monitoring. Each portfolio company is assigned to an analyst who is responsible for the ongoing monitoring of the investment. Upon receipt of information (financial or otherwise) relating to an investment, a preliminary review is performed by the analyst in order to assess whether the information raises any issues that require increased attention. Particular consideration is given to information which may impact the value of an asset. In the event that something material is identified, the analyst is responsible for notifying the relevant members of the deal team and investment committee. 
 Quarterly Portfolio Reviews. All investments are reviewed on at least a quarterly basis. The quarterly portfolio reviews provide a forum to evaluate the current status of each asset and identify any recent or long-term performance trends, either positive or negative, that may affect its current valuation. 
 Focus Credit List Reviews. Certain credits are deemed to be on the Focus Credit List , or a list of similar meaning and are typically reviewed on a more frequent basis. During these reviews, the investment team provides an update on the situation and discusses potential courses of action with the investment committee to ensure any mitigating steps are taken in a timely manner. 
 Sponsor Relationships. For middle-market loans, we invest primarily in transactions backed by a private equity sponsor and when evaluating investment opportunities, we take into account the strength of the sponsor (e.g., track record, sector expertise, strategy, governance, follow-on investment capacity, relationship with Barings GPFG). Having a strong relationship and staying in close contact with sponsors and management during not only the underwriting process but also throughout the life of the investment allows us to engage the sponsor and management early to address potential covenant breaks or other issues. 
 Robust Investment and Portfolio Management System. Barings investment and portfolio management system serves as the central repository of data used for investment management, including both company-level metrics (e.g., probability of default, Adjusted EBITDA, geography) and asset-level metrics (e.g., price, spread/coupon, seniority). Barings portfolio management has established a set of data that analysts must update quarterly, or more frequently when appropriate, in order to produce a one-page summary for each company, which are used during quarterly portfolio reviews. 
 11 

Valuation Process and Determination of Net Asset Value 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We have a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by Barings and were approved by the Board. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at the measurement date. For our portfolio securities, fair value is generally the amount that we might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security. The fair value measurement assumes that the sale occurs in the principal market for the security, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the security. If no market for the security exists or if we do not have access to the principal market, the security should be valued based on the sale occurring in a hypothetical market. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, there are three levels of valuation inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs include quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3 Inputs include inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
 A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the tables in the notes to our consolidated financial statements may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 Our investment portfolio includes certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other observable inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Adviser determines the fair value of our investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Adviser assesses the appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) its understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with underlying performance of the portfolio company. 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of our Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. For a discussion of the risks inherent in determining the value of securities for which readily available market values do not exist, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value as determined in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policies and procedures and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments included in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 12 

Investment Valuation Process 
 The Board must determine fair value in good faith for any or all of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Board has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations relating to the value of these assets. Barings has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets we hold. Barings uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, Barings will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by Barings' pricing committee. 
 At least annually, Barings conducts reviews of the primary pricing vendors to validate that the inputs used in the vendors pricing process are deemed to be market observable. While Barings is not provided access to proprietary models of the vendors, the reviews have included on-site walkthroughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. The review also includes an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process Barings continues to perform annually. In addition, the pricing vendors have an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of prices that fall outside expected ranges. Barings believes that the prices received from the pricing vendors are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (i.e. exit prices). 
 Our money market fund investments are generally valued using Level 1 inputs and our equity investments listed on an exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System are valued using Level 1 inputs, using the last quoted sale price of that day. Our syndicated senior secured loans and structured product investments are generally valued using Level 2 inputs, which are generally valued at the bid quotation obtained from dealers in loans by an independent pricing service. Our middle-market, private debt and equity investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 Independent Valuation 
 The fair value of loans and equity investments that are not syndicated or for which market quotations are not readily available, including middle-market loans, are generally submitted to independent providers to perform an independent valuation on those loans and equity investments as of the end of each quarter. Such loans and equity investments are initially held at cost, as that is a reasonable approximation of fair value on the acquisition date, and monitored for material changes that could affect the valuation (for example, changes in interest rates or the credit quality of the borrower). At the quarter end following that of the initial acquisition, such loans and equity investments are generally sent to a valuation provider which will determine the fair value of each investment. The independent valuation providers apply various methods (synthetic rating analysis, discounting cash flows, and re-underwriting analysis) to establish the rate of return a market participant would require (the discount rate as of the valuation date, given market conditions, prevailing lending standards and the perceived credit quality of the issuer. Future expected cash flows for each investment are discounted back to present value using these discount rates in the discounted cash flow analysis. A range of values will be provided by the valuation provider and Barings will determine the point within that range that it will use. If the Barings pricing committee disagrees with the price range provided, it may make a fair value recommendation to Barings that is outside of the range provided by the independent valuation provider and the reasons therefore. In certain instances, we may determine that it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in the stockholders' best interests, to request an independent valuation firm to perform an independent valuation on certain investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, situations where the fair value of the investment in the portfolio company is determined to be insignificant relative to the total investment portfolio. 
 For a further discussion of our valuation procedures, see the section entitled Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Investment Valuation included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 13 

Valuation Inputs 
 The Adviser s valuation techniques are based upon both observable and unobservable pricing inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Adviser s market assumptions. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. An independent pricing service provider is the preferred source of pricing a loan, however, to the extent the independent pricing service provider price is unavailable or not relevant and reliable, the Adviser will utilize alternative approaches such as broker quotes or manual prices. The Adviser attempts to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the security. 
 Valuation of Investments in Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC 
 As Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC are investment companies with no readily determinable fair values, the Adviser estimates the fair value of our investments in these entities using net asset value of each company and our ownership percentage as a practical expedient. The net asset value is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies. 
 Net Asset Value Determination 
 We generally determine the net asset value per share of our common stock each month as of the last day of each calendar month. T he net asset value per share is equal to the value of our total assets minus total liabilities and any preferred stock outstanding divided by the total number of shares of common stock outstanding at the date as of which the determination is made . 
 When we determine the net asset value in connection with the Private Offering (as defined below) as of the last day of a month that is not also the last day of a calendar quarter, we intend to update the value of securities with reliable market quotations to the most recent market quotation. For securities without reliable market quotations, Barings will generally value such assets at the most recent quarterly valuation unless Barings determines that a significant observable change has occurred since the most recent quarter-end with respect to the investment (which determination may be as a result of a material event at a portfolio company, material change in market spreads, secondary market transaction in the securities of an investment or otherwise). If Barings determines such a change has occurred with respect to one or more investments, Barings will determine whether to update the value for each relevant investment using a range of values from an independent valuation firm, where applicable, in accordance with Barings valuation policy, pursuant to authority delegated by our Board. Additionally, Barings may otherwise determine to update the most recent quarter-end valuation of an investment without reliable market quotations that Barings considers to be material to the Company using a range of values from an independent valuation firm . 
 Competition 
 We compete for investments with a number of investment funds including public funds, private equity funds, other BDCs, as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of financing. Some of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider more investments and establish more relationships than we do. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. 
 We use the expertise of the investment professionals of Barings to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. We believe the relationship we have with Barings enables us to learn about, and compete for financing opportunities with companies in middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. For additional information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses included in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 14 

The Private Offering 
 We are offering on a continuous basis up to 2,000,000,000 in shares of our common stock (the Private Offering in connection with which we have entered, and intend to continue to enter, into subscription agreements with investors (each, a Subscription Agreement ). The initial closing of the Private Offering (the Initial Closing occurred on May 10, 2021, in connection with which we sold 22,500,000 common units in exchange for gross proceeds of 450 million. The common units issued in the Initial Closing subsequently converted, on a one-to-one basis, into shares of common stock in connection with our conversion to a Maryland corporation. 
 We will endeavor to take all reasonable actions to avoid interruptions in the continuous Private Offering. Although the shares of common stock in the Private Offering are being sold under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), only to investors that are accredited investors in accordance with Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act and, outside of the United States, in accordance with Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act to investors that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902(k) of Regulation S promulgated under the Securities Act), there can be no assurance that we will not need to suspend our continuous offering for various reasons, including but not limited to regulatory review from the SEC and various state regulators, to the extent applicable. 
 We and Barings have applied for exemptive relief from SEC that, if granted, will permit us to issue multiple classes of shares of our common stock with varying sales loads, contingent deferred sales charges, and/or asset-based service and/or distribution fees, the details for which will be finalized at a later date at our discretion (the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief ). The SEC has not yet granted the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief, and there is no assurance that the relief will be granted. 
 We intend to issue shares of our common stock in the Private Offering on a monthly basis at a price per share equal to the then-current net asset value per share for our common stock; provided that the Company shall retain the right, if determined by the Company in its sole discretion, to accept subscriptions and issue shares of common stock, in amounts to be determined by the Company, more or less frequently to one or more investors for regulatory, tax or other reasons as may be determined to be appropriate by the Company. The purchase price for common units in the Initial Closing was 20.00 per unit (which subsequently converted, on a one-to-one basis, into shares of our common stock in connection with our conversion to a Maryland corporation). 
 At the discretion of the Board, we commenced a share repurchase program in which we may offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of the previous calendar quarter, generally using a purchase price equal to the net asset value per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter. However, we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular quarter in our discretion. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, stockholders may not be able to sell their shares promptly or at a desired price, and an investment in our shares is not suitable if you require short-term liquidity with respect to your investment in us . We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under our financing arrangements. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be redeemed and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 The Company and Barings may engage one or more placement agents to assist with the placement of shares of the Company s common stock. Prior to the receipt of the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief, if any, the Investment Adviser has agreed to pay all placement fees and related expenses to placement agents in connection with the Private Offering, but may decide not to do so in connection with its offering of other share classes to the extent it receives the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief. The prospect of receiving placement fees or other compensation may provide placement agents and/or their salespersons with an incentive to favor sales of the shares of the Company over the sale of interests of other investments with respect to which the placement agent does not receive such additional compensation, or receives lower levels of additional compensation . 
 15 

Brokerage Allocation and Other Practices 
 We did not pay any brokerage commissions during the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the acquisition and/or disposal of our investments. We generally acquire and dispose of our investments in privately negotiated transactions; therefore, we infrequently use brokers in the normal course of our business. Barings is primarily responsible for the execution of any publicly traded securities portion of our portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage commissions. We do not expect to execute transactions through any particular broker or dealer, but will seek to obtain the best net results for us, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution, and operational facilities of the firm and the firm s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities. While we will generally seek reasonably competitive trade execution costs, we will not necessarily pay the lowest spread or commission available. Subject to applicable legal requirements, if we use a broker, we may select a broker based partly upon brokerage or research services provided to us. In return for such services, we may pay a higher commission than other brokers would charge if we determine in good faith that such commission is reasonable in relation to the services provided. 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, unless a common stockholder elects to receive cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend, then our common stockholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends. 
 No action is required on the part of a registered common stockholder to have his or her cash dividend reinvested in shares of our common stock. A registered common stockholder may elect to receive an entire dividend in cash by notifying our investor relations department to request a change form, as described below. Such change form must be received by DST Systems, Inc., the Plan Administrator and our transfer agent and registrar, no later than 10 business days prior to the distribution date fixed by the Board for such dividend. If such change form is received less than 10 business days prior to the distribution date fixed by the Board, then that dividend will be reinvested pursuant to the terms of the plan. The Plan Administrator will set up an account for shares acquired through the plan for each common stockholder who has not elected to receive dividends in cash and hold such shares in non-certificated form. Those common stockholders whose shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary may receive dividends in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election so long as their broker or other financial intermediary notifies the Plan Administrator of the same by submitting the change form. 
 The number of shares to be issued to a stockholder under the dividend reinvestment plan will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the most recent available net asset value per share for such shares at the time the distribution is payable. 
 There will be no charges to common stockholders who participate in the plan. We will pay the Plan Administrator s fees under the plan. 
 Common stockholders who receive dividends in the form of stock generally are subject to the same federal, state and local tax consequences as are common stockholders who elect to receive their dividends in cash. However, since a participating stockholder s cash dividends will be reinvested, such stockholder will not receive cash with which to pay any applicable taxes on reinvested dividends. A common stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to the common stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend will have a holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the U.S. common stockholder s account. Stock received in a dividend may generate a wash sale if such stockholder sold out stock at a realized loss within 30 days either before or after such dividend. 
 Participants may elect to receive their entire dividend in cash or to terminate their accounts under the plan by filling out a change form. To request a change form or for more information, please contact our investor relations department at 1-888-401-1088 or bdcinvestorrelations@barings.com. 
 16 

We may terminate the dividend reinvestment plan upon notice in writing mailed to each participant at least 30 days prior to any record date for the payment of any dividend by us. All correspondence concerning the plan should be directed to the Plan Administrator by mail at DST Systems, Inc., 333 W. 11th Street, 5th Floor, Kansas City, Missouri 64105. 
 Employees 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. The services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees of Barings, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement with Barings and our Administration Agreement. Each of our executive officers is an employee of Barings and our day-to-day investment activities are managed by Barings. 
 Management Agreements 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides us with investment advisory services. Among other things, the Adviser (i) determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the investments that we make; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; (v) performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and (vi) provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 
 The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent fraud, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Adviser, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser (collectively, the IA Indemnified Parties ), are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, demands, charges, claims and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the IA Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of any actions or omissions or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is generally free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its performance under the Advisory Agreement is not adversely affected. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Advisor (i) a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and (ii) an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as compensation for the investment advisory and management services it provides us thereunder. 
 Base Management Fee 
 The Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 0.75 of our average gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage but excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents (as defined below) and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments. For services rendered under the Advisory Agreement, the Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated; provided, that upon the end of the first calendar quarter following the Initial Closing, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on the value of our gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) as of such calendar quarter-end; provided further, that upon the end of the second calendar quarter following the Initial Closing, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of each of the first two calendar quarters following the Initial Closing (including the quarter for which such fees are being calculated). 
 17 

The Base Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. All or any part of the Base Management Fee not taken as to any quarter will be deferred without interest and may be taken in any quarter prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event (if any). For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities, money market fund investments, commercial paper instruments and other similar cash equivalent investments maturing within one year of purchase. 
 The Incentive Fee 
 The Incentive Fee under the Advisory Agreement is based on our income, as described below. 
 No portion of the Incentive Fee will be payable until the completion of the first full calendar quarter following the one-year anniversary of the initial effective date of the Advisory Agreement, May 13, 2021 (the Initial Effective Date ). Upon the completion of the first full calendar quarter following the one-year anniversary of the Initial Effective Date and thereafter, the Incentive Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in respect of the then-current calendar quarter and the three preceding calendar quarters (the Trailing Twelve Months ), exceeds (y) the Hurdle Amount (as defined below) in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months. The Hurdle Amount will be determined on a quarterly basis, and will be calculated by multiplying 8.0 by the average of our net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that we have not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including, without limitation, the Base Management Fee, administration expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 The calculation of the Incentive Fee for each quarter will be as follows: 
 No Incentive Fee will be payable to Barings in any calendar quarter in which our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 
 100 of our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 8.889 by the average of our net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Adviser with an Incentive Fee of 10 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Months; and 
 For any quarter in which our aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Incentive Fee will equal 10 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such Trailing Twelve Months, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved. 
 Subject to the Incentive Fee Cap (discussed below), the amount of the Incentive Fee that will be paid to Barings for a particular quarter will equal the aggregate Incentive Fee calculated as set forth above, less the aggregate Incentive Fees that were paid to Barings in the preceding three calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. 
 The Incentive Fee is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is an amount equal to (x) 0.50 of the average value of our gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of each quarter during the Trailing Twelve Months and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the Average TTM Gross Assets ), or (y) in the event that our Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing 
 18 

Twelve Months is less than 9.0 , the Incentive Fee Cap will equal 0.20 of the Average TTM Gross Assets; provided that, if the Incentive Fee Cap as calculated in clause (x) of this paragraph applies in any quarter, in no event will the Company pay any incentive fee (or portion thereof) during such quarter to the extent that it would cause the Cumulative Net Investor Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months to be reduced to an amount below what the Cumulative Net Investor Return during such period would have been if the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter had been calculated in accordance with clause (y) of this paragraph . 
 For purposes of the Advisory Agreement: 
 Cumulative Net Investor Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months means (1) (a) the Company s aggregate interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation) accrued during the period, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued during the period (including, without limitation, the base management fee, administration expenses, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock and the incentive fee) in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months less (b) any Net Capital Loss (if positive), in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months, divided by (2) the average of the Company s net asset values measured at the beginning of each quarter in the Trailing Twelve Months . 
 Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months means (1) (a) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months less (b) any Net Capital Loss (if positive), in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months, divided by (2) the average of our net asset values measured at the beginning of each quarter in the Trailing Twelve Months. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses on our assets, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains or other gains on our assets, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, we will pay no Incentive Fee to Barings in that quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Incentive Fee as calculated above, we will pay Barings the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is equal to or greater than the Incentive Fee as calculated above, we will pay Barings the Incentive Fee for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 The fees that are payable under the Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. The fees are calculated using detailed policies and procedures approved by Barings and the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, and such policies and procedures are consistent with the description of the calculation of the fees set forth above. 
 Barings may elect to defer or waive all or a portion of the fees that would otherwise be paid to it in its sole discretion. Any portion of a fee not taken as to any period will be deferred without interest and may be taken in any such other period prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event (if any) as Barings may determine in its sole discretion. 
 Duration and Termination of Advisory Agreement 
 The Advisory Agreement has an initial term of two years. Thereafter, it shall continue automatically for successive one-year periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, (i) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or (ii) by the vote of the Board, or (iii) by the Adviser upon 90 days' written notice. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act). 
 19 

Payment of Expenses 
 All investment professionals of Barings and its staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services under the Advisory Agreement, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by Barings and not by the Company. The Company bears all other costs and expenses of its operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 organizational and offering expenses; 
 investment advisory and management fees payable under the Advisory Agreement; 
 all other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by the Company or Barings in connection with administering the Company s business (including payments under the Administration Agreement (as defined below) based upon the Company s allocable portion of Barings overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs); and 
 all other expenses of the Company s operations and transactions, including those listed in the Advisory Agreement. 
 Sub-Advisory Agreement 
 Barings has retained Baring International Investment Limited BIIL ), its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, as a sub-adviser to manage the Company s European investments, pursuant to the terms of a sub-advisory agreement (the Sub-Advisory Agreement ). BIIL is an investment adviser registered with the SEC in the United States and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom with its principal office located in London, England. 
 Under the terms of the Sub-Advisory Agreement and except as expressly provided for therein, BIIL provides advisory services with respect to the Company s European investments on terms and conditions that are, as far as possible, identical to the terms and conditions under which Barings itself serves as its investment adviser under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, except as expressly set forth in the Sub-Advisory Agreement, BIIL is entitled to the same rights and protections as Barings is under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Barings maintains oversight responsibilities for BIIL s activities as they relate to the Company s investment portfolio (including BIIL s compliance with the requirements set out, referred to or contemplated by the Advisory Agreement), but BIIL is not under the day-to-day direction and supervision of Barings with respect to such activities; provided, however, that Barings retains ultimate discretion over the selection, acquisition and disposal of assets to or from the Company s investment portfolio. Barings, and not the Company, is solely responsible for paying compensation to BIIL, which amount shall be a portion of the management fees paid by the Company to Barings under the Advisory Agreement, as agreed to between Barings and BIIL from time to time. 
 This Sub-Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for two years from its initial effective date, May 13, 2021, and thereafter will continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (1) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, and (2) the vote of a majority of the Company s directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Sub-Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, (1) by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, (2) by the vote of the Board, (3) by Barings, or (4) by BIIL. The Sub-Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its or the Advisory Agreement s assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act) or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, BIIL had approximately 16.0 billion in assets under management. 
 20 

Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for Barings to operate (in such capacity, the Administrator ), including, but not limited to, providing office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, from time to time, determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The Administrator also, on our behalf and subject to oversight by the Board, arranges for the services of, and oversees, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. 
 We reimburse Barings for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount negotiated and mutually agreed to by Barings and us quarterly in arrears. In no event will the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by us under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. 
 The costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator on behalf of us under the Administration Agreement include, but are not limited to: 
 the allocable portion of the Administrator s rent for our Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the usage thereof by such personnel in connection with their performance of administrative services under the Administration Agreement; 
 the allocable portion of the salaries, bonuses, benefits and expenses of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the time spent by such personnel in connection with performing administrative services for us under the Administration Agreement; 
 the actual cost of goods and services used for us and obtained by the Administrator from entities not affiliated with us, which is reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other methods conforming with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 all fees, costs and expenses associated with the engagement of a sub-administrator, if any; and 
 costs associated with (a) the monitoring and preparation of regulatory reporting, including registration statements and amendments thereto, prospectus supplements, and tax reporting, (b) the coordination and oversight of service provider activities and the direct cost of such contractual matters related thereto and (c) the preparation of all financial statements and the coordination and oversight of audits, regulatory inquiries, certifications and sub-certifications. 
 The Administration Agreement has an initial term of two years and thereafter will continue automatically for successive one-year periods so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the Board, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the Board, or by the Adviser, upon 90 days written notice to the other party. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party. 
 21 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into an expense support agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings may elect to pay certain of our expenses on our behalf Expense Payments ), including organization and offering expenses, provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any of our interest expense or, if applicable following receipt of the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief, if any distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. Any Expense Payment that Barings commits to pay must be paid by Barings to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment is made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to Barings or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar quarter in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to our stockholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar quarter (the amount of such excess referred to herein as Excess Operating Funds ), we will pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to Barings until such time as all Expense Payments made by Barings to us within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by us under the Expense Support Agreement are referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The amount of the Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will equal the lesser of (i) the Excess Operating Funds in such quarter and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Expense Payments made by Barings to us within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter that have not been previously reimbursed by us to Barings; provided that Barings may waive its right to receive all or a portion of any Reimbursement Payment in any particular calendar quarter, in which case such waived amount will remain unreimbursed Expense Payments reimbursable in future quarters pursuant to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 Our obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment will automatically become a liability of ours on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter, except to the extent Barings has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable quarter. The Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will be paid by us to Barings in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds as promptly as possible following such calendar quarter and in no event later than forty-five days after the end of such calendar quarter. 
 Either Barings or us may terminate the Expense Support Agreement at any time, with or without notice, without the payment of any penalty, provided that any Expense Payments that have not been reimbursed by us to Barings will remain our obligation following any such termination, subject to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 Election to be Regulated as a Business Development Company and Regulated Investment Company 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. Our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes have a significant impact on our operations. Some of the most important effects on our operations of our election to be regulated as a BDC and our election to be treated as a RIC are outlined below. 
 We report our investments at market value or fair value with changes in value reported through our consolidated statements of operations. 
 In accordance with the requirements of Article 6 of Regulation S-X, we report all of our investments, including debt investments, at market value or, for investments that do not have a readily available market value, at their fair value in accordance with Barings valuation policy. Changes in these values are reported through our statements of operations under the caption of net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments. See Valuation Process and Determination of Net Asset Value above. 
 22 

We intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders. We generally will be required to pay income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income we do not distribute, actually or constructively, to stockholders. 
 As a RIC, so long as we meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements, we will generally be required to pay U.S. federal income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income and gains we do not distribute (actually or constructively). We intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our income. We may, however, make deemed distributions to our stockholders of any retained net long-term capital gains. If this happens, our stockholders will be treated as if they received an actual distribution of the net capital gains and reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in us. Our stockholders also may be eligible to claim a tax credit (or, in certain circumstances, a tax refund) equal to their allocable share of the corporate-level U.S. federal income tax we pay on the deemed distribution. See Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. We met the minimum distribution requirements for 2022 and continually monitor our distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. 
 In addition, we have a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary (the Taxable Subsidiary ), which holds certain portfolio investments that are listed on the Consolidated Schedules of Investments. The Taxable Subsidiary is consolidated for financial reporting purposes, such that our consolidated financial statements reflect our investments in the portfolio companies owned by the Taxable Subsidiary. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiary is to permit us to hold certain portfolio companies that are organized as LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of the RIC s gross revenue for income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiary, a proportionate amount of any gross income of an LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment would flow through directly to the RIC. To the extent that such income did not consist of qualifying investment income, it could jeopardize our ability to qualify as a RIC and therefore cause us to incur significant amounts of federal income taxes. When LLCs (or other pass-through entities) are owned by the Taxable Subsidiary, their income is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiary and does not flow through to the RIC, thereby helping us preserve our RIC tax treatment and resultant tax advantages. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense or benefit as a result of its ownership of the portfolio companies. This income tax expense or benefit, if any, is reflected in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. Additionally, any unrealized appreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary (net of unrealized depreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary), if any, will be reflected net of applicable federal and state income taxes, if any, in our Consolidated Statement of Operations, with the related deferred tax assets or liabilities, if any, included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 Our ability to use leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments is limited. 
 As a BDC, we are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities of at least 150 . For this purpose, senior securities include all borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future. As a result, our ability to continue to utilize leverage as a means of financing our portfolio of investments may be limited by this asset coverage test. 
 We are required to comply with the provisions of the 1940 Act applicable to business development companies. 
 As a BDC, we are required to have a majority of directors who are not interested persons under the 1940 Act. In addition, we are required to comply with other applicable provisions of the 1940 Act, including those requiring the adoption of a code of ethics, fidelity bonding and investment custody arrangements. See Regulation of Business Development Companies below. 
 23 

Co-Investment Exemptive Relief 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For example, we generally are not permitted to make loans to companies controlled by Barings or other funds managed by Barings. We are also not permitted to make any co-investments with Barings or its affiliates (including any fund managed by Barings or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with Barings) without exemptive relief from the SEC, subject to certain exceptions. The co-investment exemptive relief (the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief that the SEC has granted to Barings permits certain present and future funds, including us, advised by Barings (or an investment adviser controlling, controlled by or under common control with Barings) to co-invest in suitable negotiated investments. Co-investments made under the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 Regulation of Business Development Companies 
 The following is a general summary of the material regulatory provisions affecting BDCs. It does not purport to be a complete description of all of the laws and regulations affecting BDCs. 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. The 1940 Act requires that a majority of the directors on a BDC s board of directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 In addition, the 1940 Act defines a majority of the outstanding voting securities as the lesser of (i) 67.0 or more of the voting securities present at a meeting if the holders of more than 50.0 of our outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy, or (ii) 50.0 of our voting securities. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70.0 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are any of the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act and rules adopted pursuant thereto as any issuer which: 
 (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 (b) is not an investment company (other than an SBIC wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but for exclusions under the 1940 Act for certain financial companies such as private investment funds, banks, brokers, commercial finance companies, mortgage companies and insurance companies; and 
 (c) satisfies any of the following: 
 (i) does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; 
 (ii) is controlled by a BDC or a group of companies including a BDC and the BDC has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; 
 (iii) is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2.0 million; 
 24 

(iv) does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 
 (v) has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250.0 million. 
 (2) Securities in companies that were eligible portfolio companies when we made our initial investment if certain other requirements are satisfied. 
 (3) Securities of any eligible portfolio company that we control. 
 (4) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance (other than conventional lending or financing arrangements). 
 (5) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60.0 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 (6) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (5) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 (7) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2), (3) or (4) above. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70.0 test, we must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where we purchase such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby we, through our directors, officers or employees, offer to provide, and, if accepted, do so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Barings provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We may receive fees for these services. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70.0 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. Government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25.0 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the asset diversification tests required to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our management team will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 25 

Senior Securities 
 As a BDC, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of debt and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding (other than senior securities representing indebtedness issued in consideration of a privately arranged loan which is not intended to be publicly distributed), we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5.0 of the value of our total assets for temporary purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure Incurring additional leverage may magnify our exposure to risks associated with leverage, including fluctuations in interest rates that could adversely affect our profitability included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 We and Barings have adopted a code of ethics (the Global Code of Ethics Policy ), which covers ethics and business conduct. This document applies to our and Barings directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and any person performing similar functions, and establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to the Global Code of Ethics Policy may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. We will report any amendments to or waivers of a required provision of our Global Code of Ethics Policy under cover of a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and Barings have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws, and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and to designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering such policies and procedures. Gerald Cummins serv es as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We delegate our proxy voting responsibilities to Barings. Barings votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in a manner which we believe will be in the best interest of our stockholders. Barings reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by us. Although Barings generally votes against proposals that may have a negative impact on our portfolio securities, they may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The proxy voting decisions of Barings are made by the investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of its clients investments. To ensure that their vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, Barings requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our chief compliance officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Stockholders may, without charge, obtain information regarding how we voted proxies with respect to our portfolio securities by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Chief Compliance Officer, 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 or by calling our investor relations department at 888-401-1088. 
 
 26 

Other 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of those members of the Board who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. The 1940 Act prohibits us from making certain negotiated co-investments with affiliates absent prior approval of the SEC. Barings existing Co-Investment Exemptive Relief permits us and Barings affiliated private funds and SEC-registered funds to co-invest in loans originated by Barings, which allows Barings to implement its senior secured private debt investment strategy for us. 
 We are periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Sarbanes-Oxley Act Compliance 
 We are subject to the reporting and disclosure requirements of the Exchange Act, including the filing of quarterly, annual and current reports, proxy statements and other required items. In addition, we are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), which imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on SEC-registered companies and their insiders. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 
 pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports are required to disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management is required to prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, and, starting from the date on which we cease to be an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act (as defined below), must obtain an audit of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting performed by our independent registered public accounting firm should we become an accelerated filer; and 
 pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 
 JOBS Act 
 We currently are, and expect to remain, an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act JOBS Act ), until the earliest of: 
 the last day of our fiscal year in which the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement; 
 the end of the fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues first equal or exceed 1.235 billion; 
 the date on which we have, during the prior three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and 
 the last day of a fiscal year in which we (1) have an aggregate worldwide market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates of 700.0 million or more, computed at the end of each fiscal year as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter and (2) have been an Exchange Act reporting company for at least one year (and filed at least one annual report under the Exchange Act). 
 27 

Under the JOBS Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank ), we are exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which would require that our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, until such time as we cease to be an emerging growth company and become an accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. This may increase the risk that material weaknesses or other deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. 
 Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the extended transition period. 
 Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us and to an investment in our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to us or to investors in such an investment. For example, we have not described tax consequences that we assume to be generally known by investors or certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, U.S. stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares and persons who hold our shares as part of a straddle, hedge or conversion transaction. This summary assumes that investors hold shares of our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 
 For purposes of our discussion, a U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 a citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 a trust if (i) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 For purposes of our discussion, a Non-U.S. stockholder means a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is neither a U.S. stockholder nor a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes (a partnership holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner or member of the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner or member and the activities of the partnership. A prospective stockholder that is a partner or member in a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult his, her or its tax advisors with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of 
 28 

U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any changes in the tax laws. 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC 
 We have qualified and elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2021. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders from our tax earnings and profits. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, in order to obtain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income ICTI ), which is generally our net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gain over realized net long-term capital loss, (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). Even if we qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we generally will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed taxable income and could be subject to U.S. federal excise, state, local and foreign taxes. 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 Provided that we qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our ICTI and net capital gain (which we define as net long-term capital gain in excess of net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98.0 of our ordinary income for each calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the calendar year and (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years and on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax. 
 In order to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 meet the Annual Distribution Requirement; 
 qualify to be treated as a BDC or be registered as a management investment company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or other securities or foreign currencies or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code), or the 90 Income Test; and 
 diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly traded partnership and 
 no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. Government securities or securities of other RICs, (i) of one issuer (ii) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships, or the Diversification Tests. 
 To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ), we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the 
 29 

partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets held by partnerships (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership in which we are a partner for purposes of the Diversification Tests. 
 In order to meet the 90 Income Test, we utilize the Taxable Subsidiary, and in the future may establish additional such corporations, to hold assets from which we do not anticipate earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any investments held through a Taxable Subsidiary generally are subject to U.S. federal income and other taxes, and therefore we can expect to achieve a reduced after-tax yield on such investments. 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute OID or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. 
 Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and to avoid the 4.0 U.S. federal excise tax, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement necessary to obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulty that requires us to work-out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company. Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non-cash income. Any restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non-qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test, such as cancellation of indebtedness income in connection with the work-out of a leveraged investment (which, while not free from doubt, may be treated as non-qualifying income) or the receipt of other non-qualifying income. 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 Investments by us in non-U.S. securities may be subject to non-U.S. income, withholding and other taxes, and therefore, our yield on any such securities may be reduced by such non-U.S. taxes. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a credit or deduction with respect to non-U.S. taxes paid by us. 
 If we purchase shares in a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a portion of any excess distribution or gain from the disposition of such shares even if such income is distributed as a taxable dividend by us to our stockholders. Additional charges in the nature of interest may be imposed on us in respect of deferred taxes arising from such distributions or gains. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a qualified electing fund under the Code, or QEF, in lieu of the foregoing requirements, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to it. Alternatively, we can elect to mark-to-market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. 
 30 

Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of our distributions from PFICs and our proceeds from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4 U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Under Section 988 of the Code, gain or loss attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses, or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss. Similarly, gain or loss on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also treated as ordinary income or loss. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Regulation of Business Development Companies Qualifying Assets above. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (i) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (ii) other requirements relating to our tax treatment as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or otherwise fail to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC in any taxable year, we will be subject to tax in that year on all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. In that case, all of such income will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax, reducing the amount available to be distributed to our stockholders. See Failure To Obtain RIC Tax Treatment below. 
 As a RIC, we are not allowed to carry forward or carry back a net operating loss for purposes of computing our ICTI in other taxable years. U.S. federal income tax law generally permits a RIC to carry forward (i) the excess of its net short-term capital loss over its net long-term capital gain for a given year as a short-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year and (ii) the excess of its net long-term capital loss over its net short-term capital gain for a given year as a long-term capital loss arising on the first day of the following year. Future transactions we engage in may cause our ability to use any capital loss carryforwards, and unrealized losses once realized, to be limited under Section 382 of the Code. Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effect of these provisions. 
 As described above, to the extent that we invest in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the effect of such investments for purposes of the 90 Income Test and the Diversification Tests will depend on whether or not the partnership is a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code). If the entity is a qualified publicly traded partnership, the net income derived from such investments will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and will be securities for purposes of the Diversification Tests. However, if the entity is not treated as a qualified publicly traded partnership, the consequences of an investment in the partnership will depend upon the amount and type of income and assets of the partnership allocable to us. The income derived from such investments may not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test and, therefore, could adversely affect our tax treatment as a RIC. We intend to monitor our investments in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes to prevent our disqualification from tax treatment as a RIC. 
 31 

We may invest in preferred securities or other securities the U.S. federal income tax treatment of which may not be clear or may be subject to recharacterization by the IRS. To the extent the tax treatment of such securities or the income from such securities differs from the expected tax treatment, it could affect the timing or character of income recognized, requiring us to purchase or sell securities, or otherwise change our portfolio, in order to comply with the tax rules applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash or shares of our common stock at the election of each stockholder. Under certain applicable provisions of the Code and the Treasury regulations, distributions payable in cash or in shares of stock at the election of stockholders are treated as taxable dividends. The Internal Revenue Service has published guidance with respect to publicly offered RICs indicating that this rule will apply even where the total amount of cash that may be distributed is limited to no more than 20 of the total distribution (10 in case of distributions through June 30, 2022). Under this guidance, if too many stockholders elect to receive their distributions in cash, the cash available for distribution must be allocated among the stockholders electing to receive cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). If we are able to and decide to make any distributions consistent with this guidance that are payable in part in our stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend (whether received in cash, our stock, or a combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. 
 Failure to Obtain RIC Tax Treatment 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level federal taxes or to dispose of certain assets). 
 If we were unable to obtain tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would they be required to be made. Distributions would generally be taxable to our stockholders as dividend income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits (in the case of non-corporate U.S. stockholders, generally at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income of 20 ). Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. 
 If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then, seek to re-qualify for tax treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to corporate-level taxation on any built-in gain recognized during the succeeding five-year period unless we made a special election to recognize all such built-in gain upon our re-qualification for tax treatment as a RIC and to pay the corporate-level tax on such built-in gain. 
 The remainder of this discussion assumes that we will qualify as a RIC. 
 32 

Possible Legislative or Other Actions Affecting Tax Considerations 
 Prospective investors should recognize that the present U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our stock may be modified by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, and that any such action may affect investments and commitments previously made. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, resulting in revisions of regulations and revised interpretations of established concepts as well as statutory changes. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations thereof could affect the tax consequences of an investment in our stock. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risk Relating to Our Business and Structure We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Withholding 
 Our distributions generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. tax purposes and will be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax unless the shareholder receiving the dividend qualifies for an exemption from U.S. tax or the distribution is subject to one of the special look-through rules described below. Distributions paid out of net capital gains can qualify for a reduced rate of taxation in the hands of an individual U.S. shareholder and an exemption from U.S. tax in the hands of a non-U.S. shareholder. 
 Under an exemption, properly reported dividend distributions by RICs paid out of certain interest income (such distributions, interest-related dividends are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax for non-U.S. shareholders. Under such exemption, a non-U.S. shareholder generally may receive interest-related dividends free of U.S. withholding tax if the shareholder would not have been subject to U.S. withholding tax if it had received the underlying interest income directly. No assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be eligible for this exemption from U.S. withholding tax or, if eligible, will be reported as such by us. In particular, the exemption does not apply to distributions paid in respect of a RIC s non-U.S. source interest income, its dividend income or its foreign currency gains. In the case shares of our stock are held through an intermediary, the intermediary may withhold U.S. federal income tax even if we report the payment as a dividend eligible for the exemption. 
 State and Local Tax Treatment 
 The state and local tax treatment may differ from U.S. federal income tax treatment. 
 The discussion set forth herein does not constitute tax advice, and potential investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations relevant to their particular situation. 
 Available Information 
 A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other reports is available without charge upon written request to Investor Relations, Barings Private Credit Corporation, 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. The SEC maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains our periodic and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information filed electronically by us with the SEC. 
 33 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our securities involves a number of significant risks. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider carefully the following information before making an investment in our securities. The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or not presently deemed material by us might also impair our operations and performance. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, our net asset value, could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 
 The following is a summary of the principal risk factors associated with an investment in our securities. Further details regarding each risk included in the below summary list can be found further below. 
 We have a limited operating history. 
 We are dependent upon Barings access to its investment professionals for our success. 
 Our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value as determined in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policies and procedures and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 There are potential conflicts of interest, including the management of other investment funds and accounts by Barings, which could impact our investment returns. 
 The fee structure under the Advisory Agreement may induce Barings to pursue speculative investments and incur leverage, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. 
 Our financing agreements contain various covenants, which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations thereunder, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 Inflation could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 There is no public market for our common securities, and we do not expect there to be a market for our securities. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Structure 
 We have a limited operating history. 
 We began operations upon the Initial Closing and have a limited operating history. As a result, we have limited financial information on which you can evaluate an investment in our company or our prior performance. We are subject to all of the business risks and uncertainties associated with any new business, including the risk that we will not achieve our investment objective and that the value of your investment could decline substantially or your investment could become worthless. 
 We are dependent upon Barings access to its investment professionals for our success. 
 We depend on the diligence, skill and network of business contacts of Barings investment professionals to source appropriate investments for us. We depend on members of Barings investment team to appropriately analyze our investments and the relevant investment committee to approve and monitor our portfolio investments. Barings investment teams, evaluate, negotiate, structure, close and monitor our investments. Our future success depends on the continued availability of the members of Barings investment committee and the other investment professionals available to Barings. We do not have employment agreements with these individuals or other key personnel of Barings, and we cannot provide any assurance that unforeseen business, medical, personal or other circumstances would not lead any such individual to terminate his or her relationship with Barings. If these individuals do not 
 34 

maintain their existing relationships with Barings and its affiliates or do not develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to identify appropriate replacements or grow our investment portfolio. The loss of any member of Barings investment committee or of other investment professionals of Barings and its affiliates may limit our ability to achieve our investment objectives and operate as we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Barings evaluates, negotiates, structures, closes and monitors our investments in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement. We can offer no assurance, however, that the investment professionals of Barings will continue to provide investment advice to us or that we will continue to have access to Barings investment professionals or its information and deal flow. Further, there can be no assurance that Barings will replicate its own historical success, and we caution you that our investment returns could be substantially lower than the returns achieved by other funds managed by Barings. 
 Our business model depends to a significant extent upon strong referral relationships, and our inability to maintain or develop these relationships, as well as the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 We depend upon Barings and its affiliates relationships with sponsors, and we intend to rely to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If Barings or its affiliates fail to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sponsors or sources of investment opportunities, we will not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the principals of Barings have relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, we can offer no assurance that these relationships will generate investment opportunities for us in the future. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations will depend on our ability to manage and deploy capital effectively. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives will depend on our ability to effectively manage and deploy our capital, which will depend, in turn, on Barings ability to continue to identify, evaluate, invest in and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. We cannot assure you that we will achieve our investment objectives. 
 Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis will be largely a function of Barings handling of the investment process, their ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services and our access to investments offering acceptable terms. Barings investment professionals may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. These demands on their time may distract them or slow the rate of investment. 
 Even if we are able to grow and build upon our investment operations in a manner commensurate with any capital made available to us as a result of our operating activities, financing activities and/or offerings of our securities, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The results of our operations will depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible short- and long-term funding alternatives in the financial markets and general economic conditions. Furthermore, if we cannot successfully operate our business or implement our investment policies and strategies as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, it could negatively impact our ability to pay distributions and cause you to lose part or all of your investment. 
 Our investment portfolio is and will continue to be recorded at fair value as determined in accordance with the Adviser s valuation policies and procedures and, as a result, there is and will continue to be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board. The Board has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform our fair value determinations relating to the value of our assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 35 

Typically there is not a public market for the securities of the privately held middle-market companies in which we have invested and will generally continue to invest. The Adviser conducts the valuation of such investments, upon which the Company s net asset value is primarily based, in accordance with its valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by the Adviser and have been approved by the Board. The Adviser has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets held by us. The Adviser uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, the Adviser will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by the Adviser's pricing committee. See Item 1. Business Valuation Process and Determination of Net Asset Value included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a detailed description of our valuation process. 
 The determination of fair value and consequently, the amount of unrealized appreciation and depreciation in our portfolio, is to a certain degree subjective and dependent on the judgment of Barings. Certain factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s earnings and its ability to make payments on its indebtedness, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to comparable publicly-traded companies, discounted cash flows and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, the Adviser s fair value determinations may cause our net asset value on a given date to materially understate or overstate the value that we may ultimately realize upon the sale or disposition of one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing our securities based on an overstated net asset value would pay a higher price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling shares during a period in which the net asset value understates the value of our investments will receive a lower price for their shares than the value of our investments might warrant. 
 We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. 
 A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we make. We compete with public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and some have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to qualify as a RIC. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. 
 With respect to the investments we make, we do not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates we offer. In the secondary market for acquiring existing loans, we compete generally on the basis of pricing terms. With respect to all investments, we may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. 
 36 

There are potential conflicts of interest, including the management of other investment funds and accounts by Barings, which could impact our investment returns. 
 Our executive officers and the members of Barings investment committee, as well as the other principals of Barings, manage other funds affiliated with Barings, including other closed-end investment companies. In addition, Barings investment team has responsibilities for managing U.S. and global middle-market debt investments for certain other investment funds and accounts. Accordingly, they have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of, or may be adverse to our and our stockholders interests. In addition, certain of the other funds and accounts managed by Barings may provide for higher management or incentive fees, greater expense reimbursements or overhead allocations, or permit Barings and its affiliates to receive higher origination and other transaction fees, all of which may contribute to this conflict of interest and create an incentive for Barings to favor such other funds or accounts. Although the professional staff of Barings devote as much time to our management as appropriate to enable Barings to perform its duties in accordance with the Advisory Agreement, the investment professionals of Barings may have conflicts in allocating their time and services among us, on the one hand, and the other investment vehicles managed by Barings or one or more of its affiliates on the other hand. 
 Barings may face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities between us and affiliated investment vehicles that have overlapping investment objectives with ours. Although Barings will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner in accordance with its allocation policies and procedures, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by Barings or an investment manager affiliated with Barings if such investment is prohibited by the 1940 Act, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to participate in all investment opportunities that are suitable to us. 
 Conflicts may also arise because portfolio decisions regarding our portfolio may benefit Barings affiliates. Barings' affiliates may pursue or enforce rights with respect to one of our portfolio companies on behalf of other funds or accounts managed by it, and those activities may have an adverse effect on us. 
 Barings, its investment committee, or its affiliates may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. 
 Principals of Barings and its affiliates and members of Barings investment committee may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, companies in which we invest, the securities of which are purchased or sold on our behalf. In the event that material nonpublic information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with Barings and its affiliates is restricted. 
 BDCs generally are prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates without the prior approval of their independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Those transactions include purchases and sales, and so-called joint transactions, in which a BDC and one or more of its affiliates engage in certain types of profit-making activities. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5.0 or more of a BDC s outstanding voting securities will be considered an affiliate of the BDC for purposes of the 1940 Act, and a BDC generally is prohibited from engaging in purchases or sales of assets or joint transactions with such affiliates, absent the prior approval of the BDC s independent directors. Additionally, without the approval of the SEC, a BDC is prohibited from engaging in purchases or sales of assets or joint transactions with the BDC s officers and directors, and investment adviser, including funds managed by the investment adviser and its affiliates. 
 BDCs may, however, invest alongside certain related parties or their respective other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with current law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, a BDC may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting the BDC and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are 
 37 

met, including that the BDC s investment adviser, acting on the BDC s behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. 
 The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. Pursuant to the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief, we are generally permitted to co-invest with funds affiliated with Barings if a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. Co-investments made under the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 In situations where co-investment with other affiliated funds or accounts is not permitted or appropriate, Barings will need to decide which account will proceed with the investment in accordance with its allocation policies and procedures. Although Barings will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner in accordance with its allocation policies and procedures, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by Barings or an investment manager affiliated with Barings if such investment is prohibited by the 1940 Act. These restrictions, and similar restrictions that limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors or their affiliates, including funds managed by Barings, may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 We are subject to risks associated with investing alongside other third parties. 
 We have invested and may in the future invest alongside third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. Such investments may involve risks not present in investments where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that such third party may at any time have economic or business interests or goals which are inconsistent with ours, or may be in a position to take action contrary to our investment objectives. In addition, we may in certain circumstances be liable for actions of such third party. 
 More specifically, joint ventures involve a third party that has approval rights over certain activities of the joint venture. The third party may take actions that are inconsistent with our interests. For example, the third party may decline to approve an investment for the joint venture that we otherwise want the joint venture to make. A joint venture may also use investment leverage which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. Generally, the amount of borrowings by the joint venture is not included when calculating our total borrowings and related leverage ratios and is not subject to asset coverage requirements imposed by the 1940 Act. If the activities of the joint venture were required to be consolidated with our activities because of a change in GAAP rules or SEC staff interpretations, it is likely that we would have to reorganize any such joint venture. 
 The fee structure under the Advisory Agreement may induce Barings to pursue speculative investments and incur leverage, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The base management fee is calculated based on our gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage (but excluding cash or cash equivalents and net unsettled purchases and sales of investments). Accordingly, the base management fee is payable regardless of whether the value of our gross assets and/or your investment has decreased during the then-current quarter and creates an incentive for Barings to incur leverage, which may not be consistent with our stockholders interests. 
 The incentive fee payable to Barings is calculated based on a percentage of our return on invested capital. The incentive fee payable to Barings may create an incentive for Barings to make investments on our behalf that are risky or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such a compensation arrangement. Unlike the base management fee, the incentive fee is payable only if the hurdle rate is achieved. Because the portfolio earns investment income on gross assets while the hurdle rate is based on invested capital, and because the use of leverage increases gross assets without any corresponding increase in invested capital, Barings may be incentivized to incur leverage to grow the portfolio, which will tend to enhance returns where our portfolio has positive returns and 
 38 

increase the chances that such hurdle rate is achieved. Conversely, the use of leverage may increase losses where our portfolio has negative returns, which would impair the value of our common stock. 
 In addition, the incentive fee Barings may receive under the Advisory Agreement is subject to a cap that adjusts based, in part, on our net capital gains and losses during the relevant measurement period. This may incentivize Barings to invest more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income-producing securities. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders and could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. 
 Barings liability is limited under the Advisory Agreement, and we are required to indemnify Barings against certain liabilities, which may lead Barings to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, Barings and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with Barings will not be liable to us, and we have agreed to indemnify them, for their acts under the Advisory Agreement, absent fraud, willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. These protections may lead Barings to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 Barings is able to resign as our investment adviser and/or our administrator upon 90 days notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. 
 Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, Barings has the right to resign as our investment adviser upon 90 days written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. Similarly, Barings has the right under the Administration Agreement to resign upon 90 days written notice, whether a replacement has been found or not. If Barings resigns, it may be difficult to find a replacement investment adviser or administrator, as applicable, or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 90 days, or at all. If a replacement is not found quickly, our business, results of operations and financial condition as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the value of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by Barings. Even if a comparable service provider or individuals performing such services are retained, whether internal or external, their integration into our business and lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our long-term ability to fund new investments and make distributions to our stockholders could be limited if we are unable to renew, extend, replace or expand our current borrowing arrangements, or if financing becomes more expensive or less available. 
 There can be no guarantee that we will be able to renew, extend, replace or expand our current borrowing arrangements on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Our ability to obtain replacement financing will be constrained by then-current economic conditions affecting the credit markets. Our inability to renew, extend, replace or expand these borrowings arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund new investments, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC under the Code. 
 Although we have commenced a share repurchase program, we have discretion to not repurchase stockholders shares, to suspend the program, and to cease repurchases. 
 The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time in its discretion. Stockholders may not be able to sell their shares at all in the event the Board amends, suspends or terminates the share repurchase program, absent a liquidity event, and we currently do not intend to undertake a liquidity event, and we are not obligated by our Articles of Incorporation or otherwise to effect a liquidity event at any time. If less than 
 39 

the full amount of the shares of common stock requested to be repurchased in any given repurchase offer are repurchased, funds will be allocated pro rata based on the total number of shares being repurchased without regard to class. The share repurchase program has many limitations, and will be subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under our financing arrangements and regulatory restrictions, and should not be relied upon as a method to sell shares promptly or at a desired price. 
 The timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our stockholders. 
 In the event a stockholder chooses to participate in our share repurchase program, the stockholder will be required to provide us with notice of intent to participate prior to knowing what the net asset value per share of our common stock will be on the repurchase date. Although a stockholder will have the ability to withdraw a repurchase request prior to the repurchase date, to the extent a stockholder seeks to sell shares to us as part of our periodic share repurchase program, the stockholder will be required to do so without knowledge of what the repurchase price of our shares will be on the repurchase date. 
 We may be subject to PIK interest payments. 
 Certain of our debt investments may contain provisions providing for the payment of PIK interest. Because PIK interest results in an increase in the size of the loan balance of the underlying loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest will have the effect of increasing our assets under management. As a result, because the base management fee that we pay to the Investment Adviser is based on the value of our gross assets, the receipt by us of PIK interest will result in an increase in the amount of the base management fee payable by us. In addition, any such increase in a loan balance due to the receipt of PIK interest will cause such loan to accrue interest on the higher loan balance, which will result in an increase in our pre-incentive fee net investment income and, as a result, an increase in incentive fees that are payable by us to the Investment Adviser. 
 To the extent original issue discount instruments, such as zero coupon bonds and PIK loans, constitute a significant portion of the Company s income, investors will be exposed to typical risks associated with such income being required to be included in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: (a) the higher interest rates of PIK loans reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; (b) PIK loans may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; (c) market prices of zero-coupon or PIK securities are affected to a greater extent by interest rate changes and may be more volatile than securities that pay interest periodically and in cash, and PIKs are usually less volatile than zero-coupon bonds, but more volatile than cash pay securities; (d) because original issue discount income is accrued without any cash being received by the Company, required cash distributions may have to be paid from offering proceeds or the sale of Company assets without investors being given any notice of this fact; (e) the deferral of PIK interest increases the loan-to-value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan; (f) even if the accounting conditions for income accrual are met, the borrower could still default when the Company s actual payment is due at the maturity of the loan; and (g) original issue discount creates risk of non-refundable cash payments to our Investment Adviser based on non-cash accruals that may never be realized. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. 
 Our business requires capital to operate and grow. In the future, we may issue debt securities or preferred stock, and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities. As a result of issuing senior securities, we will be exposed to additional risks, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 Under the provisions of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, as a BDC, to issue senior securities only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If 
 40 

that happens, we may be prohibited from declaring a dividend or making any distribution to stockholders or repurchasing our shares until such time as we satisfy this test. 
 Any amounts that we use to service our debt or make payments on preferred stock will not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. 
 Our current indebtedness is, and it is likely that any securities or other indebtedness we may issue will be, governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, some of these securities or other indebtedness may be rated by rating agencies, and in obtaining a rating for such securities and other indebtedness, we may be required to abide by operating and investment guidelines that further restrict operating and financial flexibility. 
 We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities and other indebtedness. 
 Preferred stock or any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock, including separate voting rights and could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in control to the detriment of the holders of our common stock. 
 Our financing agreements contain various covenants, which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations thereunder, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. 
 We will have a continuing need for capital to finance our investments. We are party to various financing agreements from time to time which contain customary terms and conditions, including, without limitation, affirmative and negative covenants such as information reporting requirements, minimum stockholders equity, minimum obligators net worth, minimum asset coverage, maximum net debt to equity, minimum liquidity and maintenance of RIC and BDC status. These financing arrangements also contain customary events of default with customary cure and notice provisions, including, without limitation, nonpayment, misrepresentation of representations and warranties in a material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, change of control, and material adverse effect. 
 Our continued compliance with the covenants under these financing agreements depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to comply with such covenants. Our failure to satisfy the respective covenants or otherwise default under one of our financing arrangements could result in foreclosure by the lenders thereunder, which would accelerate our repayment obligations under the financing arrangement and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. 
 We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 To the extent we borrow money or issue debt securities or preferred stock to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay interest or dividends on such debt securities or preferred stock and the rate at which we invest these funds. The recent increases in the general level of interest rates have led to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, which may result in an increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to Barings. Also, the recent increases in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our distribution rate, which could reduce the value of our common stock. 
 In addition, uncertainty relating to the LIBOR calculation process may adversely affect the value of the LIBOR-indexed, floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or the cost of our borrowings. National and international regulators and law enforcement agencies have conducted investigations into a number of rates or indices that are deemed to be reference rates. Actions by such regulators and law enforcement agencies may result in changes to the manner in which certain reference rates are determined, their discontinuance, or the establishment of alternative reference rates. In March 2021, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority publicly announced that all U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be 
 41 

representative (i) immediately after December 31, 2021 for one-week and two-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings and (ii) immediately after June 30, 2023 for the remaining U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings. Although most U.S. dollar LIBOR rates will continue to be published through June 30, 2023, the Financial Conduct Authority no longer compels panel banks to continue to contribute to LIBOR and the Federal Reserve Board, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation have encouraged banks to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR as a reference rate. The U.S. Federal Reserve, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, supports replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by Treasury securities. 
 Some regulators have prohibited the use of any LIBOR benchmarks in new contracts and have required that regulated entities transition existing contracts to another benchmark prior to June 30, 2023. Although settings of such LIBOR benchmarks may continue to be available, such prohibitions and requirements may adversely affect the value of floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or issued by us. Moreover, at this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates will become accepted alternatives to LIBOR. Although there are an increasing number of issuances utilizing SOFR or the Sterling Over Night Index Average, or SONIA, an alternative reference rate that is based on transactions, these alternative reference rates may not attain market acceptance as replacements for LIBOR. The transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is complex and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including as a result of any changes in the pricing of our investments, changes to the documentation for certain of our investments and the pace of such changes, disputes and other actions regarding the interpretation of current and prospective loan documentation or modifications to processes and systems. 
 In anticipation of the cessation of LIBOR, we may need to renegotiate any credit agreements extending beyond June 30, 2023 with our portfolio companies that utilize LIBOR as a factor in determining the interest rate or rely on certain fallback provisions that could cause interest rates to shift to a base rate plus a margin. Any such renegotiations may affect financial condition and results of operations as a result of changes in interest rates payable to us by our portfolio companies. 
 Alteration of the terms of a debt instrument or a modification of the terms of other types of contracts to replace an interbank offered rate with a new reference rate could result in a taxable exchange and the realization of income and gain/loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The IRS has issued final regulations regarding the tax consequences of the transition from interbank offered rates to new reference rates in debt instruments and non-debt contracts. Under the final regulations, alteration or modification of the terms of a debt instrument to replace an operative rate that uses a discontinued interbank offered rate with a qualified rate (as defined in the final regulations), add a qualified rate as a fallback rate to a contract whose operative rate uses a discontinued interbank offered rate or replace a fallback rate that uses a discontinued interbank offered rate with a qualified rate would not be taxable. The IRS may provide additional guidance, with potential retroactive effect. 
 Furthermore, because a rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments, an increase in interest rates would make it easier for us to meet or exceed the incentive fee hurdle rate in the investment advisory agreement and may result in a substantial increase of the amount of incentive fees payable to Barings with respect to pre-incentive fee net investment income. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2021 NPA and the May 2022 NPA have, and any other credit facilities we may enter into may have, potential limits. 
 Our wholly-owned subsidiary s, BPC Funding LLC BPC Funding ), senior secured revolving credit facility with BNP Paribas BNPP (as amended, the Revolving Credit Facility is backed by, and any future borrowing facility may be backed by, all or a portion of our or our subsidiaries loans and securities on which the lenders may have a security interest. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions 
 42 

with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 In addition, any security interests as well as negative covenants that the Revolving Credit Facility includes or any other borrowing facility may include may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if the borrowing base under the Revolving Credit Facility or any other borrowing facility were to decrease, we would be required to secure additional assets in an amount equal to any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency or any remaining assets are not eligible to be included in the borrowing base under the relevant financing agreement, we could be required to repay advances under the relevant borrowing facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to pay dividends. 
 In addition, we and our financing subsidiary are subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used under the Revolving Credit Facility and any future credit facility may include similar limitations, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2021 NPA, the May 2022 NPA (each as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) or any other borrowing facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our revenues and, by delaying any cash payment allowed to us under the relevant borrowing facility until the lenders have been paid in full, reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business and maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 We may default under the Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2021 NPA, the May 2022 NPA or our other borrowing arrangements. 
 We and our wholly-owned subsidiary, BPC Funding, have entered into the Revolving Credit Facility. We have also issued the July 2026 Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) pursuant to the terms of the July 2021 NPA, the May 2027 Notes (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) pursuant to the terms of the May 2022 NPA, and may enter into one or more additional credit facilities or other borrowing arrangements. We intend to use borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and any future credit facility or other financing arrangement to make additional investments and for other general corporate purposes. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to close any additional credit facilities, increase amounts available under the Revolving Credit Facility or otherwise obtain other financing. 
 In the event we or our relevant subsidiary defaults under the Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2021 NPA, or the May 2022 NPA or any other future borrowing facility or financing arrangement, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under the Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2021 NPA, the May 2022 NPA or such future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 43 

We invest in revolving credit facilities or may make other similar financial commitments. 
 We have acquired and expect to continue to acquire or originate revolving credit facilities. As a result, there is a risk that we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund all or a portion of the amounts due and there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet our funding obligations under a revolving credit facility and that such failure will not have an adverse effect on us. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that a borrower will fully draw down on its available line of credit under a revolving credit line and, as a result, our returns could be adversely affected. 
 Furthermore, the unfunded portion of our investments in revolving credit facilities and other financial commitments may represent a substantial portion of our assets. As a result, in certain circumstances, we may need to retain investment income, borrow funds or liquidate certain investments prematurely at potentially significant discounts to market value if we do not have sufficient liquid assets to meet these commitments; however, we will not borrow in excess of applicable limitations under the 1940 Act. 
 We may invest in derivatives or other assets that expose us to certain risks, including market risk, liquidity risk and other risks similar to those associated with the use of leverage. 
 The Company may invest in derivatives and other assets that are subject to many of the same types of risks related to the use of leverage. In October 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act regarding the ability of a BDC to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations. Under Rule 18f-4, BDCs that use derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under Rule 18f-4. Under Rule 18f-4, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement (which may include delayed draw and revolving loans) that will not be deemed to be a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Collectively, these requirements may limit the Company s ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. 
 The Company has adopted updated policies and procedures in compliance with Rule 18f-4. The Company expects to qualify as a limited derivatives user under Rule 18f-4. Future legislation or rules may modify how the Company treats derivatives and other financial arrangements for purposes of the Company s compliance with the leverage limitations of the 1940 Act. Future legislation or rules may modify how leverage is calculated under the 1940 Act and, therefore, may increase or decrease the amount of leverage currently available to the Company under the 1940 Act, which may be materially adverse to the Company and its stockholders. 
 Incurring additional leverage may magnify our exposure to risks associated with leverage, including fluctuations in interest rates that could adversely affect our profitability. 
 As part of our business strategy, we borrow under financing agreements with certain banks, and in the future may borrow money and issue debt securities to banks, insurance companies and other lenders. Our obligations under these arrangements are or may be secured by a material portion of our assets. As a result, these lenders are or may have claims that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and have or may have fixed-dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our stockholders. Also, if the value of our assets decreases, leverage will cause our net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have without leverage. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have if we had not borrowed. This decline could negatively affect our ability to make dividend payments on our common stock. 
 Because we incur additional leverage, general interest rate fluctuations may have a more significant negative impact on our investments than they would have absent such additional leverage and, accordingly, may have a material adverse effect on our operating results. A portion of our income will depend upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the interest rate on the debt securities in which we invest. Because we borrow money to make investments and may issue debt securities, preferred stock or other securities, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds or pay interest or dividends on such debt securities, preferred stock or other securities and the rate at which we invest these funds. Typically, our 
 44 

interest earning investments accrue and pay interest at variable rates, and our interest-bearing liabilities accrue interest at variable or potentially fixed rates. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 
 The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming that we employ (i) our actual asset coverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and (ii) a hypothetical asset coverage ratio of 150 , each at various annual returns on our portfolio as of December 31, 2022, net of expenses. The purpose of this table is to assist investors in understanding the effects of leverage. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical, and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. 
 Assumed Return on our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) (10.0) (5.0) 0.0 5.0 10.0 Corresponding return to common stockholder assuming actual asset coverage as of December 31, 2022(1) (27.4) (16.9) (6.4) 4.2 14.7 Corresponding return to common stockholder assuming 150 asset coverage as of December 31, 2022(2) (42.2) (26.8) (11.5) 3.9 19.3 
 (1) Assumes 2,288.7 million in total assets, 1,204.7 million in debt outstanding, 1,087.3 million in net assets and an average cost of funds of 5.732 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022. The assumed amount of debt outstanding for this example includes 795.3 million of outstanding borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022, 150.0 million aggregate principal amount of July 2026 Notes outstanding, 155.0 million aggregate principal amount of May 2027 Notes and 18.6 million outstanding of Secured Borrowings (as defined below under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) outstanding and assumed additional borrowings of 35.4 million to settle our payable from unsettled transactions as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Assumes 3,344.5 million in total assets, 2,174.8 million in debt outstanding and 1,087.3 million in net assets as of December 31, 2022, and an average cost of funds of 5.732 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our borrowings at December 31, 2022. 
 Based on our total outstanding indebtedness of 1,118.8 million as of December 31, 2022, assumed additional borrowings of 35.4 million to settle our payable from unsettled transactions as of December 31, 2022 and an average cost of funds of 5.732 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio must experience an annual return of at least 3.02 to cover annual interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness. 
 Based on outstanding indebtedness of 2,174.8 million calculated assuming a 150 asset coverage ratio as of December 31, 2022 and an average cost of funds of 5.732 , which was the weighted average borrowing cost of our outstanding borrowings at December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio must experience an annual return of at least 3.73 to cover annual interest payments on our outstanding indebtedness. 
 Our Board of Directors may change our investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse. 
 The Board has the authority to modify or waive our current investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval (except as required by the 1940 Act). However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and value of our stock. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay you distributions and cause you to lose all 
 45 

or part of your investment. Moreover, we will have significant flexibility in investing the net proceeds from the Private Offering and any future offering and may use the net proceeds from such offerings in ways with which investors may not agree or for purposes other than those contemplated at the time of the offering. 
 We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, which will adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code, which generally allows us to avoid being subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. To maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code, we must meet the following annual distribution, income source and asset diversification requirements: 
 The Annual Distribution Requirement for a RIC will be satisfied if we distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90.0 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gain in excess of net long-term capital loss, or ICTI, if any. We will be subject to a 4.0 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax, however, to the extent that we do not satisfy certain additional minimum distribution requirements on a calendar year basis. Because we use debt financing, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and are currently, and may in the future become, subject to certain financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 
 The income source requirement will be satisfied if we obtain at least 90.0 of our income for each year from distributions, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities or similar sources. 
 The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year. To satisfy this requirement, at least 50.0 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other acceptable securities, provided such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and no more than 25.0 of the value of our assets can be invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC tax treatment. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. 
 If we fail to maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. We may also be subject to certain U.S. federal excise taxes, as well as state, local and foreign taxes. 
 There may be a possibility of the need to raise additional capital. 
 We may need additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. In addition to the continuous Private Offering, we intend to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition, we will be required to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to maintain our qualification as a RIC. As a result, these earnings will not be available to fund new investments. An inability on our part to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease our earnings, if any, which would have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. 
 46 

We may not be able to pay distributions to our stockholders, our distributions may not grow over time, a portion of distributions paid to our stockholders may be a return of capital and investors in any debt securities we may issue may not receive all of the interest income to which they are entitled. 
 We intend to pay distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be harmed by, among other things, the risk factors described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC could, in the future, limit our ability to pay distributions. All distributions will be paid at the discretion of the Board and will depend on our earnings, our financial condition, maintenance of our RIC tax treatment, compliance with applicable BDC regulations, compliance with the covenants under our financing agreements and any debt securities we may issue and such other factors as the Board may deem relevant from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will pay distributions to our stockholders in the future. 
 Some of the above-described risks may also inhibit our ability to make required interest payments to holders of any debt securities we may issue, which may cause a default under the terms of our debt agreements. Such a default could materially increase our cost of raising capital, as well as cause us to incur penalties or trigger cross-default provisions under the terms of our debt agreements. 
 When we make distributions, we will be required to determine the extent to which such distributions are paid out of current or accumulated earnings and profits, recognized capital gain or capital. To the extent there is a return of capital, investors will be required to reduce their basis in our stock for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may result in a higher tax liability when the shares are sold, even if they have not increased in value or have lost value. 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with contractual PIK interest or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Investments structured with these features may represent a higher level of credit risk compared to investments generating income which must be paid in cash on a current basis. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as PIK interest. We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute original issue discount or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discounts and include such amounts in our taxable income in the current year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expenses for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise debt or additional equity capital or forego new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. 
 47 

Because we intend to distribute substantially all of our income to our stockholders to maintain our tax treatment as a regulated investment company, we will continue to need additional capital to finance our growth, and regulations governing our operation as a business development company will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital and make distributions. 
 In order to satisfy the requirements applicable to a RIC, and to avoid payment of U.S. federal excise tax, we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our net ordinary income and net capital gain income except for certain net long-term capital gains recognized after we became a RIC, some or all of which we may retain, pay applicable U.S. federal income taxes with respect thereto and elect to treat as deemed distributions to our stockholders. As a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities, which includes all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue, of at least 150 . This requirement limits the amount that we may borrow and may prohibit us from making distributions. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments or sell additional securities and, depending on the nature of our leverage, to repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. In addition, issuance of additional securities could dilute the percentage ownership of our current stockholders in us. 
 While we expect to be able to borrow and to issue debt and additional equity securities, we cannot assure you that debt and equity financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail or cease new investment activities, and our net asset value could decline. In addition, as a BDC, we generally are not permitted to issue equity securities priced below our then-current net asset value per share without stockholder approval. 
 There may be potential adverse tax consequences as a result of not being treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company. 
 Until and unless we are treated as a publicly offered regulated investment company (within the meaning of Section 67 of the Code) as a result of either (i) shares of our common stock and our preferred stock (if any) collectively are held by at least 500 persons at all times during a taxable year, (ii) shares of our common stock are treated as regularly traded on an established securities market or (iii) shares of our common stock are continuously offered pursuant to a public offering (within the meaning of Section 4 of the Securities Act), each U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate will be treated as having received a dividend from us in the amount of such U.S. stockholder s allocable share of the management and incentive fees paid to our Adviser and certain of our other expenses for the calendar year, and these fees and expenses will be treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions of such U.S. stockholder. For taxable years beginning before 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are not deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate. For taxable years beginning in 2026 or later, miscellaneous itemized deductions generally are deductible by a U.S. stockholder that is an individual, trust or estate only to the extent that the aggregate of such U.S. stockholder s miscellaneous itemized deductions exceeds 2 of such U.S. stockholder s adjusted gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, are not deductible for purposes of the alternative minimum tax and are subject to the overall limitation on itemized deductions under Section 68 of the Code. 
 There may be withholding of U.S. federal income tax on dividends for non-U.S. stockholders. 
 Distributions by a BDC generally are treated as dividends for U.S. tax purposes, and will be subject to U.S. income or withholding tax unless the stockholder receiving the dividend qualifies for an exemption from U.S. tax, or the distribution is subject to one of the special look-through rules described below. Distributions paid out of net capital gains can qualify for a reduced rate of taxation in the hands of an individual U.S. stockholder, and an exemption from U.S. tax in the hands of a non-U.S. stockholder. 
 However, if designated by a RIC, dividend distributions by the RIC derived from certain interest income (such distributions, interest-related dividends and certain net short-term capital gains (such distributions, short-term capital gain dividends generally are exempt from U.S. withholding tax otherwise imposed on non-U.S. stockholders. Interest-related dividends are dividends that are attributable to qualified net interest income (i.e., qualified interest income, which generally consists of certain interest and original issue discount on obligations in 
 48 

registered form as well as interest on bank deposits earned by a RIC, less allocable deductions) from sources within the United States. Short-term capital gain dividends are dividends that are attributable to net short-term capital gains, other than short-term capital gains recognized on the disposition of U.S. real property interests, earned by a RIC. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of our distributions will be eligible for this exemption from U.S. withholding tax or, if eligible, will be designated as such by us. Furthermore, in the case of shares of our stock held through an intermediary, the intermediary may have withheld U.S. federal income tax even if we designated the payment as an interest-related dividend or short-term capital gain dividend. Since shares of our common stock are subject to significant transfer restrictions, and an investment in our common stock will generally be illiquid, non-U.S. stockholders whose distributions on our common stock are subject to U.S. withholding tax may not be able to transfer their shares of our common stock easily or quickly or at all. 
 A failure of any portion of our distributions to qualify for the exemption for interest-related dividends or short-term capital gain dividends would not affect the treatment of non-U.S. stockholders that qualify for an exemption from U.S. withholding tax on dividends by reason of their special status (for example, foreign government-related entities and certain pension funds resident in favorable treaty jurisdictions). 
 We are highly dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on the communications and information systems of Barings, its affiliates and our or Barings third-party service providers. Any failure or interruption of those systems or services, including as a result of the termination or suspension of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our or Barings business activities. Our or Barings financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control and adversely affect our business. Among other things, there could be sudden electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, disease pandemics, events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters and/or cyber-attacks, any one or more of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and negatively affect the value of our common stock. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business or the business of our portfolio companies by causing a disruption to our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information or the confidential information of our portfolio companies and/or damage to our business relationships or the business relationships of our portfolio companies, all of which could negatively impact the business, financial condition and operating results of us or our portfolio companies. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of the information resources of us, Barings or our portfolio companies. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our or Barings information systems or those of our portfolio companies for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. Barings employees may be the target of fraudulent calls, emails and other forms of activities. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen assets or information, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to business relationships. Our business operations rely upon secure information technology systems for data processing, storage and reporting. We depend on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities maintained by our affiliates and our and their respective third-party service providers to protect their computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. 
 Substantial costs may be incurred in order to prevent any cyber incidents in the future. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. As our and our portfolio companies reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by Barings and third-party service providers, and the information systems of our portfolio companies. Barings has implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and 
 49 

extent of a risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur and/or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. In addition, cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world, and some jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. There is no assurance that any efforts to mitigate cybersecurity risks undertaken by us, our affiliates, or our or their respective third-party service providers will be effective. If we fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, we could suffer financial losses, a disruption of our business, liability to investors, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. 
 We are currently operating in a period of capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty. 
 The success of our activities is affected by general economic and market conditions, including, among others, interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, and trade barriers. These factors could affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity of our investments. Volatility or illiquidity could impair our profitability or result in losses. These factors also could adversely affect the availability or cost of our leverage, which would result in lower returns. In addition, the U.S. capital markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption following the global outbreak of COVID-19 and its variants. Disruptions in the capital markets have increased the spread between the yields realized on risk-free and higher risk securities, resulting in illiquidity in parts of the capital markets. Some economists and major investment banks have expressed concern that the continued spread of the virus globally could lead to a prolonged period of world-wide economic downturn. 
 These and future market disruptions and/or illiquidity would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable economic conditions also would be expected to increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events have limited and could continue to limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and have a material negative impact on our operating results and the fair values of our debt and equity investments. 
 Risks Relating to Our Investments 
 Inflation could adversely affect the business, results of operations, and financial condition of our portfolio companies. 
 Certain of the Company s portfolio companies are in industries that could be impacted by inflation. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on the Company s loans, particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in the Company s portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of the Company s investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce the Company s net assets resulting from operations. 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Our portfolio consists primarily of senior secured private middle-market debt investments. Investing in private and middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. Among other things, these companies: 
 may have limited financial resources to meet future capital needs and thus may be unable to grow or meet their obligations under their debt instruments that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees from subsidiaries or affiliates of our portfolio companies that we may have obtained in connection with our investment, as well as a corresponding decrease in the value of the equity components of our investments; 
 may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines, smaller market shares and/or more significant customer concentration than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 
 50 

are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 
 generally have less predictable operating results, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and 
 generally have less publicly available information about their businesses, operations and financial condition. We rely on the ability of Barings investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns from investing in these companies. If Barings is unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose all or part of our investment. 
 In addition, in the course of providing significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies, certain of our officers and directors or certain of Barings investment professionals may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. We or Barings may in the future be subject to litigation that arises out of our investments in these companies, and our officers and directors or Barings and/or its investment professionals may be named as defendants in such litigation, which could result in an expenditure of funds (through our indemnification of such officers and directors) and the diversion of our officers , directors and Barings time and resources. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We generally invest in companies whose securities are not publicly traded, and whose securities may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale, or are otherwise less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of these investments may make it difficult for us to sell these investments when desired. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we had previously recorded these investments. 
 Price declines and illiquidity in the corporate debt markets may adversely affect the fair value of our portfolio investments, reducing our net asset value through increased net unrealized depreciation. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value as determined in good faith by the Board, which has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform our fair value determinations relating to the value of our assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 The Adviser conducts the valuation of such investments, upon which our net asset value is primarily based, in accordance with its valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by the Adviser and have been approved by the Board. The Adviser uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, the Adviser will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by the Adviser's pricing committee. As part of the valuation process, Barings may take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining the fair value of our investments: 
 a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to publicly traded securities; 
 the enterprise value of the portfolio company; 
 the nature and realizable value of any collateral; 
 the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow; 
 the markets in which the portfolio company does business; and 
 changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets generally that may affect the price at which similar investments may be made in the future and other relevant factors. 
 51 

When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, the pricing indicated by the external event is used to corroborate a valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. 
 Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, in seeking to: 
 increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company; 
 exercise warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; or 
 preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 
 We have discretion to make follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful portfolio company. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because of regulatory or other considerations. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and such portfolio companies may not generate sufficient cash flow to service their debt obligations to us. 
 We typically invest in senior debt and first lien notes, however, we have invested, and may invest in the future, a portion of our capital in second lien and subordinated loans issued by our portfolio companies. Our portfolio companies may have, or be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we invest. Such subordinated investments are subject to greater risk of default than senior obligations as a result of adverse changes in the financial condition of the obligor or in general economic conditions. If we make a subordinated investment in a portfolio company, the portfolio company may be highly leveraged, and its relatively high debt-to-equity ratio may create increased risks that its operations might not generate sufficient cash flow to service all of its debt obligations. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the securities in which we invest. These debt instruments would usually prohibit the portfolio companies from paying interest on or repaying our investments in the event of and during the continuance of a default under such debt. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of securities ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, the portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us where we are junior creditor. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 Additionally, certain loans that we make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The 
 52 

holders of obligations secured by first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 We may in the future make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on a portfolio company s collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all loans secured by collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing any junior priority loans we make to our portfolio companies may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: 
 the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; 
 the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; 
 the approval of amendments to collateral documents; 
 releases of liens on the collateral; and 
 waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 
 We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights as junior lenders are adversely affected. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 Even if we structure an investment as a senior loan, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances and based upon principles of equitable subordination as defined by existing case law, a bankruptcy court could subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors and transfer any lien securing such subordinated claim to the bankruptcy estate. The principles of equitable subordination defined by case law have generally indicated that a claim may be subordinated only if its holder is guilty of misconduct or where the senior loan is re-characterized as an equity investment and the senior lender has actually provided significant managerial assistance to the bankrupt debtor. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower s business or instances where we exercise control over the borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken in rendering managerial assistance or actions to compel and collect payments from the borrower outside the ordinary course of business. 
 53 

Second priority liens on collateral securing loans that we make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay in full both the first priority creditors and us. 
 Certain loans that we make are secured by a second priority security interest in the same collateral pledged by a portfolio company to secure senior debt owed by the portfolio company to commercial banks or other traditional lenders. Often the senior lender has procured covenants from the portfolio company prohibiting the incurrence of additional secured debt without the senior lender s consent. Prior to and as a condition of permitting the portfolio company to borrow money from us secured by the same collateral pledged to the senior lender, the senior lender will require assurances that it will control the disposition of any collateral in the event of bankruptcy or other default. In many such cases, the senior lender will require us to enter into an intercreditor agreement prior to permitting the portfolio company to borrow from us. Typically the intercreditor agreements we are requested to execute expressly subordinate our debt instruments to those held by the senior lender and further provide that the senior lender shall control: (i) the commencement of foreclosure or other proceedings to liquidate and collect on the collateral; (ii) the nature, timing and conduct of foreclosure or other collection proceedings; (iii) the amendment of any collateral document; (iv) the release of the security interests in respect of any collateral and (v) the waiver of defaults under any security agreement. Because of the control we may cede to senior lenders under intercreditor agreements we may enter, we may be unable to realize the proceeds of any collateral securing some of our loans. 
 Finally, the value of the collateral securing our debt investment will ultimately depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by our second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the senior lender s first priority liens on the collateral. There is also a risk that such collateral securing our investments may decrease in value over time, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the portfolio company and market conditions. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by our second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds from the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the company s remaining assets, if any. 
 Covenant-Lite Loans may expose us to different risks, including with respect to liquidity, price volatility, ability to restructure loans, credit risks and less protective loan documentation, than is the case with loans that contain financial maintenance covenants. 
 A significant number of high yield loans in the market, in particular the broadly syndicated loan market, may consist of covenant-lite loans, or Covenant-Lite Loans. A significant portion of the loans in which we may invest or get exposure to through our investments may be deemed to be Covenant-Lite Loans and it is possible that such loans may comprise a majority of our portfolio. Such loans do not require the borrower to maintain debt service or other financial ratios and do not include terms which allow the lender to monitor the performance of the borrower and declare a default if certain criteria are breached. Ownership of Covenant-Lite Loans may expose us to different risks, including with respect to liquidity, price volatility, ability to restructure loans, credit risks and less protective loan documentation, than is the case with loans that contain financial maintenance covenants. 
 Our investments in foreign companies may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. 
 Our investment strategy includes investments in foreign companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risk not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes (potentially at confiscatory levels), less liquid markets, less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. 
 54 

Although the majority of our investments are currently and are expected to be U.S.-dollar denominated, our investments that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that such strategies will be effective or without risk to us. 
 We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. 
 We have and may in the future enter into hedging transactions, which may expose us to risks associated with such transactions. We have and may continue to utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Use of these hedging instruments may include counter-party credit risk. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. The success of our hedging transactions will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements in currencies and interest rates. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to (or be able to) establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. 
 If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70.0 of our total assets are qualifying assets. For further detail, see Item 1. Business Regulation of Business Development Companies included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 We may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could lose our status as a BDC. If we fail to maintain our status as a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company that is required to register under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to additional regulatory restrictions and significantly decrease our operating flexibility. In addition, any such failure could cause an event of default under our outstanding indebtedness. For these reasons, loss of BDC status likely would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position). 
 We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in 
 55 

the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer or the industry in which it operates. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. Beyond our RIC asset diversification requirements under the Code and certain investment diversification requirements under our financing agreements, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification, and our investments could be concentrated in relatively few portfolio companies. 
 We generally do not control our portfolio companies. 
 We do not expect to control most of our portfolio companies, even though we or Barings may have board representation or board observation rights, and our debt agreements with such portfolio companies may contain certain restrictive covenants. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity, may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Due to the lack of liquidity for our investments in non-traded companies, we may not be able to dispose of our interests in our portfolio companies as readily as we would like or at an appropriate valuation. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. 
 Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 
 We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in new portfolio companies. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our return on equity, which could result in a decline in the value of our securities. 
 Any unrealized losses we experience on our loan portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at the fair value as determined in good faith by the Board (or its valuation designee pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act). Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses in our loan portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected loans. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution in future periods. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies may harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. 
 Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital, the value of our investments and results of operations. 
 An increase in interest rates would make it more expensive to use debt to finance our investments. As a result, a significant increase in market interest rates could both reduce the value of our portfolio investments and increase our cost of capital, which would reduce our net investment income. Also, an increase in interest rates available to investors could make an investment in our common stock less attractive if we are not able to increase our distribution rate, a situation which could reduce the value of our common stock. Conversely, a decrease in interest rates may have an adverse impact on our returns by requiring us to seek lower yields on our debt investments and by 
 56 

increasing the risk that our portfolio companies will prepay our debt investments, resulting in the need to redeploy capital at potentially lower rates. 
 We may not realize gains from our equity investments. 
 Certain investments that we have made in the past and may make in the future include equity securities. Investments in equity securities involve a number of significant risks, including the risk of further dilution as a result of additional issuances, inability to access additional capital and failure to pay current distributions. Investments in preferred securities involve special risks, such as the risk of deferred distributions, credit risk, illiquidity and limited voting rights. In addition, we may from time to time make non-control, equity co-investments in companies in conjunction with private equity sponsors. Our goal is ultimately to realize gains upon our disposition of such equity interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. We also may be unable to realize any value if a portfolio company does not have a liquidity event, such as a sale of the business, recapitalization or public offering, which would allow us to sell the underlying equity interests. 
 Our investments in asset-backed securities are subject to additional risks. 
 Asset-backed securities often involve risks that are different from or more acute than risks associated with other types of debt instruments. For instance, asset-backed securities may be particularly sensitive to changes in prevailing interest rates. In addition, the underlying assets may be subject to prepayments that shorten the securities weighted average maturity and may lower their return. Asset-backed securities are also subject to risks associated with their structure and the nature of the assets underlying the security and the servicing of those assets. Payment of interest and repayment of principal on asset-backed securities is largely dependent upon the cash flows generated by the assets backing the securities. Certain asset-backed securities are supported by letters of credit, surety bonds or other credit enhancements. However, if many borrowers on the underlying assets default, losses could exceed the credit enhancement level and result in losses to investors, such as the Company. The values of asset-backed securities may be substantially dependent on the servicing of the underlying asset pools, and are therefore subject to risks associated with the negligence by, or defalcation of, their servicers. Furthermore, debtors may be entitled to the protection of a number of state and federal consumer credit laws with respect to the assets underlying these securities, which may give the debtor the right to avoid or reduce payment. 
 Our investments in collateralized loan obligation vehicles are subject to additional risks. 
 We may invest in debt and equity interests of collateralized loan obligation CLO vehicles. Generally, there may be less information available to us regarding the underlying debt investments held by such CLOs than if we had invested directly in the debt of the underlying companies. As a result, we and our stockholders may not know the details of the underlying holdings of the CLO vehicles in which we may invest. 
 As a BDC, we may not acquire equity and junior debt investments in CLO vehicles unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. CLO vehicles that we expect to invest in are typically very highly leveraged, and therefore, the junior debt and equity tranches that we expect to invest in are subject to a higher degree of risk of total loss. In particular, investors in CLO vehicles indirectly bear risks of the underlying debt investments held by such CLO vehicles. We will generally have the right to receive payments only from the CLO vehicles, and will generally not have direct rights against the underlying borrowers or the entity that sponsored the CLO vehicle. While the CLO vehicles we intend to target generally enable the investor to acquire interests in a pool of leveraged corporate loans without the expenses associated with directly holding the same investments, we will generally pay a proportionate share of the CLO vehicles administrative and other expenses. Although it is difficult to predict whether the prices of indices and securities underlying CLO vehicles will rise or fall, these prices (and, therefore, the prices of the CLO vehicles) will be influenced by the same types of political and economic events that affect issuers of securities and capital markets generally. The failure by a CLO vehicle in which we invest to satisfy certain financial covenants, specifically those with respect to adequate collateralization and/or interest coverage tests, could lead to a reduction in its payments to us. In the event that a CLO vehicle failed those tests, holders of debt senior to us may be entitled to additional payments that would, in 
 57 

turn, reduce the payments we would otherwise be entitled to receive. If any of these occur, it could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 
 In addition to the general risks associated with investing in debt securities, CLO vehicles carry additional risks, including, but not limited to: (i) the possibility that distributions from collateral securities will not be adequate to make interest or other payments; (ii) the quality of the collateral may decline in value or default; (iii) the fact that our investments in CLO tranches will likely be subordinate to other senior classes of note tranches thereof; and (iv) the complex structure of the security may not be fully understood at the time of investment and may produce disputes with the CLO vehicle or unexpected investment results. Our net asset value may also decline over time if our principal recovery with respect to CLO equity investments is less than the price we paid for those investments. 
 Investments in structured vehicles, including equity and junior debt instruments issued by CLO vehicles, involve risks, including credit risk and market risk. Changes in interest rates and credit quality may cause significant price fluctuations. Additionally, changes in the underlying leveraged corporate loans held by a CLO vehicle may cause payments on the instruments we hold to be reduced, either temporarily or permanently. Structured investments, particularly the subordinated interests in which we intend to invest, may be less liquid than many other types of securities and may be more volatile than the leveraged corporate loans underlying the CLO vehicles we intend to target. Fluctuations in interest rates may also cause payments on the tranches of CLO vehicles that we hold to be reduced, either temporarily or permanently. 
 Any interests we acquire in CLO vehicles will likely be thinly traded or have only a limited trading market and may be subject to restrictions on resale. Securities issued by CLO vehicles are generally not listed on any U.S. national securities exchange and no active trading market may exist for the securities of CLO vehicles in which we may invest. Although a secondary market may exist for our investments in CLO vehicles, the market for our investments in CLO vehicles may be subject to irregular trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads and extended trade settlement periods. As a result, these types of investments may be more difficult to value. In addition, our investments in CLO warehouse facilities are short term investments and therefore may be subject to a greater risk relating to market conditions and economic recession or downturns. 
 We may be subject to risks associated with syndicated loans. 
 From time to time, we may acquire interests in syndicated loans. Under the documentation for syndicated loans, a financial institution or other entity typically is designated as the administrative agent and/or collateral agent. This agent is granted a lien on any collateral on behalf of the other lenders and distributes payments on the indebtedness as they are received. The agent is the party responsible for administering and enforcing the loan and generally may take actions only in accordance with the instructions of a majority or two-thirds in commitments and/or principal amount of the associated indebtedness. In most cases, we do not expect to hold a sufficient amount of the indebtedness to be able to compel any actions by the agent. Consequently, we would only be able to direct such actions if instructions from us were made in conjunction with other holders of associated indebtedness that together with us compose the requisite percentage of the related indebtedness then entitled to take action. Conversely, if holders of the required amount of the associated indebtedness other than us desire to take certain actions, such actions may be taken even if we did not support such actions. Furthermore, if an investment is subordinated to one or more senior loans made to the applicable obligor, our ability to exercise such rights may be subordinated to the exercise of such rights by the senior lenders. Accordingly, we may be precluded from directing such actions unless we act together with other holders of the indebtedness. If we are unable to direct such actions, we cannot assure you that the actions taken will be in our best interests. 
 If an investment is a syndicated revolving loan or delayed drawdown loan, other lenders may fail to satisfy their full contractual funding commitments for such loan, which could create a breach of contract, result in a lawsuit by the obligor against the lenders and adversely affect the fair market value of our investment. 
 There is a risk that a loan agent in respect of one of our loans may become bankrupt or insolvent. Such an event would delay, and possibly impair, any enforcement actions undertaken by holders of the associated indebtedness, including attempts to realize upon the collateral securing the associated indebtedness and/or direct the agent to take actions against the related obligor or the collateral securing the associated indebtedness and actions to 
 58 

realize on proceeds of payments made by obligors that are in the possession or control of any other financial institution. In addition, we may be unable to remove the agent in circumstances in which removal would be in our best interests. Moreover, agented loans typically allow for the agent to resign with certain advance notice. 
 Our special situations investments involve a high degree of credit and market risk. 
 Our special situations investments, which consist of investments in the securities and debt of financially troubled issuers or borrowers and operationally troubled issuers or borrowers, involve a high degree of credit and market risk. Although the Company may invest in select companies that, in the view of the Adviser, have the potential over the long-term for capital growth, there can be no assurance that such financially troubled issuers or operationally troubled issuers can be successfully transformed into profitable operating companies. There is a possibility that the Company may incur substantial or total losses on investments or that such investments may not show any return for a considerable period of time. Under such circumstances, the returns generated from the investments may not compensate investors adequately for the risks assumed. 
 The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful investment in companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties is unusually high. There can be no assurance that the Adviser will correctly evaluate the value of a company s assets or the prospects for a successful reorganization or similar action. During an economic downturn or recession, securities of financially troubled or operationally troubled issuers and borrowers are more likely to go into default than securities of other issuers. In addition, it may be difficult to obtain information about such issuers and borrowers. 
 Securities and debt of financially troubled issuers or borrowers and operationally troubled issuers or borrowers are less liquid and more volatile than securities of companies not experiencing financial or operational difficulties. The market prices of such securities are subject to erratic and abrupt market movements, and the spread between bid and asked prices may be greater than normally expected. In addition, it is anticipated that many investments may not be widely traded and that the Company s investment in such securities may be substantial relative to the market for such securities. As a result, the Company may experience delays and incur losses and other costs in connection with the sale of investments. 
 Troubled company and other asset-based investments require active monitoring and may, at times, require participation in business strategy or reorganization proceedings by the Adviser. To the extent that the Adviser becomes involved in such proceedings, the Company may have a more active participation in the affairs of the issuer than that assumed generally by an investor. In addition, involvement by the Adviser in an issuer s reorganization proceedings could result in the imposition of restrictions limiting the Company s ability to liquidate its position in the issuer or increase the likelihood of the Company being involved in litigation. 
 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock 
 Investing in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative, and therefore, an investment in our shares may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 An investment in our shares will have limited liquidity. 
 Our shares constitute illiquid investments for which there is not, and will likely not be, a secondary market at any time. Investing in the Company is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Company. Stockholders must be prepared to bear the economic risk of an investment in our shares for an extended period of time. The shares of our common stock have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. 
 59 

There are restrictions on the ability of holders of our common stock to transfer shares in excess of the restrictions typically associated with a private placement of securities under Regulation D, Regulation S and other exemptions from registration under the Securities Act, including restrictions to prevent all or any portions of our assets to constitute plan assets under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 We are relying on an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and state securities laws in offering shares of our common stock our pursuant to the Subscription Agreements. As such, absent an effective registration statement covering our common stock, such shares may be resold only in transactions that are exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and under any other applicable securities laws and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Subscription Agreement. Our common stock will have limited transferability which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the company that might involve a premium price for our securities or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. In addition, under the Subscription Agreement, no shares may be sold or transferred in the event that such transfer would, among other things, (i) constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA, or Section 4975 of the Code, or (ii) cause all or any portion of the assets of the Company to constitute plan assets under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Global capital markets could enter a period of severe disruption and instability or an economic recession. These conditions have historically affected and could again materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world and could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 The U.S. and global capital markets have from time to time experienced periods of disruption characterized by the freezing of available credit, a lack of liquidity in the debt capital markets, significant losses in the principal value of investments, the re-pricing of credit risk in the broadly syndicated credit market, the failure of major financial institutions and general volatility in the financial markets. During these periods of disruption, general economic conditions deteriorated with material and adverse consequences for the broader financial and credit markets, and the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole, and financial services firms in particular, was reduced significantly. These conditions may reoccur for a prolonged period of time or materially worsen in the future. 
 The United Kingdom (the UK formally left the European Union (the EU on January 31, 2020 (commonly known as Brexit ), followed by an implementation period, during which EU law continued to apply in the UK and the UK maintained its EU single market access rights and EU customs union membership. Following the implementation period, the UK has become a third country vis- -vis the EU, without access to the single market or membership of the EU customs union. Although it is probable that any adverse effects flowing from the UK s withdrawal from the EU will principally affect the UK (and those having an economic interest in, or connected to, the UK), given the size and global significance of the UK s economy, the impact of the withdrawal is unpredictable and likely to be an ongoing source of instability, produce significant currency fluctuations, and/or have other adverse effects on international markets, international trade agreements and/or other existing cross-border cooperation arrangements (whether economic, tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory or otherwise). The withdrawal of the UK from the EU could therefore adversely affect us. In addition, although it seems less likely following the expiration of the transition period than at the time of the UK s referendum, the withdrawal of the UK from the EU could have a further destabilizing effect if any other member states were to consider withdrawing from the EU, presenting similar and/or additional potential risks and consequences to our business and financial results. 
 Market conditions may in the future make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. 
 Given the volatility and dislocation that the capital markets have historically experienced, many BDCs have faced, and may in the future face, a challenging environment in which to raise capital. We may in the future have 
 60 

difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption or instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may cause us to reduce the volume of the loans we originate and/or fund, which may adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, significant changes in the capital markets, including instances of extreme volatility and disruption, have had, and may in the future have, a negative effect on the valuations of our investments and on the potential for liquidity events involving our investments. We monitor developments and seek to manage our investments in a manner consistent with achieving our investment objective, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so, and we may not timely anticipate or manage existing, new or additional risks, contingencies or developments, including regulatory developments in the current or future market environment. 
 An inability to raise capital, and any required sale of our investments for liquidity purposes, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. In addition, equity capital may be difficult to raise during periods of adverse or volatile market conditions because, subject to some limited exceptions, as a BDC, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price less than net asset value without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. 
 Many of the portfolio companies in which we make investments may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay the loans we made to them during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record our investments at their current fair value. Adverse economic conditions also may decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our and our portfolio companies funding costs, limit our and our portfolio companies access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us or our portfolio companies. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the loans are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize the portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that we hold. We may incur additional expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we will actually provide significant managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. 
 Terrorist attacks, acts of war, national disasters, outbreaks or pandemics may affect any market for our securities, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Terrorist acts, acts of war, national disasters, outbreaks or pandemics may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest. Such acts have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. For example, many countries have experienced outbreaks of infectious illnesses in recent decades, including swine flu, avian influenza, SARS and COVID-19. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in adverse consequences for us and our portfolio companies. While many countries, including the United States, have relaxed or eliminated the early public health restrictions adopted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the outbreak of new, worsening strains of COVID-19 may result in a resurgence in the number of reported cases and hospitalizations. Such increases in cases could lead to the re- 
 61 

introduction of restrictions and business shutdowns in certain states, counties and cities in the United States and globally. While these developments have had adverse consequences for our portfolio companies, the adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and the operations of Barings, including with respect to us, have been reduced since the height of the pandemic. Barings continues to monitor the COVID-19 situation globally and is prepared to adapt office working patterns as required to ensure the safety of its employees and clients who visit Barings office locations. In addition, Barings cybersecurity policies are applied consistently when working remotely or in the office. These potential impacts, while uncertain, could adversely affect our and our portfolio companies operating results. 
 The Russian invasion of Ukraine may have a material adverse impact on us and our portfolio companies. 
 The conflict between Russia and Ukraine could lead to disruption, instability and volatility in global markets, economies and industries that could negatively impact our and our portfolio companies business, results of operations and financial condition. The conflict has already resulted in significant volatility in certain equity, debt and currency markets, material increases in certain commodity prices, and economic uncertainty. The conflict may escalate and its resolution is unclear. The U.S. government and other governments have imposed severe sanctions against Russia and Russian interests and threatened additional sanctions and controls. Sanctions and export control laws and regulations are complex, frequently changing, and increasing in number, and they may impose additional legal compliance costs or business risks associated with our operations. 
 We are subject to risks related to corporate social responsibility. 
 Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to environmental, social and governance ESG activities. We risk damage to our brand and reputation if we fail to act responsibly in a number of areas, such as environmental stewardship, corporate governance and transparency and the consideration of ESG factors in our investment processes. Adverse incidents with respect to ESG activities could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including our ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable on the debt securities we acquire, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. As a result of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic downturns or recessions and may be unable to repay our loans or meet other obligations during these periods. Therefore, during these periods our non-performing assets may increase and the value of these assets may decrease. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of our loans and the value of our debt and equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company. In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we may have structured our interest as senior debt or preferred equity, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a 
 62 

bankruptcy court might recharacterize our debt or equity holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to those of other creditors. 
 Changes to U.S. tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our portfolio companies and, in turn, harm us. 
 There have been ongoing discussion and commentary regarding potential significant changes to U.S. trade policies, treaties and tariffs, creating significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, treaties and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that more of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our portfolio companies access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn would negatively impact us. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 
 We, our subsidiaries and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation at the local, state and federal level. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, including those governing the types of investments we are permitted to make, any of which could harm us and our stockholders, potentially with retroactive effect. Additionally, new regulatory initiatives related to ESG could adversely affect our business. 
 Additionally, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of our management team to other types of investments in which our management team may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

63 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation or any of our subsidiaries. Our headquarters are currently located at 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina 28202, where we occupy office space pursuant to the Administration Agreement with Barings. We believe that our current office facilities are adequate to meet our needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 Neither we, the Adviser, nor our subsidiaries are currently subject to any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to our respective businesses. We, the Adviser, and our subsidiaries may from time to time, however, be involved in litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business or otherwise. Furthermore, third parties may seek to impose liability on us in connection with the activities of our portfolio companies. While the outcome of any current legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty, we do not expect any current matters will materially affect our financial condition or results of operations; however, there can be no assurance whether any pending legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations in any future reporting period. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 64 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 There is no established public trading market for our common stock currently, nor can we give any assurance that one will develop . We do not intend to list our shares on a national securities exchange, and the Board does not expect to complete a liquidity event within any specific time period, if at all. A liquidity event could include a merger or another transaction approved by the Board in which stockholders will receive cash or shares of a publicly traded company, or a sale of all or substantially all of its assets either on a complete portfolio basis or individually followed by a liquidation and distribution of cash to our stockholders. A liquidity event also may include a sale, merger or other transaction with one or more affiliated investment companies managed by Barings. A liquidity event involving a merger or sale of all or substantially all of our assets would require the approval of our stockholders in accordance with our Articles of Incorporation. 
 Prior to any liquidity event, we expect to implement our share repurchase program, which is expected to provide a limited opportunity for our stockholders to have their shares of common stock repurchased, subject to certain restrictions and limitations, at a price which may reflect a discount from the purchase price paid for the shares being repurchased. See Share Repurchase Program below. 
 Holders 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were 47 holders of record of our common stock. 
 Distributions Declared 
 The table below shows the detail of our distributions for the year ended December 31, 2022 : 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Amount of Total Amount of Total Ordinary Income 1.74 100 0.81 100 Total reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV 1.74 100 0.81 100 
 Each year, a statement on IRS Form 1099-DIV identifying the source(s) of the distribution (i.e., paid from ordinary income, paid from net capital gains on the sale of securities, and/or a return of paid in capital surplus which is a nontaxable distribution) is mailed to our stockholders. To the extent that our distributions for a fiscal year exceed current and accumulated earnings and profits, a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, the source of a distribution to our stockholders may be the original capital invested by the stockholder rather than our taxable ordinary income or capital gains. Stockholders should read any written disclosure accompanying a dividend payment carefully and should not assume that any distribution is taxable as ordinary income or capital gains. 
 Ordinary income is reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV as either qualified or non-qualified and capital gain distributions are reported on IRS Form 1099-DIV in various subcategories which have differing tax treatments to stockholders. Those subcategories are not presented herein. 
 We estimate the source of our distributions as required by Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act to determine whether payment of dividends are expected to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods, but we will not be able to determine whether any specific distribution will be treated as made out of our taxable earnings or as a return of capital until after the end of our taxable year. Any amount treated as a return of capital will reduce a stockholder s adjusted tax basis in his or her common stock, thereby increasing his or her potential gain or reducing his or her potential loss on the subsequent sale or other 
 65 

disposition of his or her common stock. For any payment of dividends estimated to be paid from any other source other than net investment income accrued for current period or certain cumulative periods based on the Section 19(a) requirement, we will send our registered stockholders a printed copy of such notice along with the dividend payment. The estimates of the source of the distribution are interim estimates based on GAAP that are subject to revision, and the exact character of the distributions for tax purposes cannot be determined until the final books and records are finalized for the calendar year. Therefore, these estimates are made solely in order to comply with the requirements of Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act and should not be relied upon for tax reporting or any other purposes and could differ significantly from the actual character of distributions for tax purposes. 
 Distribution Policy 
 We intend to make distributions to our stockholders of substantially all of our income, as determined by the Board in its discretion considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Maryland law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time. We generally intend to declare regular monthly dividends on a quarterly basis, although the frequency of such distributions may vary. 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code, and intend to make the required distributions to our stockholders as specified therein. In order to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and to obtain RIC tax benefits, we must meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. If such requirements are met, then we will generally be required to pay income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income and gains we do not distribute (actually or constructively). We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and our ability to make distributions will be limited by the asset coverage requirement and related provisions under the 1940 Act and contained in any applicable indenture and related supplements to any debt we may issue in the future. 
 The minimum distribution requirements applicable to RICs require us to distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90 of our ICTI, as defined by the Code. Depending on the level of ICTI earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward ICTI in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such excess. Any such carryover ICTI must be distributed before the end of the next tax year through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such ICTI. 
 ICTI generally differs from net investment income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses. We may be required to recognize ICTI in certain circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in ICTI each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in ICTI other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as interest income from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. ICTI also excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as investment gains or losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan that provides for reinvestment of our distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, unless a common stockholder elects to receive cash as provided below. As a result, if the Board authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend, then our common stockholders who have not opted out of our dividend reinvestment plan will have their cash dividends automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends. The number of shares to be issued to a stockholder under the dividend reinvestment plan will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such stockholder by the most recent available net asset value per share for such shares at the time the distribution is payable . 
 66 

Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 We have entered into subscription agreements with investors and expect to enter into additional subscription agreements with a number of investors in connection with the Private Offering, pursuant to which have issued and sold, and expect to continue to issue and sell, shares of our common stock under the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and Rule 506 of Regulation D and Regulation S promulgated thereunder. 
 We and Barings have applied for the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief from SEC that, if granted, will permit us to issue multiple classes of shares of our common stock with varying sales loads, contingent deferred sales charges, and/or asset-based service and/or distribution fees, the details for which will be finalized at a later date at our discretion. The SEC has not yet granted the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief, and there is no assurance that the relief will be granted. 
 The below table sets forth the total shares of our common stock issued during the year December 31, 2022: 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 Share Issue Date Shares Issued Aggregate Offering Price in thousands) February 1, 2022 76,737 1,590 March 1, 2022 79,703 1,661 April 1, 2022 9,576,574 200,725 May 1, 2022 748,197 15,772 June 1, 2022 550,378 11,635 July 1, 2022 207,607 4,312 August 1, 2022 70,686 1,483 September 1, 2022 121,033 2,555 October 1, 2022 153,577 3,199 November 1, 2022 600,529 12,497 December 1, 2022 142,531 2,966 Total 12,327,552 258,395 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any of our securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] . 

67 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The information in this section contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. You should read the following discussion in conjunction with the combined financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The following discussion is designed to provide a better understanding of our financial statements, including a brief discussion of our business, key factors that impacted our performance and a summary of our operating results. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included or incorporated by reference in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Historical results and percentage relationships among any amounts in the financial statements are not necessarily indicative of trends in operating results for any future periods. 
 Overview of Our Business 
 We were formed on April 2, 2021 as a Maryland limited liability company named Barings Private Credit LLC and converted to a Maryland corporation named Barings Private Credit Corporation effective on May 13, 2021, in connection with the commencement of our operations. We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and are externally managed by Barings LLC, or Barings, an investment adviser that is registered with the SEC under the Advisers Act. In addition, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code and expect to maintain our qualification as a RIC annually thereafter. 
 An externally-managed BDC generally does not have any employees, and its investment and management functions are provided by an outside investment adviser and administrator under an advisory agreement and administration agreement. Instead of directly compensating employees, we pay Barings for investment management and administrative services pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. 
 We are a non-exchange traded, privately offered perpetual-life BDC, which is a BDC whose shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market. We use the term privately offered perpetual-life BDC to describe an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares of common stock are intended to be sold by the BDC on a continuous basis in private offerings at a price equal to the BDC s net asset value per share. 
 Our primary investment objective is to generate current income by investing directly in privately-held middle-market companies to help these companies fund acquisitions, growth or refinancing. We focus on investing primarily in senior secured private debt instruments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. To a lesser extent, we will invest in equity, special situations, structured credit (e.g., private asset-backed securities), syndicated loan opportunities and/or mortgage securities. Barings employs fundamental credit analysis, and targets investments in businesses with low levels of cyclicality (i.e., the risk of business cycles or other economic cycles adversely affecting them) and operating risk relative to other businesses in this market segment. The holding size of each position will generally be dependent upon a number of factors including total facility size, pricing and structure, and the number of other lenders in the facility. Barings has experience managing levered vehicles, both public and private, and seeks to enhance our returns through the use of leverage with a prudent approach that prioritizes capital preservation. Barings believes this strategy and approach offers attractive risk/return with lower volatility given the potential for fewer defaults and greater resilience through market cycles. A significant portion of our investments are expected to be rated below investment grade by rating agencies or, if unrated, would be rated below investment grade if they were rated. Below investment grade securities, which are often referred to as junk, have predominantly speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 Formation Transactions/Initial Portfolio 
 On May 12, 2021, shortly prior to our election to be regulated as a BDC and conversion to a Maryland corporation, and in order to avoid the blind pool-aspects typically associated with the launch of a new fund, we acquired the Initial Portfolio from MassMutual and CM Life, which comprised a select portfolio of senior secured 
 68 

private debt investments in, and funding obligations to, well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. 
 The investments in the Initial Portfolio were selected based upon our defined investment objective, amount and type of unfunded obligations associated with each investment and the investment requirements set forth under the 1940 Act or otherwise imposed by applicable laws, rules or regulations, including in accordance with our election to be treated as a RIC for tax purposes. 
 The aggregate purchase price for the Initial Portfolio was 602.4 million, which is equal to the sum of the fair values of each investment in the Initial Portfolio at the time of purchase of the Initial Portfolio, net of accrued fees associated with certain unfunded obligations in the Initial Portfolio. The investments in the Initial Portfolio were valued as of March 31, 2021 by an independent third-party valuation firm, provided that any investments in the Initial Portfolio acquired by MassMutual or CM Life after March 31, 2021 were initially valued at cost. In connection with the acquisition of the Initial Portfolio, Barings conducted certain valuation procedures to confirm whether there had been any material changes to the fair value of the investments and obligations in the Initial Portfolio from the previously determined fair value thereof and concluded that no purchase price adjustments were necessary given the absence of any such material changes. 
 We continue to invest in predominately senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. Senior secured private debt investments are negotiated directly with the borrower, rather than marketed by a third party or bought and sold in the secondary market. We believe senior secured private debt investments may offer higher returns and certain more favorable protections than syndicated senior secured loans. Fees generated in connection with our debt investments are recognized over the life of the loan using the effective interest method or, in some cases, recognized as earned. Terms of our senior secured private debt investments are generally between five and seven years and bear interest between the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR (or an applicable successor rate) plus 450 basis points and LIBOR plus 650 basis points per annum. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the weighted average yield on the principal amount of our outstanding debt investments other than non-accrual debt investments was approximately 9.9 and 6.6 , respectively. The weighted average yield on the principal amount of all of our outstanding debt investments (including non-accrual debt investments) was approximately 9.8 and 6.6 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Portfolio Composition 
 The total fair value of our investment portfolio was 2,157.9 million and 1,397.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments in 280 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 2,187.5 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had investments in 219 portfolio companies with an aggregate cost of 1,396.5 million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, none of our portfolio investments represented greater than 10 of the total fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 69 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our investment portfolio consisted of the following investments: 
 in thousands 
 Cost Percent of Total Portfolio Fair Value Percent of Total Portfolio December 31, 2022: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,817,043 83 1,777,492 82 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 169,463 8 163,899 8 Structured products 28,560 1 25,022 1 Equity shares 130,616 6 158,131 7 Equity warrants 4 1,083 Investment in joint ventures 41,815 2 32,253 2 2,187,501 100 2,157,880 100 December 31, 2021: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,144,755 82 1,141,252 82 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 113,999 8 114,779 8 Structured products 19,261 2 19,566 2 Equity shares 72,534 5 75,040 5 Investment in joint ventures 45,969 3 47,011 3 1,396,518 100 1,397,648 100 
 Investment Activity 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made new investments totaling 733.2 million, made additional investments in existing portfolio companies totaling 283.5 million, and made additional investments in existing joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling 8.9 million. We had 33 loans repaid at par totaling 163.8 million and received 41.9 million of portfolio company principal payments and sale proceeds, recognizing a net loss on these transactions of 13.0 million. In addition, we received 13.0 million of return of capital from one of our joint ventures . 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we purchased the Initial Portfolio from MassMutual and CM Life for an aggregate purchase price of 602.4 million, made new investments totaling 722.7 million, made additional investments in existing portfolio companies purchased from MassMutual and CM Life totaling 168.5 million, made new joint venture equity investments totaling 46.0 million and made a 63.4 million equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, senior-secured asset-based loans to middle-market companies. We had 36 loans repaid at par totaling 184.7 million and received 5.2 million of portfolio company principal payments. 
 70 

Total portfolio investment activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt and 1 st Lien Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Structured Products Equity Shares Equity Warrants Investments in joint ventures Total Fair value, beginning of period 1,141,252 114,779 19,566 75,040 47,011 1,397,648 New investments 892,282 57,836 10,000 56,613 4 8,859 1,025,594 Proceeds from sales of investments (17,052) (573) (13,013) (30,638) Loan origination fees received (19,461) (844) (20,305) Principal repayments received (185,677) (1,645) (714) (188,036) Payment-in-kind interest/dividends 2,945 2,064 1,468 6,477 Accretion of loan premium/discount 195 112 14 321 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 10,134 409 10,543 Realized loss (11,077) (1,894) (12,971) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (36,049) (6,345) (3,844) 25,010 1,079 (10,604) (30,753) Fair value, end of period 1,777,492 163,899 25,022 158,131 1,083 32,253 2,157,880 
 From May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt and 1 st Lien Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Structured Products Equity Shares Investments in joint ventures Short-term Investments Total Fair value, beginning of period New investments 803,699 59,149 19,260 72,534 45,969 152,000 1,152,611 Investments purchased from MassMutual 495,738 106,633 602,371 Proceeds from sales of investments (152,000) (152,000) Loan origination fees received (20,740) (1,681) (22,421) Principal repayments received (138,087) (51,600) (189,687) Payment-in-kind interest/dividends 262 5 267 Accretion of loan premium/discount 1 4 1 6 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 4,285 1,559 5,844 Realized loss (403) (69) (472) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (3,503) 779 305 2,506 1,042 1,129 Fair value, end of period 1,141,252 114,779 19,566 75,040 47,011 1,397,648 
 71 

Non-Accrual Assets 
 Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. As of December 31, 2022, we had one portfolio company with its debt investment on non-accrual, the fair value of which was 6.3 million, which comprised 0.3 of the total fair value of our portfolio, and the cost of which was 16.8 million, which comprised 0.8 of the total cost of our portfolio. As of December 31, 2021, we had no non-accrual assets. 
 A summary of our non-accrual asset as of December 31, 2022 is provided below: 
 Core Scientific, Inc. 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we placed our debt investment in Core Scientific Inc., or Core Scientific, on non-accrual status effective with the monthly payment due October 31, 2022. As a result, under U.S. GAAP, we will not recognize interest income on our debt investment in Core Scientific for financial reporting purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of our debt investment in Core Scientific was 16.8 million and the fair value of such investment was 6.3 million. 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 Operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total investment income 157,583 46,777 Total operating expenses 58,244 13,415 Base management fee waived (1,489) Net operating expenses 58,244 11,926 Net investment income before taxes 99,339 34,851 Income taxes, including excise tax expense 948 471 Net investment income after taxes 98,391 34,380 Net realized gains 29,305 4,362 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (47,817) 2,902 Net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and foreign currency transactions (18,512) 7,264 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 79,879 41,644 
 Net increases or decreases in net assets resulting from operations can vary substantially from period to period due to various factors, including recognition of realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, comparisons of net changes in net assets resulting from operations may not be meaningful. 
 72 

Investment Income 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total interest income 123,383 34,420 Total dividend income 14,897 5,058 Total fee and other income 13,638 6,890 Total payment-in-kind interest income 5,652 409 Interest income from cash 13 Total investment income 157,583 46,777 
 The change in total investment income for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, was primarily due to an increase in the average size our portfolio, an increase in the weighted average yield on the portfolio from higher base rates, increased dividends from portfolio companies and joint venture investments, an increase in acceleration of unamortized OID and unamortized loan origination fee income associated with repayments of loans and increased payment-in-kind PIK interest income. The amount of our outstanding debt investments was 2,039.0 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 1,302.2 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the average size of our portfolio was largely due to the increased middle-market investment and special situation investment opportunities. The weighted average yield on the principal amount of our outstanding debt investments was 9.9 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 6.6 as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, dividends from portfolio companies and joint venture investments were 14.9 million, as compared to, 5.1 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, acceleration of unamortized OID income and unamortized loan origination fees totaled 3.9 million, as compared to 3.2 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, PIK interest income was 5.7 million, as compared to 0.4 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Interest and other financing fees 37,867 7,404 Base management fee 11,775 3,665 Incentive fees 3,074 Other general and administrative expenses 5,528 2,346 Total operating expenses 58,244 13,415 Base management fee waived (1,489) Net operating expenses 58,244 11,926 
 Interest and Other Financing Fees 
 Interest and other financing fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 were attributable to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, the July 2026 Notes, the May 2027 Notes and Secured Borrowings (each as defined below under Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources ). Interest and other financing fees during the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were attributable to borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility and the July 2026 Notes. The weighted average interest on the 
 73 

Revolving Credit Facility was 6.1 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.1 as of December 31, 2021. 
 Base Management Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, we pay Barings a base management fee quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated. The base management fee for any partial quarter is appropriately pro-rated. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the Advisory Agreement and the fee arrangement thereunder. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of base management fee incurred was 11.8 million. For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the amount of base management fee incurred was 3.7 million. Barings voluntarily agreed to waive the base management fee of 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2021, which resulted in a net base management fee of 2.2 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 after taking into account the waiver. Barings did not waive any portion of the base management fee for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Incentive Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, we pay Barings an incentive fee. The incentive fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount by which (x) the aggregate pre-incentive fee net investment income in respect of the then-current calendar quarter and the three preceding calendar quarters (the Trailing Twelve Months ), exceeds (y) the hurdle amount in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the fee arrangements thereunder. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of incentive fee incurred was approximately 3.1 million. For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, we did not incur any incentive fees 
 Other General and Administrative Expenses 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for our operations. We reimburse Barings for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount negotiated and mutually agreed to by us and Barings quarterly in arrears; provided that the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount will not exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by us under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of administration expense incurred and invoiced by Barings for expenses was 2.0 million. For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the amount of administration expense incurred and invoiced by Barings for expenses was 0.5 million. In addition to expenses incurred under the Administration Agreement, other general and administrative expenses include Board fees, D O insurance costs, offering costs, legal and accounting expenses and other costs related to our operations. 
 74 

Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 Net realized gains (losses) during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (12,971) (472) Net realized gains (losses) on investments (12,971) (472) Foreign currency transactions 42,276 4,834 Net realized gains (losses) 29,305 4,362 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net realized gain totaling 29.3 million, which consisted primarily of a net gain on foreign currency transactions of 42.3 million, partially offset by a net loss on our loan portfolio of 13.0 million. For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, we recognized a net realized gain totaling 4.4 million, which consisted primarily of a net gain on foreign currency transactions of 4.8 million, partially offset by a net loss on our loan portfolio of 0.5 million. 
 Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) 
 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (47,760) (2,156) Affiliate investments 16,785 3,287 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (30,975) 1,131 Foreign currency transactions (16,842) 1,771 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (47,817) 2,902 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded net unrealized depreciation totaling 47.8 million, consisting of net unrealized depreciation on our current portfolio of 40.4 million, deferred tax liability of 0.2 million and net unrealized depreciation related to foreign currency transactions of 16.8 million, partially offset by net unrealized appreciation reclassification adjustments of 9.7 million related to realized gains and losses recognized during the year. The net unrealized depreciation on the Company s current portfolio of 40.4 million was driven primarily by the impact of broad market moves for investments of 31.4 million and foreign currency exchange rates on investments of 22.0 million, partially offset by the credit or fundamental performance of investments of 13.0 million. 
 For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, we recorded net unrealized appreciation totaling 2.9 million, consisting of net unrealized appreciation on our current portfolio of 2.1 million and net unrealized appreciation related to foreign currency transactions of 1.8 million, partially offset by net unrealized depreciation reclassification adjustments of 1.0 million related to realized gains and losses recognized during the year. The net unrealized appreciation on the Company s current portfolio of 2.1 million was driven primarily by the impact of broad market moves for investments of 8.9 million and the credit or fundamental performance of investments of 0.5 million, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rates on investments of 7.3 million. 
 75 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents on hand, our available borrowing capacity under the Revolving Credit Facility and our anticipated cash flows from operations will be adequate to meet our cash needs for our daily operations for at least the next twelve months. In addition, we expect to generate cash from the net proceeds of our continuous offering of shares of common stock in the Private Offering. This Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources section should be read in conjunction with the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we are required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of our total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to our outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. Our asset coverage ratio was 199.3 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Cash Flows 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we experienced a net decrease in cash in the amount of 32.1 million. During that period, our operating activities used 656.8 million in cash, consisting primarily of purchases of portfolio investments of 971.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from sales or repayments of portfolio investments totaling 170.1 million. In addition, our financing activities provided net cash of 624.7 million, consisting primarily of net borrowings of 279.4 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, net proceeds of 154.7 million from the issuance of the May 2027 Notes, proceeds of 18.6 million from Secured Borrowings (as defined below under Financing Transactions and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 258.4 million, partially offset by dividends paid in the amount of 85.4 million. At December 31, 2022, we had 91.4 million of cash on hand, including foreign currencies. 
 For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, we experienced a net increase in cash in the amount of 123.5 million. During that period, our operating activities used 1,344.4 million in cash, consisting primarily of the purchase of the Initial Portfolio from MassMutual and CM Life for an aggregate purchase price of 602.4 million, purchases of portfolio investments of 968.9 million and purchases of short-term investments of 152.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from sales of investments totaling 185.8 million and proceeds from the sales of short-term investments of 152.0 million. In addition, our financing activities provided net cash of 1,467.9 million, consisting primarily of net borrowings of 530.6 million under the Revolving Credit Facility, net proceeds of 149.6 million from the issuance of the July 2026 Notes (as defined below under Financing Transactions and proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 819.4 million, partially offset by dividends paid in the amount of 26.6 million. At December 31, 2021, we had 123.5 million of cash on hand, including foreign currencies. 
 Financing Transactions 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On May 11, 2021, BPC Funding LLC BPC Funding ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a senior secured revolving credit facility with BNP Paribas BNPP (as amended, the Revolving Credit Facility ). BNPP serves as administrative agent, State Street Bank and Trust Company serves as collateral agent, and we serve as servicer under the Revolving Credit Facility. The initial maximum amount of borrowings available under the Revolving Credit Facility was 400 million. On November 18, 2021, BPC Funding and BNPP amended the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the maximum amount of borrowings available to 600 million from 400 million. Effective on March 9, 2022, BPC Funding and BNPP amended the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the maximum amount of borrowings available to 800 million from 600 million. 
 Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility initially bore interest at a per annum rate equal to, in the case of dollar advances, three-month LIBOR, and in the case of foreign currency advances, the applicable benchmark in effect for such currency, plus an applicable margin of 1.65 to 2.60 per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the Revolving Credit Facility. Effective on March 9, 2022, the term SOFR reference rate replaced LIBOR as an applicable index for U.S. dollar-based borrowings. Effective March 9, 2022, U.S. dollar 
 76 

advances under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of 1.80 to 2.75 per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the Revolving Credit Agreement. BPC Funding currently pays an unused fee based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between BPC Funding and BNPP. Commencing on September 9, 2022, BPC Funding will pay an unused fee of 1.25 per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than 50 , or 0.75 per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or equal to 50 and greater than 25 , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between BPC Funding and BNPP. 
 Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to compliance with borrowing base requirements, pursuant to which the amount of funds advanced by the lenders to BPC Funding vary depending upon the types of assets in BPC Funding s portfolio. Assets must meet certain criteria in order to be included in the borrowing base, and the borrowing base is subject to certain portfolio restrictions including investment size, sector concentrations and investment type. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by BPC Funding, to make advances under delayed draw term loans and revolving loans for which BPC Funding is a lender, and to make permitted distributions. The period during which BPC Funding may borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility expires on May 11, 2024, and the Revolving Credit Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding thereunder must be repaid by May 11, 2026. 
 BPC Funding s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of BPC Funding s portfolio investments and cash. The obligations of BPC Funding under the Revolving Credit Facility are non-recourse to us, and our exposure under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the value of our investment in BPC Funding. 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, BPC Funding has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of BPC Funding occurs. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, BNPP may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. The occurrence of an event of default (as described above) triggers a requirement that BPC Funding obtain the consent of BNPP prior to entering into any sale or disposition with respect to portfolio investments. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. dollar borrowings of 653.4 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 6.465 (three month SOFR of 4.113 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 30.2 million 36.3 million U.S. dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 4.415 (weighted average three month adjusted cumulative compounded SONIA of 2.083 ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A 7.8 million 5.3 million U.S dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 5.210 (three month BBSW of 3.060 ), borrowings denominated in Canadian dollars of C 5.4 million 4.0 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.708 (three month CDOR of 4.558 ), borrowings denominated in New Zealand dollars of NZ 6.1 million 3.9 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.490 (three month NZBB of 4.090 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 86.6 million 92.4 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 3.772 (three month EURIBOR of 1.605 ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings is included in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had U.S. dollar borrowings of 431.4 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 2.313 (weighted average three month LIBOR of 0.132 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 25.2 million 34.1 million U.S. dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 2.538 (weighted average three month adjusted cumulative compounded SONIA 
 77 

of 0.170 ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A 17.8 million 12.9 million U.S dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 2.211 (three month BBSW of 0.061 ), borrowings denominated in Canadian dollars of C 5.4 million 4.3 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 2.618 (three month CDOR of 0.468 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 37.0 million 42.1 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 2.191 (weighted average three month EURIBOR of 0.000 ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings is included in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations 
 July 2026 Notes 
 On July 29, 2021, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the July 2021 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series A senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series A Notes ), (2) 38.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series B senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series B Notes ), and (3) 37.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series C senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series C Notes, and collectively with the Series A Notes and the Series B Notes, the July 2026 Notes ), in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes were delivered and paid for on July 29, 2021, September 15, 2021 and October 28, 2021, respectively. The July 2026 Notes will mature on July 29, 2026 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by us in accordance with the terms of the July 2021 NPA. 
 The July 2026 Notes, for which we are required to obtain an initial rating by November 15, 2021, have a fixed interest rate of 3.5 per year, subject to a step up of (1) (x) 1.25 per year, to the extent that the initial rating for the July 2026 Notes does not satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions, and (y) at any time after we have received an investment grade rating for the July 2026 Notes, 0.75 per year, to the extent the July 2026 Notes thereafter fail to satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (2) 1.50 per year, to the extent the ratio of our secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 Our obligations under the July 2021 NPA are general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. 
 The July 2026 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The July 2026 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the July 2021 NPA and the July 2026 Notes issued thereunder. 
 May 2027 Notes 
 On May 10, 2022, we entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the May 2022 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series D senior unsecured notes due May 10, 2027 (the Series D Notes and (2) 55.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series E senior unsecured notes due May 10, 2027 (the Series E Notes, and collectively with the Series D Notes, the May 2027 Notes in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The Series D Notes were delivered and paid for on May 10, 2022, and the Series E Notes were delivered and paid for on July 6, 2022. 
 The May 2027 Notes have a fixed interest rate of 6.0 per year, subject to a step up of (1) 0.75 per year, to the extent the May 2027 Notes fail to satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (2) 1.50 per year, to the extent the ratio of the Company s secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 Our obligations under the May 2022 NPA are general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us. 
 The May 2027 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The May 2027 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, 
 78 

may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. See Note 4 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the May 2022 NPA and the May 2027 Notes issued thereunder. 
 In connection with the offering of the Series D Notes, on May 10, 2022, we entered into a 100.0 million notional value interest rate swap. We receive a fixed rate interest at 6.00 paid semi-annually and pays quarterly based on a compounded daily rate of SOFR plus 3.24500 . The swap transaction matures on May 10, 2027. The interest expense related to the Series D Notes will be equally offset by proceeds received from the interest rate swap. The swap adjusted interest expense is included as a component of interest and other financing fees in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swap had a fair value of (4.5) million. Depending on the nature of the balance at period end, the fair value of the interest rate swap is either included as a component of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in fair value of the interest rate swap is offset by the change in fair value of the Series D Notes. 
 In connection with the offering of the Series E Notes, on July 6, 2022, we entered into a 55.0 million notional value interest rate swap. We receive a fixed rate interest at 6.00 paid semi-annually and pays quarterly based on a compounded daily rate of SOFR plus 3.38200 . The swap transaction matures on May 10, 2027. The interest expense related to the Series E Notes will be equally offset by proceeds received from the interest rate swap. The swap adjusted interest expense is included as a component of interest and other financing fees in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swap had a fair value of (2.8) million. Depending on the nature of the balance at period end, the fair value of the interest rate swap is either included as a component of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in fair value of the interest rate swap is offset by the change in fair value of the Series E Notes. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap is based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 Secured Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 18.6 million of secured borrowings Secured Borrowings outstanding, which were recorded as a result of certain securities that were sold and simultaneously repurchased at a premium, with amounts payable to the counterparty due on the repurchase settlement date, which is generally within 120 days of the trade date. Our Secured Borrowings bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.843 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 At the discretion of the Board, we commenced a share repurchase program in which we may offer to repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of our shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of the previous calendar quarter, generally using a purchase price equal to the net asset value per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter. However, we are not obligated to repurchase any shares and may choose to repurchase only some, or even none, of the shares that have been requested to be repurchased in any particular quarter in our discretion. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in our best interest and the best interest of our stockholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter, stockholders may not be able to sell their shares promptly or at a desired price, and an investment in our shares is not suitable if you require short-term liquidity with respect to your investment in us . We intend to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under our financing arrangements. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be redeemed and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 There were no share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 79 

Distributions to Stockholders 
 We intend to pay distributions to our stockholders of substantially all of our income, as determined by the Board in its discretion considering factors such as our earnings, cash flow, capital needs and general financial condition and the requirements of Maryland law. As a result, our distribution rates and payment frequency may vary from time to time . We generally intend to declare regular monthly dividends on a monthly basis, although the frequency of such distributions may vary. 
 We have adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of dividends on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, when we declare a cash dividend, stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP will have their dividends automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends. 
 We have elected for federal income tax purposes to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under the Code and intend to make the required distributions to our stockholders as specified therein. In order to qualify for and maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and to obtain RIC tax benefits, we must meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. If such requirements are met, then we will generally be required to pay income taxes only on the portion of our taxable income and gains we do not distribute (actually or constructively). We monitor our distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any level of cash distributions and our ability to make distributions will be limited by the asset coverage requirement and related provisions under the 1940 Act and contained in any applicable indenture or financing arrangement and related supplements. In addition, in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement applicable to RICs, we may declare a significant portion of our dividends in shares of our common stock instead of in cash. A stockholder generally would be subject to tax on 100 of the fair market value of the dividend on the date the dividend is received by the stockholder in the same manner as a cash dividend, even though a portion of the dividend was paid in shares of our common stock. 
 The minimum distribution requirements applicable to RICs require us to distribute to our stockholders each year at least 90 of our ICTI. Depending on the level of ICTI and net capital gain, if any, earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such excess. Any such carryover income must be distributed before the end of the next tax year through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such income. 
 ICTI generally differs from net investment income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses. We may be required to recognize ICTI in certain circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments issued with warrants), we must include in ICTI each year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in ICTI other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as (i) PIK interest income and (ii) interest income from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our ICTI for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. ICTI also excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation, as investment gains or losses are not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the periods covered by such financial statements. We have identified investment valuation and revenue recognition as our most critical accounting estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the matters described below. These estimates are 
 80 

based on the information that is currently available to us and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. A discussion of our critical accounting policies follows. We describe our most significant accounting policies in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Investment Valuation 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We have a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by Barings and were approved by the Board. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our investment portfolio, valued at fair value in accordance with the Board-approved valuation policies, represented approximately 198 of our total net assets, as compared to approximately 168 of our total net assets as of December 31, 2021. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at the measurement date. For our portfolio securities, fair value is generally the amount that we might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security. The fair value measurement assumes that the sale occurs in the principal market for the security, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the security. If no market for the security exists or if we do not have access to the principal market, the security should be valued based on the sale occurring in a hypothetical market. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, there are three levels of valuation inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs include quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3 Inputs include inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
 A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the tables in the notes to our consolidated financial statements may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 Our investment portfolio includes certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other observable inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Adviser determines the fair value of our investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Adviser assesses the appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) its understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with underlying performance of the portfolio company. 
 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of our Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. 
 81 

Investment Valuation Process 
 The Board must determine fair value in good faith for any or all of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Board has designated Barings as valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations relating to the value of these assets. Barings has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets we hold. Barings uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, Barings will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by Barings' pricing committee. 
 At least annually, Barings conducts reviews of the primary pricing vendors to validate that the inputs used in the vendors pricing process are deemed to be market observable. While Barings is not provided access to proprietary models of the vendors, the reviews have included on-site walkthroughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. The review also includes an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process Barings continues to perform annually. In addition, the pricing vendors have an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of prices that fall outside expected ranges. Barings believes that the prices received from the pricing vendors are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (i.e., exit prices). 
 Our money market fund investments are generally valued using Level 1 inputs and our equity investments listed on an exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System are valued using Level 1 inputs, using the last quoted sale price of that day. Our syndicated senior secured loans and structured products are generally valued using Level 2 inputs, which are generally valued at the bid quotation obtained from dealers in loans by an independent pricing service. Our middle-market, private debt and equity investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 Independent Valuation 
 The fair value of loans and equity investments that are not syndicated or for which market quotations are not readily available, including middle-market loans, are generally submitted to independent providers to perform an independent valuation on those loans and equity investments as of the end of each quarter. Such loans and equity investments are initially held at cost, as that is a reasonable approximation of fair value on the acquisition date, and monitored for material changes that could affect the valuation (for example, changes in interest rates or the credit quality of the borrower). At the quarter end following that of the initial acquisition, such loans and equity investments are generally sent to a valuation provider which will determine the fair value of each investment. The independent valuation providers apply various methods (synthetic rating analysis, discounting cash flows, and re-underwriting analysis) to establish the rate of return a market participant would require (the discount rate as of the valuation date, given market conditions, prevailing lending standards and the perceived credit quality of the issuer. Future expected cash flows for each investment are discounted back to present value using these discount rates in the discounted cash flow analysis. A range of values will be provided by the valuation provider and Barings will determine the point within that range that it will use. If the Barings pricing committee disagrees with the price range provided, it may make a fair value recommendation to Barings that is outside of the range provided by the independent valuation provider and the reasons therefore. In certain instances, we may determine that it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in the stockholders' best interests, to request an independent valuation firm to perform an independent valuation on certain investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, situations where the fair value of the investment in the portfolio company is determined to be insignificant relative to the total investment portfolio. 
 Valuation Inputs 
 The Adviser s valuation techniques are based upon both observable and unobservable pricing inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Adviser s market assumptions. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value 
 82 

measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. An independent pricing service provider is the preferred source of pricing a loan, however, to the extent the independent pricing service provider price is unavailable or not relevant and reliable, the Adviser will utilize alternative approaches such as broker quotes or manual prices. The Adviser attempts to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the security. 
 Valuation of Investments in Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC 
 As Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC are investment companies with no readily determinable fair values, the Adviser estimates the fair value of our investments in these entities using net asset value of each company and our ownership percentage as a practical expedient. The net asset value is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Interest and Dividend Income 
 Interest income, including amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The cessation of recognition of such interest will negatively impact the reported fair value of the investment. We write off any previously accrued and uncollected interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible. Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity is recorded on the ex-dividend date. 
 We may have to include interest income in our ICTI, including OID income, from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. As a result, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements to maintain our RIC tax treatment, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. Additionally, any loss recognized by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes on previously accrued interest income will be treated as a capital loss. 
 Fee Income 
 Origination, facility, commitment, consent and other advance fees received in connection with the origination of a loan, or Loan Origination Fees, are recorded as deferred income and recognized as investment income over the term of the loan. Upon prepayment of a loan, any unamortized Loan Origination Fees are recorded as investment income. In the general course of our business, we receive certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, advisory, loan amendment and other fees, and are recorded as investment income when earned. 
 83 

Fee income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 was as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Recurring Fee Income: Amortization of loan origination fees 6,633 2,686 Management, valuation and other fees 1,783 341 Total Recurring Fee Income 8,416 3,027 Non-Recurring Fee Income: Prepayment fees 241 247 Acceleration of unamortized loan origination fees 3,910 3,157 Advisory, loan amendment and other fees 1,071 459 Total Non-Recurring Fee Income 5,222 3,863 Total Fee Income 13,638 6,890 
 Payment-in-Kind (PIK) Interest Income 
 We currently hold, and expect to hold in the future, some loans in our portfolio that contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is periodically added to the principal balance of the loan, rather than being paid to us in cash, and is recorded as interest income. Thus, the actual collection of PIK interest may be deferred until the time of debt principal repayment. 
 PIK interest, which is a non-cash source of income at the time of recognition, is included in our taxable income and therefore affects the amount we are required to distribute to our stockholders to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even though we have not yet collected the cash. Generally, when current cash interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if we otherwise do not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, we will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing PIK interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. We write off any previously accrued and uncollected PIK interest when it is determined that the PIK interest is no longer collectible. 
 We may have to include in our ICTI, PIK interest income from investments that have been classified as non-accrual for financial reporting purposes. Interest income on non-accrual investments is not recognized for financial reporting purposes, but generally is recognized in ICTI. As a result, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the minimum distribution requirements, even though we will not have received and may not ever receive any corresponding cash amount. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to market risk. Market risk includes risks that arise from changes in interest rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market sensitive instruments. The fair value of securities held by us may decline in response to certain events, including those directly involving the companies we invest in; conditions affecting the general economy; overall market changes; global pandemics; legislative reform; local, regional, national or global political, social or economic instability; and interest rate fluctuations. 
 In addition, we are subject to interest rate risk. Interest rate risk is defined as the sensitivity of our current and future earnings to interest rate volatility, variability of spread relationships, the difference in re-pricing intervals between our assets and liabilities and the effect that interest rates may have on our cash flows. Changes in the general level of interest rates can affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income 
 84 

earned on interest earning assets and our interest expense incurred in connection with our interest bearing debt and liabilities. Changes in interest rates can also affect, among other things, our ability to acquire and originate loans and securities and the value of our investment portfolio. Our net investment income is affected by fluctuations in various interest rates, including LIBOR, EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, SARON, BBSY, CDOR, STIBOR, SOFR, BKBM, NIBOR and SONIA. Our risk management systems and procedures are designed to identify and analyze our risk, to set appropriate policies and limits and to continually monitor these risks. We regularly measure exposure to interest rate risk and determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. We may in the future hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as additional interest rate swaps, futures, options and forward contracts. While hedging activities may mitigate our exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates, certain hedging transactions that we may enter into in the future, such as interest rate swap agreements, may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of changes in interest rates with respect to our portfolio investments. 
 In July 2017, the head of the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA ), announced that the FCA will no longer persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the FCA confirmed that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of sterling, euro, Swiss franc, and Japanese yen, and the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. In addition, as a result of supervisory guidance from U.S. regulators, some U.S. regulated entities ceased to enter into new LIBOR contracts after January 1, 2022. At this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates will become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, although the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has recommended the use of Secured Overnight Financing Rate, SOFR. There are many uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR to SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, including, but not limited to, the timing of any such transition, the need to amend all contracts with LIBOR as the referenced rate and, given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate, how any transition may impact the cost and performance of impacted securities, variable rate debt and derivative financial instruments. In addition, SOFR or another alternative benchmark rate may fail to gain market acceptance, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for securities, variable rate debt and derivative financial instruments linked to such rates. The effects of a transition from LIBOR to SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate on our cost of capital and net investment income cannot yet be determined definitively. All of our loan agreements with our portfolio companies include fallback language in the event that LIBOR becomes unavailable. This language generally either includes a clearly defined alternative reference rate after LIBOR s discontinuation or provides that the administrative agent may identify a replacement reference rate, typically with the consent of (or prior consultation with) the borrower. In certain cases, the administrative agent will be required to obtain the consent of either a majority of the lenders under the facility, or the consent of each lender, prior to identifying a replacement reference rate. In addition, any further changes or reforms to the determination or supervision of LIBOR may result in a sudden or prolonged increase or decrease in reported LIBOR, which could have an adverse impact on the market value for or value of any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The U.S. Federal Reserve is currently embarking on an aggressive campaign of raising interest rates to address significant and persistent inflation. The goal of these interest rate increases is to slow economic growth and reduce price pressure. There is a significant chance that this central bank tightening cycle could force the U.S. into a recession, at which point interest rates and base rates would likely decrease. A prolonged reduction in interest rates will reduce our gross investment income and could result in a decrease in our net investment income if such decreases in SOFR are not offset by a corresponding increase in the spread over SOFR that we earn on any portfolio investments, a decrease in in our operating expenses, including with respect to our income incentive fee, or a decrease in the interest rate of our floating interest rate liabilities tied to SOFR. 
 85 

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1,859.4 million (principal amount) of our debt portfolio investments bore interest at variable rates, which generally are either LIBOR-based or SOFR-based (or based on an equivalent applicable currency rate), and many of which are subject to certain floors. 
 Based on our December 31, 2022 Consolidated Balance Sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates on our debt investments and borrowings (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (in thousands) 
 Basis Point Change (1) 
 Interest Income Interest Expense Net Income (2) 
 Up 300 basis points 55,783 23,859 31,924 Up 200 basis points 37,189 15,906 21,283 Up 100 basis points 18,594 7,953 10,641 Down 25 basis points (4,649) (1,988) (2,661) Down 50 basis points (9,297) (3,976) (5,321) 
 (1) Excludes the impact of foreign currency exchange 
 (2) Excludes the impact of income based fees. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on the income based fees 
 We may also have exposure to foreign currencies related to certain investments. Such investments are translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date, exposing us to movements in the exchange rate. In order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates, we generally borrow in local foreign currencies under the Revolving Credit Facility to finance such investments. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. dollar borrowings of 653.4 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 6.465 (three month SOFR of 4.113 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 30.2 million 36.3 million U.S. dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 4.415 (weighted average three month adjusted cumulative compounded SONIA of 2.083 ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A 7.8 million 5.3 million U.S dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 5.210 (three month BBSW of 3.060 ), borrowings denominated in Canadian dollars of C 5.4 million 4.0 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.708 (three month CDOR of 4.558 ), borrowings denominated in New Zealand dollars of NZ 6.1 million 3.9 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.490 (three month NZBB of 4.090 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 86.6 million 92.4 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 3.772 (three month EURIBOR of 1.605 ). 
 Unused Commitments 
 In the normal course of business, we are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, consisting primarily of unused commitments to extend financing to our portfolio companies. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we believe we have adequate financial resources to satisfy our unfunded commitments. The balances of unused commitments to extend financing as of December 31, 2022 was as follows: 
 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 Accurus Aerospace Corporation(1)(2) Revolver 691 Amtech LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,818 Amtech LLC(1) Revolver 364 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Bridge Revolver 462 APC1 Holding(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 354 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 1,179 Arc Education(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,789 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(4) CAF Term Loan 1,579 
 86 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) RCF Bridge Term Loan 335 ASC Communications, LLC(2) Revolver 647 Astra Bidco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,059 ATL II MRO Holdings Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 2,500 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,512 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 962 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 481 Bariacum S.A(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 961 Beyond Risk Management, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,423 Biolam Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,783 Bounteous, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,697 Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 188 BrightSign LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,109 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition/Capex Facility 203 CAi Software, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 943 Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp.(1)(2)(6) Delayed Draw Term Loan 291 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l.(1)(3) Incremental CAF Term Loan 298 CGI Parent, LLC(1) Revolver 1,653 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 156 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,143 Comply365, LLC(1) Revolver 489 Coyo Uprising GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 505 DataServ Integrations, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 481 DecksDirect, LLC(1) Revolver 218 Direct Travel, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 233 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,368 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Revolver 416 DreamStart BidCo SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 168 Dune Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,515 Dwyer Instruments, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,513 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC(1) Revolver 12,321 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,947 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,261 EPS NASS Parent, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 92 eShipping, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,274 eShipping, LLC(1) Revolver 743 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,639 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 528 Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 640 Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC(1) Revolver 115 F24 (Stairway BidCo GmbH)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Term Loan 57 FineLine Systems(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 478 
 87 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 Footco 40 Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 766 Fortis Payment Systems, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 925 FragilePak LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,649 GB Eagle Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 3,226 Glacis Acquisition S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,399 Global Academic Group Limited(1)(7) Term Loan 451 GPZN II GmbH(1)(2)(3) CAF Term Loan 560 Graphpad Software, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,602 Greenhill II BV(1)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 255 Groupe Product Life(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,102 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 223 HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 313 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 148 Heartland, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 710 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC(1) Revolver 2,193 HEKA Invest(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,111 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,691 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Revolver 1,128 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,074 Innovad Group II BV(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 200 INOS 19-090 GmbH(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 217 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,621 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 111 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Accordion Facility 3,695 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Accordion Facility 606 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,488 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 103 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Revolver 118 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 422 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Revolver 490 Jon Bidco Limited(1)(7) Capex Acquisition Facility 753 Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC(1) Revolver 418 Kano Laboratories LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 724 Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 860 Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 819 Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 298 LeadsOnline, LLC(1) Revolver 1,952 LivTech Purchaser, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 244 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 24 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 106 Marshall Excelsior Co.(1) Revolver 216 MC Group Ventures Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 467 Mercell Holding AS(1)(8) Capex Acquisition Facility 797 
 88 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 Mertus 522. GmbH(1)(2)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 2,745 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) Term Loan 59 Murphy Midco Limited(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 97 Narda Acquisitionco., Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 953 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 1,254 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2) Capex Acquisition Facility 971 NPM Investments 28 BV(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 925 OA Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 1,331 OAC Holdings I Corp(1) Revolver 607 OG III B.V.(1)(3) Accordion Facility 650 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,407 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,008 Options Technology Ltd.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,406 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 187 Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,100 PDQ.Com Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,836 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C.(1) Revolver 947 Premium Invest(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,977 ProfitOptics, LLC(1) Revolver 193 Protego Bidco B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 255 PSP Intermediate 4, LLC(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 727 QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(5) Accordion Facility 2,585 Questel Unite(1)(2)(3) Incremental Term Loan 2,701 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,623 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Revolver 1,601 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,516 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,964 Rep Seko Merger Sub LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 520 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 765 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,945 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,787 Safety Products Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,730 Sanoptis S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Acquisition Capex Facility 5,535 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 416 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Revolver 336 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,135 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Revolver 515 Sereni Capital NV(1)(3) Term Loan 109 Simulation Software Investment Company Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 408 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,076 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,038 Soho Square III Debtco II SARL(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,383 Solo Buyer, L.P.(1)(2) Revolver 1,995 
 89 

Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 665 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Revolver 156 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,500 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,406 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 451 Superjet Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,825 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,770 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Revolver 309 Tank Holding Corp(1)(2) Revolver 545 Tanqueray Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex Facility 1,088 Techone B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 94 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1) Revolver 1,129 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,195 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Revolver 1,233 The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc.(1) Revolver 2,422 The Hilb Group, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,537 Trader Corporation(1)(2)(6) Revolver 345 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,681 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 177 Turbo Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,509 Union Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 210 United Therapy Holding III GmbH(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 1,089 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,371 W2O Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 487 Waccamaw River LLC(2) Joint Venture 2,480 Woodland Foods, LLC(1)(2) Line of Credit 330 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,329 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Revolver 1,025 Xeinadin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) CAF Term Loan 4,743 ZB Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,352 ZB Holdco LLC(1) Revolver 845 Zeppelin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 1,258 Total unused commitments to extend financing 247,730 
 
 (1) The Adviser's estimate of the fair value of the current investments in these portfolio companies includes an analysis of the fair value of any unfunded commitments. 
 (2) Represents a commitment to extend financing to a portfolio company where one or more of the Company's current investments in the portfolio company are carried at less than cost. 
 (3) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Euros. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (4) Actual commitment amount is denominated in British pounds sterling. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (5) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Australian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (6) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Canadian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (7) Actual commitment amount is denominated in New Zealand dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 90 

(8) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Norwegian Kroner. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 Recent Developments 
 Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we made approximately 148.1 million of new commitments, of which 41.9 million closed and funded. The 41.9 million of investments consists of 28.4 million of first lien senior secured debt investments, 1.5 million of equity investments and a 12.0 million preferred equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, litigation finance loans to mass tort law firms. The weighted average yield of the debt investments was 10.6 . In addition, we funded 4.7 million of previously committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans. 
 On January 3, 2023, we issued and sold 69,537.71 shares of its common stock, for an aggregate offering price of 1.4 million at a price per share of 20.55, determined in accordance with Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The sale of common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and the participating investors in connection with the Private Offering pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and Regulation S thereunder. 
 On February 1, 2023, we issued and sold 304,730.975 shares of its common stock, for an aggregate offering price of 6.3 million at a price per share of 20.63, determined in accordance with Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The sale of common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and the participating investors in connection with the Private Offering pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and Regulation S thereunder. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board announced the increase of its regular monthly distribution from 0.155 per share to 0.20 per share for the distribution payable on March 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on March 27, 2023. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board declared regular monthly distributions for April 2023 through May 2023. The regular monthly cash distributions, each in the gross amount of 0.20 per share are payable on April 28, 2023 and May 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 26, 2023 and May 26, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 See the section entitled Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 See our Financial Statements included herein and listed in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on the evaluation of these disclosure controls and procedures, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. It should be noted 
 91 

that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems, there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management (with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board appointed Jonathan Landsberg as President of the Company, effective immediately. Mr. Landsberg will continue to serve as the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Executive Officers in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of Mr. Landsberg s biography and business experience. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Landsberg and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as President. Further, with regard to Mr. Landsberg, there are no transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board appointed Ashlee Steinnerd as Chief Legal Officer of the Company, effective immediately, to replace Jill Dinerman. Ms. Dinerman will continue to serve as Global Head of Legal at Barings LLC. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Executive Officers in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of Ms. Steinnerd s biography and business experience. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Ms. Steinnerd and any other person pursuant to which she was appointed as Chief Legal Officer. Further, with regard to Ms. Steinnerd, there are no transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 92 

On February 23, 2023, the Board appointed Gerald Cummins to serve as Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, effective as of February 23, 2023, to replace Christopher DeFrancis, who was serving as interim Chief Compliance Officer of the Company. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance Executive Officers in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of Mr. Cummins biography and business experience. 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Cummins and any other person pursuant to which he was appointed as Chief Compliance Officer. Further, with regard to Mr. Cummins, there are no transactions since the beginning of our last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transaction, in which the Company is a participant that would require disclosure under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC. 
 On February 23, 2023, Dr. Bernard A. Harris, Jr. submitted his resignation as a director of the Company, effective as of the close of business on May 4, 2023. Dr. Harris s resignation was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. In connection with Dr. Harris s resignation, the Board approved a resolution reducing the number of directors that constitutes the full Board to four directors from five directors, effective as of the close of business on May 4, 2023. 
 As of February 1, 2023, the Company sold 304,730.975 unregistered shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock (with the final number of shares issued being determined on February 23, 2023), pursuant to subscription agreements entered into with the participating investors for aggregate consideration of approximately 6.3 million. 
 The offer and sale of the Shares was exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder and/or Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 The net asset value per share of the Common Stock as of January 31, 2023 is 20.63. 
 The Company is currently conducting the Private Offering on a continuous basis for up to 2.0 billion in shares of Common Stock. As of the date hereof, the Company has issued an aggregate of 53,277,360.74 shares of Common Stock in the Private Offering for total consideration of 1,086.1 million. The Company intends to continue selling shares of Common Stock in the Private Offering on a monthly basis. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 93 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board. The Board consists of five directors. The Board appoints our officers, who serve at the discretion of our Board. The responsibilities of the Board include oversight of application of the valuation policies used for determining the fair value of the Company s investments, corporate governance activities, oversight of our financing arrangements and oversight of our investment activities. 
 Our Board is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, with the term of office of only one of the three classes expiring each year.At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors of the class of directors whose term expires at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting of stockholders following the meeting at which they were elected. In all cases, each director s term will extend until his or her successor is elected and qualifies or until his or her earlier resignation, removal from office, death or incapacity. To the extent possible, each class shall have the same number of directors. 
 Directors 
 The following information regarding our Board is as of the close of business on February 23, 2023: 
 Name Age Position(s) Held Director Since Director Class Interested Directors (1) 
 Eric Lloyd 54 Chairman of the Board 2021 Class II Bernard Harris 66 Director 2021 Class III Independent Directors Mark F. Mulhern 63 Director 2021 Class II Thomas W. Okel 60 Director 2021 Class I Jill Olmstead 59 Director 2021 Class I 
 (1) Interested Directors due to affiliations with Barings LLC and/or MassMutual. 
 The address for each of our directors is 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. 
 Executive Officers 
 The following information regarding our executive officers is as of the close of business on February 23, 2023: 
 Name Age Position(s) Held Ian Fowler 59 Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Landsberg 38 President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Elizabeth A. Murray 45 Principal Accounting Officer Gerald Cummins 67 Chief Compliance Officer Ashlee Steinnerd 41 Chief Legal Officer 
 The address for each of our executive officers is 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. 
 94 

Biographical Information 
 Directors 
 Our directors have been divided into two groups Interested Directors and Independent Directors. An Interested Director is an interested person, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company or Barings. 
 Interested Directors 
 Eric Lloyd Mr. Lloyd brings over 30 years of experience in investment management, investment banking, leveraged finance and risk management to the Board. Mr. Lloyd is President of Barings LLC where he leads and manages cross-asset investment teams, corporate strategy, business development, product management, investment business management, research analytics and quant, permanent capital, special situations, marketing and communication. Mr. Lloyd also works closely with all the investment teams at Barings LLC. Prior to his current role, Mr. Lloyd served as Head of Private Assets. Mr. Lloyd has worked in the industry since 1990 and his experience has encompassed leadership positions in investment management, investment banking, leveraged finance and risk management. Prior to joining Barings in 2013, Mr. Lloyd served as Head of Market and Institutional Risk for Wells Fargo, was on Wells Fargo s Management Committee and was a member of the Board of Directors of Wells Fargo Securities. Before the acquisition of Wachovia, Mr. Lloyd worked in Wachovia s Global Markets Investment Banking division and served on the division s Operating Committee where he had various leadership positions, including Head of Wachovia s Global Leveraged Finance Group. Mr. Lloyd serves as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO to Barings BDC, Inc. BBDC and Chairman of the Board of Directors to Barings Capital Investment Corporation BCIC ), each of which is an affiliate of the Company. Mr. Lloyd holds a B.S. in Finance from the University of Virginia's McIntire School of Commerce. 
 Bernard Harris Dr. Harris brings substantial executive, board and operations experience to the Board. He has served since 2018 as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the National Math and Science Initiative, a non-profit organization focused on increasing student opportunities and achievement and teaching effectiveness in STEM education. He has also served since 1998 as President of The Harris Foundation/Institute and since 2002 as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Partner of Vesalius Ventures, Inc., a venture capital firm investing in early and mid-stage healthcare technologies and companies. He previously served as a Clinical Scientist, Flight Surgeon and Astronaut for NASA. Dr. Harris currently serves as director or trustee of several business development companies, registered investment companies, and other public and private organizations, including MassMutual; BBDC and BCIC; Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, a closed-end investment company advised by Barings; the Endowment Fund; Salient Midstream MLP Fund; Salient MF Trust; Forward Funds; Monebo Technologies Inc.; and U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. In addition, he is on the Board of the National Academy of Medicine, the Texas Medical Center, CHI St. Luke s Health Texas Division, National Math and Science Initiative, and the Harris Institute Foundation. He earned a Bachelor of Science in Biology from the University of Houston, a Master of Medical Science from the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston, a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the University of Houston and a Doctorate of Medicine from Texas Tech University School of Medicine. He completed a Residency in Internal Medicine at the Mayo Clinic, a National Research Council Fellowship in Endocrinology at the NASA Ames Research Center and trained as a Flight Surgeon at the Aerospace School of Medicine, Brooks Air Force Base. Dr. Harris is the recipient of numerous awards, including honorary doctorates from Stony Brook University (SUNY), Morehouse School of Medicine, New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT), Washington Jefferson College, Worcester Polytechnic Institute, University of Hartford and Indiana Institute of Technology, NASA Space Flight Medal, NASA Award of Merit, a fellow of the American College of Physicians, and was the recipient of the 2000 Horatio Alger Award. 
 Independent Directors 
 
 Mark F. Mulhern Mr. Mulhern brings significant public company experience, both as a senior executive and as a board member. From September 2014 until his retirement on January 1, 2022, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Highwoods Properties, Inc., a Raleigh, North Carolina based publicly traded real estate investment trust. Prior to joining Highwoods, Mr. Mulhern served as Executive Vice President and Chief 
 95 

Financial Officer of Exco Resources, Inc. Prior to Exco, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Progress Energy, Inc. from 2008 until its merger with Duke Energy Corporation in 2012. He joined Progress Energy in 1996 as Vice President and Controller and served in a number of leadership roles at Progress Energy, including Vice President of Strategic Planning, Senior Vice President of Finance and President of Progress Ventures. He also spent eight years at Price Waterhouse, now known as PwC. Mr. Mulhern previously served on the Highwoods Board of Directors and Audit Committee from January 2012 through August 2014. He currently serves on the boards of BBDC and BCIC, as well as Barings Private Equity Opportunities and Commitments Fund (a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company advised by Barings) and Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund (a closed-end investment company advised by Barings). Additionally, Mr. Mulhern serves on the board of the Intercontinental Exchange, a Fortune 500 company and provider of marketplace infrastructure, data service and technology solutions to a broad range of customers. He also serves on the board of Ellie Mae, Inc., the operating company of ICE Mortgage Technology, both of which are subsidiaries of Intercontinental Exchange. Mr. Mulhern also currently serves on the board of McKim and Creed, a North Carolina based professional engineering services firm. Mr. Mulhern is a Certified Public Accountant and is a graduate of St. Bonaventure University. 
 Thomas W. Okel Mr. Okel brings over 20 years of experience in the underwriting, structuring, distribution and trading of debt used for corporate acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, recapitalizations and refinancings. He previously served from 2011 to 2019 as Executive Director of Catawba Lands Conservancy, a non-profit land trust. Prior to joining Catawba Lands Conservancy, he served as Global Head of Syndicated Capital Markets at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he managed capital markets, sales, trading and research for the United States, Europe, Asia and Latin America from 1989 to 2010. He currently serves as trustee or director of several public companies and non-profit organizations, including BBDC and BCIC; Barings Private Equity Opportunities and Commitments Fund (a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company advised by Barings; Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, a closed-end investment company advised by Barings; and is Chairman of the Board of Directors of Horizon Funds, a mutual fund complex. Mr. Okel holds a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Davidson College and a Masters of Management, Finance, Accounting and Marketing from Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. 
 Jill Olmstead Ms. Olmstead brings over 21 years of senior leadership experience in Human Resources in the financial services industry. She has served as Chief Human Resources Officer at LendingTree, Inc. since 2018 and was a Founding Partner of Spivey Olmstead, LLC, a Talent and Leadership Consulting firm with expertise in the fields of executive development and talent management founded in June 2010. She also currently serves on the boards of BBDC, BCIC, Barings Private Equity Opportunities and Commitments Fund (a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company advised by Barings) and Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, a closed-end investment company advised by Barings. The Board benefits from her experience with C-suite executives in helping lead companies' efforts on talent strategies, including succession planning, building strong performance cultures, and diversity and inclusion work. She has a strategic and pragmatic approach to talent management with an eye toward bottom line results. In her capacity as Managing Director (2006 to 2009) and Executive Vice President (2000 to 2006) at Wachovia Corporation (now Wells Fargo) she was both the Head of Human Resources for the Corporate and Investment Bank and the Head of Human Resources for the International Businesses. Prior to this, she formed and led the Leadership Practices Group at Wachovia to create and implement a company-wide talent management process that identified, developed, tracked and promoted high potential leaders throughout their careers. Ms. Olmstead received a Bachelor of Science at Clemson University and a Masters in Organization Behavior and Development at Fielding University, Santa Barbara, CA. 
 Executive Officers and Chief Compliance Officer 
 
 Ian Fowler Mr. Fowler served as the Company s Co-Chief Executive Officer since May 2021, has served as the sole Chief Executive Officer since December 2022. He is Co-head of Barings Global Private Finance Group, as well as a member of the group s North American, European and Asia-Pacific Private Finance Investment Committees. Mr. Fowler has also served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of BCIC since its inception and serves as President of BBDC. He is responsible for leading a team that originates, underwrites and manages global private finance investments. Mr. Fowler has worked in the industry since 1988 and his experience has encompassed middle market commercial finance, including originating, underwriting and managing senior secured loans, mezzanine and co-investment transactions. Prior to joining Barings in 2012, he was a Senior Managing 
 96 

Director with Harbour Group and co-founded Freeport Financial LLC where he was a member of the Executive Credit Committee and responsible for all business development and capital market initiatives. While at Freeport, he helped build the company into one of the top five non-bank affiliated middle market sponsor finance companies in the United States. Before Freeport, Mr. Fowler was Managing Director and Global Group Leader for GE Capital s Global Sponsor Finance Group. Prior to GE Capital, Mr. Fowler held various leveraged finance and investment positions with NationsBank and Mellon Bank. Mr. Fowler holds a B.A. (Honors) from the University of Western Ontario and is a member of the CFA Institute. 
 
 Jonathan Landsberg Mr. Landsberg has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since May 2021 and also serves as the Company s President and Treasurer. He is also the Chief Financial Officer for BCIC and BBDC. Mr. Landsberg also has roles with several Barings-complex BDC-related joint ventures, including as Principal of Jocassee Partners LLC, and a Board member of Banff Partners LP, Thompson Rivers LLC, and Waccamaw River LLC. Mr. Landsberg has worked in the industry since 2006. Prior to joining Barings in 2018, Mr. Landsberg was a Fixed Income Research Analyst at Wells Fargo Securities, covering the bank and specialty finance sectors. Before Wells Fargo, he spent eight years at Merrill Lynch/Bank of America in roles across debt origination and syndicated lending. Mr. Landsberg holds a B.A. degree in Engineering Sciences and Economics from Dartmouth College and is a member of the CFA Institute. 
 Elizabeth Murray Ms. Murray has served as the Company s Principal Accounting Officer since May 2021. She is also the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Accounting Officer for BBDC and Principal Accounting Officer for BCIC. She also serves as the Treasurer for Barings Private Equity Opportunities Commitments Fund. Ms. Murray previously was the Director of External Reporting for BBDC and previously served as the Vice President of Financial Reporting at Triangle Capital Corporation prior to the externalization of the investment management of BBDC to Barings LLC. Prior to joining Triangle Capital Corporation in 2012, she worked in Financial Planning and Analysis for RBC Bank, the U.S. retail banking division for Royal Bank of Canada. Prior to RBC Bank, Ms. Murray spent seven years at Progress Energy, Inc. and held various positions in finance, accounting and tax, most recently in Strategy and Financial Planning. Ms. Murray began her career as a Tax Consultant with PricewaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Murray is a graduate of North Carolina State University where she obtained a B.S. degree in Accounting and a Master of Accounting degree. She is also a North Carolina Certified Public Accountant. 
 Gerald Cummin s Mr. Cummins serves as the Company s Chief Compliance Officer and is a Director at ACA Group ACA ). Mr. Cummins also serves as the chief compliance officer for an internally managed business development company and a fund complex with affiliated registered entities that manage two structured credit private funds, an exchange listed business development company and an exchange listed structured credit closed-end fund. He also provides compliance program monitoring and testing support to advisers and registered funds who primarily invest in private equity and private credit. Mr. Cummins has supported registered advisers and registered funds as an outsourced chief compliance officer since 2015. Prior to working as an outsourced chief compliance officer, Mr. Cummins was a consultant for Barclays Capital Inc., where he participated in numerous compliance projects on pricing and valuation. Prior to that, he was the Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer for BroadArch Capital and the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer to its predecessor New Castle Funds, a long-short equity asset manager with over 1 billion in AUM. Mr. Cummins also spent 25 years at Bear Stearns Asset Management BSAM ), an asset manager with over 25 billion in AUM, where he was a Managing Director and held senior compliance, controller and operations risk positions. Mr. Cummins served as a member of the risk, best execution and valuation committees that oversaw 25 hedge and private equity funds. At BSAM, he also served as the head of the hedge fund business controllers unit, and participated in the structuring and launch of numerous hedge funds and fund of funds across multiple equity, fixed income and derivatives strategies. Mr. Cummins holds a B.A. in Mathematics from Fordham University. 
 
 Ashlee Steinnerd Ms. Steinnerd serves as the Company s Chief Legal Officer. Ms. Steinnerd also serves as the Head of Regulatory at Barings and as Chief Legal Officer of BBDC, BCIC, Barings Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, Barings Corporate Investors, PEOC, and Barings Participation Investors. Ms. Steinnerd has been a member of the Barings legal team since 2019, advising Barings on a variety of regulatory issues. Prior to joining Barings, Ms. Steinnerd was Senior Counsel in the Securities and Exchange Commission s Office of the Investor Advocate. Ms. Steinnerd held several roles during her tenure at the Securities and Exchange Commission between 
 97 

2011 and 2019. Ms. Steinnerd holds a B.S. in Applied International Finance and Applied International Economics from the American University of Paris, France and a J.D. from Rutgers School of Law. 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock, to file reports of securities ownership and changes in such ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater than 10 stockholders also are required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 
 Based solely on the Company s review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed by such persons and information provided by the Company s directors and officers, the Company believes that during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to such persons were met in a timely manner, with the following inadvertent exceptions: Christopher DeFrancis failed to timely file an initial statement of beneficial ownership of securities on Form 3 in connection with his appointment to serve as interim Chief Compliance Officer of the Company in November 2022, and Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund, a beneficial owner of more than 10 of our common stock, failed to timely file one Form 4 with respect to one transaction in shares of our common stock during the reporting period. 
 Corporate Governance 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 The Company and Barings are subject to Barings LLC s Global Code of Ethics Policy, which applies to, among others, our executive officers, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as our directors and Barings officers, directors and employees. 
 We will provide any person, without charge, upon request, a copy of our Global Code of Ethics Policy. To receive a copy, please provide a written request to: Barings Private Credit Corporation, Attn: Chief Compliance Officer, 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500 Charlotte, North Carolina, 28202. Any material amendments to or waivers of a required provision of the Global Code of Ethics Policy will be reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Under Barings LLC's Global Code of Ethics Policy, officers, directors and certain employees of Barings must first obtain pre-clearance from Barings' compliance department before trading in the Company's securities. In addition, the Company's Insider Trading Policy includes restrictions that prohibit directors and officers of the Company from, among other things, engaging in short sales or hedging transactions with respect to the Company's securities, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. 
 Audit Committee 
 Our Board has established an Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and the Board may establish additional committees from time to time as necessary. 
 The members of the Audit Committee consist of Mark Mulhern, Jill Olmstead and Thomas Okel, each of whom is financially literate and meets the independence standards established by the SEC for audit committees and is independent for purposes of the 1940 Act. Mr. Mulhern serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The Board has designated Mr. Mulhern as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K. 
 The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board with its oversight responsibilities regarding: (i) the integrity of the Company s financial statements; (ii) the integrity of the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company and the audits of the financial statements; (iii) the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) the independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence; and (v) the performance of the Company s internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee also assists the Board in establishing and monitoring the application of the valuation policies used for 
 98 

determining the fair value of the Company s investments that are not publicly traded or for which current market values are not readily available. 
 The function of the Audit Committee is oversight. The independent accountants are accountable to the Board and the Audit Committee, as representatives of our stockholders. The Board and the Audit Committee have the ultimate authority and responsibility to select, evaluate and, where appropriate, replace our independent accountants (subject, if applicable, to stockholder ratification). 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Our executive officers are employees of Barings and do not receive any direct compensation from us. Barings serves as our external investment adviser and manages our investment portfolio under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, in connection with which we pay Barings a base management fee and an incentive fee, the details of which are set forth in Item 1. Business Management Agreements . 
 Our day-to-day investment operations are managed by Barings and services necessary for its business, including the origination and administration of its investment portfolio are provided by individuals who are employees of Barings, as investment adviser and administrator, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement. We reimburse Barings, in its capacity as administrator, for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount negotiated and mutually agreed to by us and Barings quarterly in arrears. In no event will the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by us under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. The costs and expenses incurred by Barings on our behalf under the Administration Agreement include, but are not limited to: 
 the allocable portion of Barings rent for our Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the usage thereof by such personnel in connection with their performance of administrative services under the Administration Agreement; 
 the allocable portion of the salaries, bonuses, benefits and expenses of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the time spent by such personnel in connection with performing administrative services for us under the Administration Agreement; 
 the actual cost of goods and services used for us and obtained by Barings from entities not affiliated with us, which is reasonably allocated to us on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other methods conforming with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 all fees, costs and expenses associated with the engagement of a sub-administrator, if any; and 
 costs associated with (a) the monitoring and preparation of regulatory reporting, including filings with the SEC and tax reporting, (b) the coordination and oversight of service provider activities and the direct cost of such contractual matters related thereto and (c) the preparation of all financial statements and the coordination and oversight of audits, regulatory inquiries, certifications and sub-certifications. 
 Director Compensation 
 The Company s directors are divided into two groups Interested Directors and Independent Directors. During 2022, Interested Directors did not receive any compensation from the Company for their service as members of the Board of Directors. The compensation table below sets forth compensation that the Company s Independent Directors earned during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 99 

Name Fees Earned or Paid in Cash All Other 
 Compensation(1) 
 Total Mark Mulhern 60,000 60,000 Thomas W. Okel 60,000 60,000 Jill Olmstead 60,000 60,000 Dr. Bernard Harris (2) 60,000 60,000 
 (1) All other compensation includes reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. 
 (2) Dr. Harris receives compensation for his services as director from Barings LLC. 
 Each Independent Director of the Board is paid an annual board retainer of 60,000, payable in quarterly installments. In addition, the Company reimburses Independent Directors for any out-of-pocket expenses related to their service as members of the Board of Directors. The Independent Directors of the Board do not receive any stock-based compensation for their service as members of the Board. The Company s directors who are employed by Barings do not receive any compensation for their service as members of the Board. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the close of business on February 23, 2023, by our directors and executive officers, both individually and as a group, and by each person known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock. With respect to persons known to us to beneficially own 5 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, we base such knowledge on beneficial ownership filings made by the holders with the SEC and other information known to us. Other than as set forth in the table below, none of our directors or executive officers are deemed to beneficially own shares of our common stock. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. 
 There is no common stock subject to options or warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of February 23, 2023. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 53,277,361 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 23, 2023. Unless otherwise indicated by footnote, the business address of each person listed below is 300 South Tryon Street, Suite 2500, Charlotte, North Carolina 28202. 
 100 

Name of Beneficial Owner Number of 
 Shares Beneficially Owned (1) 
 Percentage of Class ) (2) 
 Interested Directors: Eric Lloyd Bernard Harris Independent Directors: Mark F. Mulhern Thomas W. Okel Jill Olmstead Executive Officers: Ian Fowler Jonathan Landsberg Ashlee Steinnerd Elizabeth Murray All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (9 persons) 

Five-Percent Stockholders: Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund (3) 
 44,235,355.22 
 83.0 Less than one percent. (1) Beneficial ownership in this column has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act. Except as otherwise noted, each beneficial owner of more than five percent of the Company s common stock and each director and executive officer has sole voting and/or investment power over the shares reported. (2) Based on a total of 53,277,361 shares issued and outstanding as of February 23, 2023. 
 (3) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 10, 2023, Cliffwater Corporate Lending Fund CCLF ), a statutory trust organized under the laws of the state of Delaware, and its investment adviser, Cliffwater LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, share voting and dispositive power over the shares. The address of CCLF s principal place of business and principal executive office is c/o UMB Fund Services, Inc., 235 W. Galena Street, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212. The address of Cliffwater LLC s principal place of business and principal executive office is 4640 Admiralty Way, 11th floor, Marina del Rey, California 90292. 
 
 Pursuant to a Fund of Funds Investment Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, by and between CCLF and the Company, which provided for the acquisition of the Company s common stock by CCLF in a manner consistent with the requirements of Rule 12d1-4 under the 1940 Act, CCLF has waived its right to vote all shares of the Company s common stock to the extent that CCLF s aggregate ownership represents more than 4.99 of the Company s outstanding shares. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The Company has procedures in place for the review, approval and monitoring of transactions involving the Company and certain persons related to it. For example, the Company has a code of conduct that generally prohibits any employee, officer or director of the Company from engaging in any transaction where there is a conflict between such individual s personal interest and the interests of the Company. Waivers to the code of conduct can generally only be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, a majority of the Board or the chairperson of the Audit Committee and are publicly disclosed as required by applicable law and regulations. In addition, the members of the Audit Committee oversee, on an ongoing basis, and conduct a prior review of all transactions between the Company and related persons (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) that are required to be disclosed in the Company's proxy statement. 
 As a BDC, the Company is also subject to certain regulatory requirements that restrict the Company s ability to engage in certain related-party transactions. The Company has separate policies and procedures that have been 
 101 

adopted to ensure that it does not enter into any such prohibited transactions without seeking necessary approvals, including prohibited transactions under the 1940 Act. 
 BDCs generally are prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with their affiliates without the prior approval of their independent directors and, in some cases, of the SEC. Those transactions include purchases and sales, and so-called joint transactions, in which a BDC and one or more of its affiliates engage in certain types of profit-making activities. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5.0 or more of a BDC s outstanding voting securities will be considered an affiliate of the BDC for purposes of the 1940 Act, and a BDC generally is prohibited from engaging in purchases or sales of assets or joint transactions with such affiliates, absent the prior approval of the BDC s independent directors. Additionally, without the approval of the SEC, a BDC is prohibited from engaging in purchases or sales of assets or joint transactions with the BDC s officers and directors, and investment adviser, including funds managed by the investment adviser and its affiliates. 
 BDCs may, however, invest alongside certain related parties or their respective other clients in certain circumstances where doing so is consistent with current law and SEC staff interpretations. For example, a BDC may invest alongside such accounts consistent with guidance promulgated by the SEC staff permitting the BDC and such other accounts to purchase interests in a single class of privately placed securities so long as certain conditions are met, including that the BDC s investment adviser, acting on the BDC s behalf and on behalf of other clients, negotiates no term other than price. Co-investment with such other accounts is not permitted or appropriate under this guidance when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer or where the different investments could be expected to result in a conflict between the BDC s interests and those of other accounts. 
 The 1940 Act generally prohibits BDCs from making certain negotiated co-investments with certain affiliates absent an order from the SEC permitting the BDC to do so. Pursuant to Barings existing SEC Co-Investment Exemptive Relief, the Company is generally permitted to co-invest with funds affiliated with Barings if a "required majority" (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Company s independent directors make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company's stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objective and strategies. Co-investments made under the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief are subject to compliance with the conditions and other requirements contained in the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief, which could limit the Company s ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. 
 The Company s executive officers and the members of the Investment Committee, as well as the other principals of Barings, manage other funds affiliated with Barings, including BBDC and BCIC and other closed-end investment companies. In addition, Barings investment team has responsibilities for managing U.S. and global middle-market debt investments for certain other investment funds and accounts. Accordingly, they have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of, or may be adverse to the interests of, the Company or its stockholders. In addition, certain of the other funds and accounts managed by Barings may provide for higher management or incentive fees, greater expense reimbursements or overhead allocations, or permit Barings and its affiliates to receive higher origination and other transaction fees, all of which may contribute to this conflict of interest and create an incentive for Barings to favor such other funds or accounts. Although the professional staff of Barings will devote as much time to the Company s management as appropriate to enable Barings to perform its duties in accordance with the Advisory Agreement, the investment professionals of Barings may have conflicts in allocating their time and services among the Company, on the one hand, and the other investment vehicles managed by Barings or one or more of its affiliates on the other hand. 
 Barings may face conflicts in allocating investment opport unities between the Company and affiliated investment vehicles that have overlapping investment objectives with ours, including BBDC and BCIC. In addition, the Company may not be made aware of and/or be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds which are managed by advisers affiliated with Barings and do not participate in the co-investment program described in the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief. In situations where co-investment with other affiliated funds or accounts is not permitted or appropriate, Barings will need to decide which account will proceed with the investment in accordance with its allocation policies and procedures. Although Barings will endeavor to allocate 
 102 

investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner in accordance with its allocation policies and procedures, it is possible that, in the future, the Company may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by Barings or an investment manager affiliated with Barings if such investment is prohibited by the Co-Investment Exemptive Relief or the 1940 Act. These restrictions, and similar restrictions that limit the Company s ability to transact business with its officers or directors or their affiliates, including funds managed by Barings, may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to the Company. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 The Company is party to the Advisory Agreement with Barings, in which certain directors and officers of the Company and members of the Investment Committee may have indirect ownership and pecuniary interests. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Company pays Barings (i) the Base Management Fee and (ii) the Incentive Fee as compensation for the investment advisory and management services it provides the Company thereunder. See Item 1. Business Management Agreements for more information regarding the Advisory Agreement. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of Base Management Fee incurred was 11.8 million. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of Incentive Fee incurred was approximately 3.1 million. 
 Sub-Advisory Agreement 
 Barings has retained BIIL, its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, as a sub-adviser to manage our European investments, pursuant to the terms of the Sub-Advisory Agreement. BIIL is an investment adviser registered with the SEC in the United States and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom with its principal office located in London. 
 Under the terms of the Sub-Advisory Agreement and except as expressly provided for therein, BIIL provides advisory serves with respect to our European investments on terms and conditions that are, as far as possible, identical to the terms and conditions under which Barings itself serves as our investment adviser under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, except as expressly set forth in the Sub-Advisory Agreement, BIIL is entitled to the same rights and protections as Barings is under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Barings maintains oversight responsibilities for BIIL s activities as they relate to the Company s investment portfolio (including BIIL s compliance with the requirements set out, referred to or contemplated by the Advisory Agreement), but BIIL is not under the day-to-day direction and supervision of Barings with respect to such activities; provided, however, that Barings retains ultimate discretion over the selection, acquisition and disposal of assets to or from the Company s investment portfolio. Barings, and not the Company, is solely responsible for paying compensation to BIIL, which amount shall be a portion of the management fees paid by the Company to Barings under the Advisory Agreement, as agreed to between Barings and BIIL from time to time. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of the Administration Agreement, Barings also performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for Barings to operate, including, but not limited to, providing office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as Barings, subject to review by the Board, from time to time, determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. Barings also, on our behalf and subject to oversight by the Board, arranges for the services of, and oversees, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. See "Item 11. Executive Compensation" above for more information. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the amount of administration expense incurred and invoiced by Barings for expenses was 2.0 million. 
 See Item 1. Business Management Agreements for more information regarding the Administration Agreement. 
 103 

Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into the Expense Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings may elect to make Expense Payments on our behalf, including organization and offering expenses, provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any of our interest expense or, if applicable following receipt of the Multi-Class Exemptive Relief from the SEC, if any, distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees. Any Expense Payment that Barings commits to pay must be paid by Barings to us in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment is made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to Barings or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar quarter in which Available Operating Funds exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to our stockholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar quarter (the amount of such excess referred to herein as Excess Operating Funds ), we will pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to Barings until such time as all Expense Payments made by Barings to us within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by us under the Expense Support Agreement are referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) our net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) our net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to us on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The amount of the Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will equal the lesser of (i) the Excess Operating Funds in such quarter and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Expense Payments made by Barings to us within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter that have not been previously reimbursed by us to Barings; provided that Barings may waive its right to receive all or a portion of any Reimbursement Payment in any particular calendar quarter, in which case such waived amount will remain unreimbursed Expense Payments reimbursable in future quarters pursuant to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 Our obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment will automatically become a liability of ours on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter, except to the extent Barings has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable quarter. The Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will be paid by us to Barings in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds as promptly as possible following such calendar quarter and in no event later than forty-five days after the end of such calendar quarter. 
 Either we or Barings may terminate the Expense Support Agreement at any time, with or without notice, without the payment of any penalty, provided that any Expense Payments that have not been reimbursed by us to Barings will remain our obligation following any such termination, subject to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 There were no Expense Payments or Reimbursement Payments made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 July 2026 Notes 
 On July 29, 2021, we entered into the July 2021 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Series A Notes, (2) 38.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Series B Notes, and (3) 37.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Series C Notes, in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes were delivered and paid for on July 29, 2021, September 15, 2021, and October 28, 2021, respectively. Barings parent company, MassMutual, and/or its affiliates or subsidiaries hold approximately 46.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the July 2026 Notes. Barings also serves as investment adviser to additional holders of the July 2026 Notes. 
 The Company s obligations under the July 2021 NPA are general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and 
 104 

Capital Resources included in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding the July 2021 NPA and the July 2026 Notes. 
 Director Independence 
 While we are not listed on any public securities exchange, we comply with listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE requiring listed companies to have a board of directors with at least a majority of independent directors. The NYSE listing standards provide that a director of a business development company will be considered to be independent if he or she is not an interested person of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. 
 Based on these standards, the Board has determined that Ms. Olmstead and Messrs. Mulhern and Okel are independent (or not interested persons of the Company). Based upon information requested from each such director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, the Board has affirmatively determined that none of the independent directors has a material business or professional relationship with the Company, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the Board or any committee thereof. None of the members of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are interested persons, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, of the Company. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The Audit Committee and the Board, including a majority of the independent directors, have selected KPMG LLP as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. KPMG LLP also will serve as the independent auditors for all of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures with Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC. 
 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s Fees 
 The following table provides information regarding the fees billed by KPMG LLP for work performed for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 or attributable to the audit of the Company s 2022 or 2021 financial statements: 
 in thousands 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Audit Fees(1) 757,765 690,000 Audit Related Fees 114,256 24,022 Tax Fees 55,000 Other Fees Total Fees 927,021 714,022 
 
 (1) During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, KPMG LLP billed aggregate non-audit fees of 43,387 and 41,953 related to Barings LLC for services rendered to Barings LLC . 
 Audit Fees. Audit fees include fees for services that normally would be provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements and that generally only the independent accountant can provide. In addition to fees for the audit of the Company s annual financial statements, the audit of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and the review of the Company s quarterly financial statements in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards, this category contains fees for comfort letters, statutory audits, consents, and assistance with and review of documents filed with the SEC. 
 Audit Related Fees . Audit related fees are assurance related services that traditionally are performed by the independent accountant, such as attest services that are not required by statute or regulation. 
 Tax Fees . Tax fees include corporate and subsidiary compliance and consulting. 
 105 

All Other Fees . Fees for other services would include fees for products and services other than the services reported above, including any non-audit fees. 
 Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 
 The Audit Committee has established, and the Board of Directors has approved, a pre-approval policy that describes the permitted audit, audit-related, tax and other services to be provided by the Company s independent registered accounting firm. The policy requires that the Audit Committee pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent registered accounting firm in order to assure that the provision of such service does not impair the firm s independence. 
 Any requests for audit, audit-related, tax and other services that have not received general pre-approval must be submitted to the Audit Committee for specific pre-approval, irrespective of the amount, and cannot commence until such approval has been granted. Normally, pre-approval is provided at regularly scheduled meetings of the Audit Committee. However, the Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members. The member or members to whom such authority is delegated shall report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at a subsequent meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the independent registered accounting firm to management. During 2022 and 2021, 100 of the Company s audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and fees for other services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 106 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 
 (1) Financial Statements 
 Barings Private Credit Corporation Financial Statements: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statemen t s of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statement s of Changes in Net Assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F- 31 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 48 
 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 Schedules that are not listed herein have been omitted because they are not applicable or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) List of Exhibits 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, except as otherwise noted, have been filed with previous reports by the Registrant and are herein incorporated by reference. 
 Number Exhibit 2.1 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2021, by and among the Company, as buyer, and Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and C.M. Life Insurance Company, as sellers (Filed as Exhibit 2.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 3.2 Bylaws of the Registrant (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 4.1 Description of Registrant s securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on For m 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 814-01397), filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 and in corporated herein b y reference). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated November 10, 2021, between the Company and the Adviser (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.2 Sub-Advisory Agreement between the Company, the Adviser and Sub-Adviser (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 107 

Number Exhibit 10.3 Administration Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, between the Company and the Administrator (Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.4 Trademark License Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, between the Company and the Adviser (Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.5 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 814-01397) , filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Officers (Filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.7 Master Custodian Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, by and between the Company and State Street Bank and Trust Company (Filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on May 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.8 Form of Subscription Agreement (Filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 814-01397) , filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.9 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement between the Company and the Adviser (Filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.10 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of May 11, 2021, among BPC Funding LLC as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas as administrative agent, Barings Private Credit LLC as equityholder and as servicer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company as collateral agent (Filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56280) filed with the SEC on June 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.11 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2021, among BPC Funding LLC as borrower, the lenders parties thereto, BNP Paribas as administrative agent, Barings Private Credit Corporation as equityholder and as servicer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company as collateral agent.(Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.12 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated July 29, 2021 (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.13 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2022, among BPC Funding LLC as borrower, the lenders parties thereto, BNP Paribas as administrative agent, Barings Private Credit Corporation as equityholder and as servicer, and State Street Bank and Trust Company as collateral agent. (Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.14 Note Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and the purchasers party thereto, dated May 10, 2022. (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 16, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries 
 31.1 C hief Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 108 

Number Exhibit 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 C hief Executive Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification pursuant to Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 99.1 Form of Fund of Funds Agreement between Registrant (as Acquired Fund) and Certain Stockholder(s) (Filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 814-01397) , filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules 
 See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 109 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: February 23, 2023 
 
 BARINGS PRIVATE CREDIT CORPORATION By: /s/ Ian Fowler Name: Ian Fowler Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 110 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Ian Fowler Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) February 23, 2023 Ian Fowler /s/ Jonathan A. Landsberg President, Chief Financial Officer Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) February 23, 2023 Jonathan A. Landsberg /s/ Elizabeth A. Murray Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 23, 2023 Elizabeth A. Murray /s/ Eric Lloyd Chairman of the Board February 23, 2023 Eric Lloyd /s/ Bernard A. Harris, Jr. Director February 23, 2023 Bernard A. Harris, Jr. /s/ Mark F. Mulhern Director February 23, 2023 Mark F. Mulhern /s/ Thomas W. Okel Director February 23, 2023 Thomas W. Okel /s/ Jill Olmstead Director February 23, 2023 Jill Olmstead 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statement s of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statement s of Changes in Net Assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2021 
 F- 31 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 48 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Barings Private Credit Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Barings Private Credit Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 to December 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Such procedures also included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by correspondence with custodians, portfolio companies or agent banks or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 23, 2023 
 F-1 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Investments at fair value: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (cost of 2,073,049 and 1,282,754 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 2,023,356 1,280,597 Affiliate investments (cost of 114,452 and 113,764 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 134,524 117,051 Total investments at fair value 2,157,880 1,397,648 Cash (restricted cash of 11,003 and 0 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 79,528 117,250 Foreign currencies (cost of 11,777 and 6,198 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 11,913 6,253 Interest and fees receivable 32,959 17,571 Prepaid expenses and other assets 254 290 Derivative assets 3,172 1,643 Deferred financing fees 4,192 4,466 Receivable from unsettled transactions 2,014 3,909 Total assets 2,291,912 1,549,030 Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 1,753 1,039 Interest payable 11,335 3,779 Administrative fees payable 1,053 300 Base management fees payable 6,757 1,489 Incentive management fees payable 3,074 Derivative liabilities 34,389 1,905 Payable from unsettled transactions 35,367 31,693 Borrowings under credit facility 795,284 524,825 Notes payable (net of deferred financing fees) 297,038 149,594 Secured borrowings 18,559 Total liabilities 1,204,609 714,624 Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) Net Assets: Common stock, 0.001 par value per share (499,950,000 shares authorized, 52,900,314 and 40,551,193 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 53 41 Additional paid-in capital 1,076,497 818,723 Total distributable earnings 10,753 15,642 Total net assets 1,087,303 834,406 Total liabilities and net assets 2,291,912 1,549,030 Net asset value per share 20.55 20.58 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-2 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Investment income: Interest income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 122,826 34,287 Affiliate investments 557 132 Short-term investments 1 Total interest income 123,383 34,420 Dividend income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 1,553 Affiliate investments 13,344 5,058 Total dividend income 14,897 5,058 Fee and other income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 13,606 6,865 Affiliate investments 32 25 Total fee and other income 13,638 6,890 Payment-in-kind interest income: Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments 5,652 409 Total payment-in-kind interest income 5,652 409 Interest income from cash 13 Total investment income 157,583 46,777 Operating expenses: Interest and other financing fees 37,867 7,404 Base management fee (Note 2) 11,775 3,665 Incentive management fees (Note 2) 3,074 Other general and administrative expenses (Note 2) 5,528 2,346 Total operating expenses 58,244 13,415 Base management fee waived (Note 2) (1,489) Net operating expenses 58,244 11,926 Net investment income before taxes 99,339 34,851 Income taxes, including excise tax expense 948 471 Net investment income 98,391 34,380 
 F-3 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and foreign currency transactions: Net realized gains (losses): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (12,971) (472) Net realized gains (losses) on investments (12,971) (472) Foreign currency transactions 42,276 4,834 Net realized gains (losses) 29,305 4,362 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation): Non-Control / Non-Affiliate investments (47,760) (2,156) Affiliate investments 16,785 3,287 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (30,975) 1,131 Foreign currency transactions (16,842) 1,771 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (47,817) 2,902 Net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and foreign currency transactions (18,512) 7,264 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 79,879 41,644 Net investment income per share basic and diluted 2.01 1.20 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per share basic and diluted 1.63 1.45 Dividends / distributions per share: Total dividends / distributions per share 1.74 0.81 Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic and diluted 49,024,108 28,722,806 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Total Distributable Earnings (Loss) For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 
 Number of Shares Par Value Total Net Assets Balance, May 10, 2021(1) 50 1 (58) (57) Net investment income 34,380 34,380 Net realized gain on investments / foreign currency transactions 4,362 4,362 Net unrealized appreciation on investments / foreign currency transactions 2,902 2,902 Return of capital and other tax related adjustments (677) 678 1 Issuance of common stock 40,551,193 41 819,400 819,441 Distributions declared from earnings (26,622) (26,622) Repurchase of shares from Adviser (50) (1) (1) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 40,551,193 41 818,723 15,642 834,406 Net investment income 98,391 98,391 Net realized gain on investments / foreign currency transactions 29,305 29,305 Net unrealized depreciation on investments / foreign currency transactions (47,817) (47,817) Return of capital and other tax related adjustments (1,059) 1,059 Dividends/distributions 21,569 451 (85,827) (85,376) Issuance of common stock 12,327,552 12 258,382 258,394 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 52,900,314 53 1,076,497 10,753 1,087,303 
 
 (1) The beginning balance of (56,974) relates to organizational costs and professional fees incurred prior to commencement of operations. 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 79,879 41,644 Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Purchases of portfolio investments (971,500) (968,917) Purchases of portfolio investments from MassMutual (602,371) Repayments received / sales of portfolio investments 170,104 185,797 Purchases of short-term investments (152,000) Sales of short-term investments 152,000 Loan origination and other fees received 20,305 22,421 Net realized (gain) loss on investments 12,971 472 Net realized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions (42,276) (4,834) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 30,975 (1,131) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency transactions 16,842 (1,771) Payment-in-kind interest / dividends (7,050) 409 Amortization of deferred financing fees 1,339 547 Amortization of offering costs 97 177 Accretion of loan origination and other fees (10,543) (5,844) Amortization / accretion of purchased loan premium / discount (321) (5) Payments for derivative contracts (3,972) (289) Proceeds from derivative contracts 42,797 1,744 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest and fees receivables (13,457) (18,579) Prepaid expenses and other assets (61) (355) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 9,586 2,657 Interest payable 7,534 3,780 Net cash used in operating activities (656,751) (1,344,448) Cash flows from financing activities: Borrowings under credit facility 357,707 586,615 Repayments under credit facility (78,321) (56,064) Proceeds from notes payable 155,000 150,000 Proceeds from secured borrowings 18,559 Financing fees paid (1,274) (5,419) Issuance of common stock 258,394 819,441 Cash dividends / distributions paid (85,376) (26,622) Purchase of shares from Adviser (1) Net cash provided by financing activities 624,689 1,467,950 Net increase (decrease) in cash and foreign currencies (32,062) 123,502 Cash and foreign currencies, beginning of period 123,503 1 Cash and foreign currencies, end of period 91,441 123,503 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest 29,390 2,997 Summary of non-cash financing transactions: Excise taxes paid during the period 470 Dividends/distributions paid through DRIP share issuances 451 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments: 1WorldSync, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.75 , 8.8 Cash 05/21 07/25 10,923 10,864 10,923 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 10,923 10,864 10,923 A.T. Holdings II LTD Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 14.3 Cash 11/22 09/29 15,000 15,000 15,000 1.4 (3) (6) 
 15,000 15,000 15,000 Accelerant Holdings Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Class A Convertible Preferred Equity (5,000 shares) N/A 01/22 N/A 5,000 5,403 0.5 (6) (30) 
 Class B Convertible Preferred Equity (1,667 shares) N/A 12/22 N/A 1,667 1,667 0.2 (6) (30) 
 6,667 7,070 Acclime Holdings HK Limited Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.50 , 11.0 Cash 08/21 08/27 2,335 2,270 2,275 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.50 , 9.6 Cash 08/21 07/27 5,165 5,049 5,032 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 7,500 7,319 7,307 Accurus Aerospace Corporation Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.8 Cash 04/22 03/28 13,332 13,152 13,119 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.8 Cash 04/22 03/28 691 673 669 0.1 (6) (7) (9) Common Stock (262,573.98 shares) N/A 04/22 N/A 262 261 (6) (30) 
 14,023 14,087 14,049 Acogroup Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 03/22 10/26 27,407 27,631 25,845 2.4 (3) (6) (7) (13) (31) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 10/26 1,281 1,446 1,208 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 28,688 29,077 27,053 Aesthetics Australia Group Pty Ltd (Laser Clinics Australia Group) Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.75 , 9.1 Cash 05/21 03/25 694 793 687 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 694 793 687 Air Comm Corporation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 06/21 07/27 24,760 24,367 24,466 2.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 24,760 24,367 24,466 AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. Transportation Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.50 , 12.2 Cash 05/21 04/29 7,220 7,083 6,945 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 7,220 7,083 6,945 Amalfi Midco Healthcare Subordinated Loan Notes LIBOR + 2.00 , 6.8 Cash, 9.0 PIK 09/22 09/28 4,784 4,451 4,303 0.4 (3) (6) (9) 
 Class B Common Stock (93,165,208 shares) N/A 09/22 N/A 1,040 1,121 0.1 (3) (6) (30) 
 Warrants (380,385 units) N/A 09/22 N/A 4 426 (3) (6) (30) 
 4,784 5,495 5,850 Amtech LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.6 Cash 11/21 11/27 2,700 2,625 2,645 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.6 Cash 11/21 11/27 91 84 85 (6) (7) (8) 
 2,791 2,709 2,730 
 F-7 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes AnalytiChem Holding GmbH Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.1 Cash 11/21 12/28 1,355 1,424 1,326 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.7 Cash 11/21 11/28 4,973 5,021 4,869 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.7 Cash 11/21 12/28 1,706 1,825 1,670 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.7 Cash 04/22 10/28 7,237 7,238 7,085 0.7 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.8 Cash 11/21 12/28 951 951 931 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.8 Cash 06/22 10/28 1,283 1,283 1,257 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.7 Cash 04/22 10/23 (6) (10) (3) (6) (7) (12) 
 17,505 17,736 17,128 Anju Software, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.25 , 11.6 Cash 05/21 02/25 1,417 1,414 1,165 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 1,417 1,414 1,165 APC1 Holding Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.2 Cash 07/22 07/29 2,101 1,952 2,044 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 2,101 1,952 2,044 Apex Bidco Limited Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.25 , 9.7 Cash 05/21 01/27 407 470 407 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 407 470 407 APOG Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 7.25 , 10.3 Cash 04/22 03/30 1,099 1,191 1,083 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 1,099 1,191 1,083 Aptus 1829. GmbH Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 7.00 , 8.9 Cash 09/21 09/27 5,168 5,556 5,168 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 Preferred Stock (14 shares) N/A 09/21 N/A 122 119 (3)(6) (30) 
 Common Stock (49 shares) N/A 09/21 N/A 12 7 (3)(6) (30) 
 5,168 5,690 5,294 Apus Bidco Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.50 , 7.2 Cash 05/21 03/28 1,144 1,310 1,104 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 1,144 1,310 1,104 AQA Acquisition Holding Inc High Tech Industries Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.50 , 12.2 Cash 05/21 03/29 7,460 7,286 7,140 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,460 7,286 7,140 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.00 , 8.9 Cash 12/21 12/24 117 81 92 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.00 , 8.9 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,488 2,692 2,440 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 10.5 PIK 12/21 12/28 697 750 684 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (22) 
 3,302 3,523 3,216 Arc Education Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 07/22 07/29 6,147 5,587 5,938 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 6,147 5,587 5,938 Archimede Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.5 Cash 05/21 10/27 14,408 14,234 14,104 1.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 14,408 14,234 14,104 
 F-8 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Argus Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 07/22 07/29 616 566 600 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 08/22 07/29 1,903 1,823 1,856 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 09/22 07/29 654 615 638 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR+ 5.75 , 10.3 Cash 07/22 07/29 259 252 253 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.75 , 9.2 Cash 07/22 07/29 3,197 3,028 3,072 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 10.5 PIK 07/22 07/29 999 958 973 0.1 (3) (6) 
 Preferred Stock (83,120 shares) 10.0 PIK 07/22 N/A 103 100 (3) (6) 
 Equity Loan Notes (83,120 units) 10.0 PIK 07/22 N/A 103 100 (3) (6) 
 Common Stock (929 shares) N/A 07/22 N/A 1 (3) (6) (30) 
 7,628 7,449 7,592 Armstrong Transport Group (Pele Buyer, LLC) Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.7 Cash 10/22 06/24 5,960 5,842 5,826 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.2 Cash 05/21 06/24 4,040 3,996 3,949 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 10,000 9,838 9,775 ASC Communications, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.3 Cash 07/22 07/27 12,631 12,434 12,434 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Class A Units (15,285.8 units) N/A 07/22 N/A 320 369 (6) (30) 
 12,631 12,754 12,803 ASPEQ Heating Group LLC Building Products, Air Heating First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.25 , 9.0 Cash 05/21 11/25 1,602 1,593 1,602 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,602 1,593 1,602 Astra Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.00 , 9.4 Cash 11/21 11/28 2,382 2,553 2,289 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 2,382 2,553 2,289 ATL II MRO Holdings Inc. Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 11/22 11/28 12,500 12,194 12,188 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 11/22 11/28 (61) (63) (6) (7) (19) 
 12,500 12,133 12,125 Audio Precision, Inc. High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.2 Cash 05/21 10/24 2,678 3,008 2,665 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 05/21 10/24 4,944 4,909 4,919 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,622 7,917 7,584 Auxi International Commercial Finance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.1 Cash 05/21 12/26 320 358 280 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 320 358 280 Avalign Holdings, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.50 , 9.1 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,795 1,792 1,695 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 1,795 1,792 1,695 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 4.50 , 7.7 Cash 11/21 11/27 2,792 2,820 2,680 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 2,792 2,820 2,680 AWP Group Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,472 1,456 1,443 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,472 1,456 1,443 
 F-9 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Azalea Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 11/21 11/27 4,560 4,467 4,489 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 11/21 11/27 (8) (6) (6) (7) (9) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 12.0 PIK 11/21 05/28 1,431 1,409 1,403 0.1 (6) 
 Common Stock (192,307.7 shares) N/A 11/21 N/A 192 183 (6) (30) 
 5,991 6,060 6,069 Bariacum S.A Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 6.7 Cash 11/21 11/28 2,775 2,856 2,711 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 2,775 2,856 2,711 Benify (Bennevis AB) High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan STIBOR + 5.25 , 7.9 Cash 05/21 07/26 341 423 341 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 341 423 341 Bestop, Inc. Auto Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 05/21 01/25 3,575 3,570 3,203 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 3,575 3,570 3,203 Beyond Risk Management, Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 8.9 Cash 10/21 10/27 2,551 2,499 2,493 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 2,551 2,499 2,493 Bidwax Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 8.6 Cash 05/21 02/28 4,909 5,322 4,767 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,909 5,322 4,767 BigHand UK Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.8 Cash 05/21 01/28 322 317 316 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.50 , 9.0 Cash 05/21 01/28 376 430 369 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 698 747 685 Biolam Group Consumer Non-cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.2 Cash 12/22 11/29 3,157 2,956 2,939 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 3,157 2,956 2,939 Bounteous, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 08/21 08/27 3,734 3,631 3,458 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 9.6 Cash 08/21 08/27 4,647 4,573 4,345 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 8,381 8,204 7,803 Bridger Aerospace Group Holdings, LLC Environmental Industries Municipal Revenue Bond 11.5 Cash 07/22 09/27 32,980 32,980 34,314 3.2 Preferred Stock- Series C (17,725 shares) 7.0 PIK 07/22 N/A 17,533 17,861 1.6 (6) 
 32,980 50,513 52,175 Brightline Trains Florida LLC Transportation Senior Secured Note 8.0 Cash 08/21 01/28 8,000 8,000 6,960 0.6 (6) 
 8,000 8,000 6,960 Brightpay Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.00 , 6.5 Cash 10/21 10/28 3,078 3,205 3,009 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 3,078 3,205 3,009 BrightSign LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 10/21 10/27 10,580 10,492 10,482 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 10/21 10/27 (9) (10) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (923,857.7 units) N/A 10/21 N/A 924 961 0.1 (6) (30) 
 10,580 11,407 11,433 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 7.00 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 12/27 7,059 7,574 6,881 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 7,059 7,574 6,881 
 F-10 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Bucharest Bidco Limited Hotel, Gaming Leisure First Lien Senior Secured GBP Term Loan SONIA + 7.00 , 10.2 Cash 05/21 07/26 791 816 695 0.1 (3) (6) (22) 
 First Lien Senior Secured USD Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 12.1 Cash 05/21 07/26 175 156 154 (3) (6) (10) 
 966 972 849 Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation Auto Parts Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 9.00 , 13.3 Cash 07/22 07/30 4,545 4,371 4,390 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 LP Units (455 units) N/A 07/22 N/A 455 446 (6) (30) 
 4,545 4,826 4,836 BVI Medical, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 9.50 , 11.6 Cash 06/22 06/26 5,885 5,589 5,644 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 5,885 5,589 5,644 CAi Software, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 10.2 Cash 07/22 12/28 1,377 1,351 1,341 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 11.0 Cash 12/21 12/28 8,989 8,831 8,755 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.25 , 11.0 Cash 12/21 12/28 (16) (24) (6) (7) (9) 
 10,366 10,166 10,072 Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + 7.00 , 11.9 Cash 06/21 03/26 4,109 4,562 3,876 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (25) 
 Class A Equity (500,000 units) N/A 05/22 N/A 389 292 (3) (6) (30) 
 Class C - Warrants (74,712.64 units) N/A 05/22 N/A (3) (6) (30) 
 4,109 4,951 4,168 Caribou Holding Company, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 7.64 , 12.5 Cash 04/22 04/27 3,907 3,855 3,862 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 LLC Units (616,844 units) N/A 04/22 N/A 617 567 0.1 (3) (6) (30) 
 3,907 4,472 4,429 Carlson Travel, Inc Business Travel Management Common Stock (125,349 shares) N/A 06/22 N/A 2,538 765 0.1 (5) (30) 
 2,538 765 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.1 Cash 05/21 04/27 252 223 238 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.6 Cash 05/21 04/27 189 200 183 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 441 423 421 Ceres Pharma NV Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.1 Cash 10/21 10/28 4,520 4,616 4,294 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,520 4,616 4,294 CGI Parent, LLC Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 8.8 Cash 02/22 02/28 17,662 17,354 17,133 1.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.75 , 9.3 Cash 12/22 02/28 2,134 2,069 2,069 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.50 , 8.8 Cash 02/22 02/28 (29) (50) (6) (7) (8) 
 Preferred Stock (551 shares) N/A 02/22 N/A 551 1,027 0.1 (6) (7) (30) 
 19,796 19,945 20,179 Chambers Global Holdings Limited Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.50 , 8.9 Cash 05/21 01/26 1,150 1,332 1,132 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 1,150 1,332 1,132 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC) Auto Collision Repair Centers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 01/26 18,529 18,180 18,245 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 04/26 1,065 1,047 1,050 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 19,594 19,227 19,295 
 F-11 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes CM Acquisition Holding Inc. Internet Direct Marketing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.0 Cash 05/21 05/25 10,813 10,786 10,326 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 10,813 10,786 10,326 Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC Other Financial Subordinated Term Loan 8.0 Cash 11/21 11/31 8,310 7,754 7,764 0.7 (6) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 10.0 PIK 11/21 11/31 3,230 3,027 3,018 0.3 (6) 
 LLC Units (1,018,869 units) N/A 11/21 N/A 4,547 5,364 0.5 (6) (30) 
 11,540 15,328 16,146 Cobham Slip Rings SAS Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 11.0 Cash 11/21 11/28 3,091 3,027 3,011 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,091 3,027 3,011 Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC) Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 7.75 , 12.1 Cash 05/21 04/27 11,760 11,571 11,537 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 11,760 11,571 11,537 Compass Precision, LLC Aerospace Defense Senior Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 Cash, 1.0 PIK 04/22 04/28 378 371 369 (5) (6) 
 LLC Units (46,085.6 units) N/A 04/22 N/A 125 159 (6) (30) 
 378 496 528 Comply365, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 10.6 Cash 04/22 04/28 7,133 7,004 7,024 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.75 , 10.6 Cash 04/22 04/28 86 76 77 (6) (7) (19) 
 7,219 7,080 7,101 Contabo Finco S. .R.L. Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.6 Cash 10/22 10/29 10,329 9,402 10,071 0.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 10,329 9,402 10,071 Core Scientific, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 13.0 Cash 03/22 03/25 16,798 16,784 6,299 0.6 (6) (32) 
 Common Stock (51,846 shares) N/A 09/22 N/A 168 4 (30) 
 16,798 16,952 6,303 Cosmelux International Commodity Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.8 Cash 05/21 07/24 967 1,086 967 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 967 1,086 967 Coyo Uprising GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 3.25 , 3.3 Cash, 3.5 PIK 09/21 09/28 9,845 10,490 9,544 0.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Class A Units (531 units) N/A 09/21 N/A 248 237 (3) (6) (30) 
 Class B Units (231 units) N/A 09/21 N/A 538 601 0.1 (3) (6) (30) 
 9,845 11,276 10,382 CVL 3 Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.6 Cash 12/21 12/28 4,056 4,195 3,983 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,480 2,426 2,436 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 6,536 6,621 6,419 CW Group Holdings, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 05/21 01/27 4,087 4,018 4,054 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 4,087 4,018 4,054 DataServ Integrations, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.3 Cash 11/22 11/28 1,918 1,866 1,864 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Units (93,153.8 units) N/A 11/22 N/A 96 96 (6) (30) 
 1,918 1,962 1,960 
 F-12 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes DecksDirect, LLC Building Materials First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 12/21 12/26 700 688 690 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 12/21 12/26 (3) (3) (6) (7) (8) 
 Common Stock (1,280.8 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 54 48 (6) (30) 
 700 739 735 Direct Travel, Inc. Lodging Casinos First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 8.50 , 13.0 Cash 05/21 10/23 5,944 5,422 5,923 0.5 (6) (7) (18) 
 Super Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 05/21 10/23 366 366 366 (6) (7) (18) 
 6,310 5,788 6,289 DISA Holdings Corp. Other Industrial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.8 Cash 11/22 09/28 5,704 5,496 5,491 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.50 , 9.8 Cash 11/22 09/28 13 (6) (7) (17) 
 5,717 5,496 5,491 Dragon Bidco Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 8.1 Cash 05/21 04/28 534 591 524 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 8.9 Cash 05/21 04/28 747 744 733 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,281 1,335 1,257 DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.2 Cash 05/21 03/27 853 944 845 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 853 944 845 Dune Group Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 09/21 09/28 299 274 269 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 09/21 09/28 4,825 4,753 4,743 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,124 5,027 5,012 Dunlipharder B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 10.7 Cash 06/22 06/28 1,000 986 988 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 1,000 986 988 Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 07/21 07/27 25,440 24,922 24,941 2.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 25,440 24,922 24,941 Echo Global Logistics, Inc. Air Transportation Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 11.7 Cash 11/21 11/29 16,433 16,175 15,792 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Equity (448.2 units) N/A 11/21 N/A 448 787 0.1 (6) (30) 
 16,433 16,623 16,579 Ellkay, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 11.0 Cash 09/21 09/27 5,771 5,676 5,705 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,771 5,676 5,705 EMI Porta Holdco LLC Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 19,323 18,860 18,532 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 1,281 1,239 1,208 0.1 (6) (7) (9) 
 20,604 20,099 19,740 Entact Environmental Services, Inc. Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 11.7 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,808 1,796 1,803 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,808 1,796 1,803 EPS NASS Parent, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 05/21 04/28 2,177 2,141 2,157 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,177 2,141 2,157 ERES Group Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.00 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 07/26 267 302 267 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 267 302 267 
 F-13 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes eShipping, LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.4 Cash 11/21 11/27 4,677 4,578 4,641 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.4 Cash 11/21 11/27 (12) (4) (6) (7) (8) 
 4,677 4,566 4,637 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 8.9 Cash 12/22 12/29 1,480 1,338 1,352 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.75 , 11.5 Cash 12/22 12/29 766 745 745 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.75 , 10.0 Cash 12/22 12/29 2,171 2,158 2,112 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 11.5 PIK 12/22 12/30 528 507 513 (3) (6) 
 4,945 4,748 4,722 Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.3 Cash 03/22 03/28 1,737 1,853 1,573 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 1,737 1,853 1,573 Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 10.3 Cash 07/22 07/28 7,182 7,048 7,061 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.50 , 10.3 Cash 07/22 07/28 140 135 136 (6) (7) (17) 
 7,322 7,183 7,197 F24 (Stairway BidCo Gmbh) Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.1 Cash 05/21 08/27 386 432 384 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 386 432 384 Findex Group Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.00 , 8.0 Cash 05/21 05/24 789 900 789 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (14) 
 789 900 789 Fineline Technologies, Inc. Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 02/28 3,453 3,399 3,394 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,453 3,399 3,394 Finexvet Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.1 Cash 03/22 03/29 2,401 2,387 2,329 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 2,401 2,387 2,329 FinThrive Software Intermediate Holdings Inc. Business Equipment Services Preferred Stock (3,188.51 shares) 11.0 PIK 03/22 N/A 3,823 2,947 0.3 (5) (6) 
 3,823 2,947 FitzMark Buyer, LLC Cargo Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 8.9 Cash 05/21 12/26 4,267 4,210 4,209 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,267 4,210 4,209 Five Star Holding LLC Packaging Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 7.25 , 12.0 Cash 05/22 05/30 7,152 7,018 6,945 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 LLC Units (505.1 units) N/A 05/22 N/A 505 502 0.1 (6) (30) 
 7,152 7,523 7,447 Flavor Producers, LLC. Packaged Foods Meats First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.4 Cash, 1.8 PIK 05/21 12/24 889 874 843 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 889 874 843 Flexential Issuer, LLC Information Technology Structured Secured Note - Class C 6.9 Cash 11/21 11/51 10,000 9,274 8,642 0.8 10,000 9,274 8,642 Flywheel Re Segregated Portfolio 2022-4 Investment Funds Preferred Stock (3,202,747 shares) N/A 08/22 N/A 3,203 3,219 0.3 (3) (6) (30) 
 3,203 3,219 Footco 40 Limited Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.75 , 9.2 Cash 04/22 04/29 1,489 1,559 1,437 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 1,489 1,559 1,437 
 F-14 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Fortis Payment Systems, LLC Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.25 , 9.9 Cash 10/22 02/26 1,575 1,516 1,513 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 1,575 1,516 1,513 FragilePak LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 05/21 05/27 9,158 8,868 9,158 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (929.7 units) N/A 05/21 N/A 930 1,169 0.1 (6) (30) 
 9,158 9,798 10,327 Front Line Power Construction LLC Construction Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 12.50 , 17.2 Cash 11/21 11/28 1,366 1,277 1,522 0.1 (6) (7) (9) 
 Common Stock (60,001 shares) N/A 11/21 N/A 100 49 (30) 
 1,366 1,377 1,571 FSS Buyer LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 08/21 08/28 24,533 24,121 24,260 2.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 LP Interest (2,902.3 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 29 43 (6) (30) 
 LP Units (12,760.8 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 128 187 (6) (30) 
 24,533 24,278 24,490 GB Eagle Buyer, Inc. Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 10.5 Cash 12/22 11/28 20,968 20,345 20,339 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.50 , 10.5 Cash 12/22 11/28 (95) (97) (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Units (859 units) N/A 12/22 N/A 859 859 0.1 (6) (30) 
 20,968 21,109 21,101 Glacis Acquisition S.A.R.L. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 7.7 Cash 05/21 07/23 3,907 4,012 3,907 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 3,907 4,012 3,907 Global Academic Group Limited Industrial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.1 Cash 07/22 07/27 2,502 2,502 2,438 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BKBM + 6.00 , 9.1 Cash 07/22 07/27 4,365 4,202 4,242 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (26) 
 6,867 6,704 6,680 GPZN II GmbH Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.4 Cash 06/22 06/29 458 429 375 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 458 429 375 Graphpad Software, LLC Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 11/21 04/27 16,170 16,016 15,701 1.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 05/21 04/27 10,962 10,962 10,786 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 27,132 26,978 26,487 Greenhill II BV Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.1 Cash 07/22 07/29 739 672 716 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 739 672 716 Groupe Product Life Consumer Non-cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.5 Cash 10/22 10/29 1,561 1,382 1,495 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 1,561 1,382 1,495 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd Consumer Non-cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.50 , 10.2 Cash 10/22 10/28 2,208 2,016 2,135 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 2,208 2,016 2,135 Healthe Care Specialty Pty Ltd Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.00 , 8.6 Cash 05/21 10/24 998 1,122 976 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 998 1,122 976 HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 8.6 Cash 09/22 09/28 626 569 598 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 626 569 598 
 F-15 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC Healthcare Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 PIK 11/21 11/23 659 643 638 0.1 (6) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 PIK 11/21 12/28 5,222 5,117 5,086 0.5 (6) 
 5,881 5,760 5,724 Heartland, LLC Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 08/25 6,714 6,632 6,630 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,714 6,632 6,630 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 9.9 Cash 11/21 11/27 22,807 22,423 22,522 2.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 9.9 Cash 11/21 11/27 (36) (27) (6) (7) (8) 
 22,807 22,387 22,495 Heilbron (f/k/a Sucsez (Bolt Bidco B.V.)) Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.00 , 6.9 Cash 05/21 09/26 8,845 9,691 8,615 0.8 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 8,845 9,691 8,615 HEKA Invest Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 8.7 Cash 10/22 10/29 9,998 8,922 9,692 0.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 9,998 8,922 9,692 HemaSource, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 07/23 7,736 7,716 7,705 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,736 7,716 7,705 Home Care Assistance, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.4 Cash 05/21 03/27 1,547 1,524 1,478 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 1,547 1,524 1,478 Honour Lane Logistics Holdings Limited Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.25 , 9.5 Cash 04/22 11/28 17,500 17,023 17,093 1.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 17,500 17,023 17,093 HTI Technology Industries Electronic Component Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 8.50 , 11.7 Cash 07/22 07/25 9,541 9,395 9,397 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 8.50 , 11.7 Cash 07/22 07/25 (14) (15) (6) (7) (18) 
 9,541 9,381 9,382 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC) Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 12/24 6,760 6,722 6,658 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 12/24 6,958 6,864 6,867 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 13,718 13,586 13,525 Hygie 31 Holding Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.4 Cash 09/22 09/29 640 562 624 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 640 562 624 IM Square Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.0 Cash 12/22 05/28 3,415 3,270 3,321 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.5 Cash 05/21 04/28 4,482 4,873 4,339 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 7,897 8,143 7,660 Image International Intermediate Holdco II, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 07/23 24,783 24,657 24,605 2.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 24,783 24,657 24,605 Infoniqa Holdings GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 6.2 Cash 11/21 11/28 4,022 4,162 3,913 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,022 4,162 3,913 Innovad Group II BV Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 04/28 1,001 1,095 870 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,001 1,095 870 INOS 19-090 GmbH Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.40 , 7.4 Cash 05/21 12/27 436 721 647 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 436 721 647 
 F-16 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Interstellar Group B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.5 Cash 08/22 02/29 127 120 123 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.5 Cash 08/22 08/29 2,442 2,262 2,354 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 2,569 2,382 2,477 Ipsen International Holding GmbH Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 7.4 Cash, 0.5 PIK 05/21 08/24 1,140 1,191 1,113 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,140 1,191 1,113 Iridium Bidco Limited Radio Television First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.00 , 8.4 Cash 05/21 04/24 4,591 5,063 4,557 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 4,591 5,063 4,557 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM) Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.50 , 8.1 Cash 10/22 10/29 9,165 8,020 8,754 0.8 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 9,165 8,020 8,754 ITI Intermodal, Inc. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.1 Cash 12/21 12/27 714 700 703 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.1 Cash 12/21 12/27 6 4 5 (6) (7) (8) 
 Common Stock (1,433.37 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 144 127 (6) (30) 
 720 848 835 Jade Bidco Limited (Jane s) Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.9 Cash 05/21 02/29 3,527 3,551 3,463 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 02/29 21,245 20,783 20,860 1.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 24,772 24,334 24,323 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.5 Cash 12/21 09/24 7,652 7,571 7,617 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.00 , 9.5 Cash 12/21 09/24 (4) (2) (6) (7) (18) 
 7,652 7,567 7,615 Jon Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BKBM + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 03/22 03/27 3,951 4,230 3,855 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (26) 
 3,951 4,230 3,855 Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.2 Cash 02/22 02/28 2,785 2,736 2,745 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.2 Cash 02/22 02/28 (7) (6) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (974.68 units) N/A 02/22 N/A 97 115 (6) (30) 
 2,785 2,826 2,854 Kano Laboratories LLC Chemicals, Plastics Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 11/26 2,863 2,826 2,808 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 2,863 2,826 2,808 Kid Distro Holdings, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 10/21 10/27 23,637 23,247 23,361 2.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (1,062,795.2 units) N/A 10/21 N/A 1,064 962 0.1 (6) (30) 
 23,637 24,311 24,323 Kona Buyer, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.75 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 12/27 14,728 14,510 14,486 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 14,728 14,510 14,486 KSLB Holdings, LLC Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 9.2 Cash 05/21 07/25 5,979 5,747 5,447 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,979 5,747 5,447 Lambir Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,183 2,222 2,039 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 12.0 PIK 12/21 06/29 694 711 653 0.1 (3) (6) 
 2,877 2,933 2,692 
 F-17 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.25 , 8.3 Cash 05/22 05/29 667 645 633 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.25 , 9.8 Cash 05/22 11/28 35 34 34 (3) (6) (7) (18) 
 702 679 667 LeadsOnline, LLC Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 02/22 02/28 12,918 12,720 12,759 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 02/22 02/28 (29) (24) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (39,370.1 units) N/A 02/22 N/A 39 49 (6) (30) 
 12,918 12,730 12,784 Liberty Steel Holdings USA Inc. Industrial Other Revolver SOFR + 4.50 , 8.8 Cash 04/22 04/25 7,500 7,443 7,442 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 7,500 7,443 7,442 Life Extension Institute, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 02/24 7,007 7,007 7,007 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 7,007 7,007 7,007 Listrac Bidco Limited Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.25 , 9.6 Cash 05/21 02/23 1,887 1,879 1,406 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (22) 
 Revolver SONIA + 6.25 , 9.6 Cash 05/21 02/23 61 62 45 (3) (6) (7) (22) 
 1,948 1,941 1,451 LivTech Purchaser, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,527 1,513 1,482 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,527 1,513 1,482 Loftware, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 05/21 12/25 21,255 21,118 19,915 1.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 21,255 21,118 19,915 Long Term Care Group, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.3 Cash 04/22 09/27 4,200 4,125 4,083 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 4,200 4,125 4,083 Marmoutier Holding B.V. Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.8 Cash 12/21 12/24 356 330 341 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.8 Cash 12/21 12/28 1,825 1,889 1,752 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.00 , 7.8 Cash 12/21 6/27 46 42 40 (3) (6) (7) (12) 
 2,227 2,261 2,133 Marshall Excelsior Co. Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.8 Cash 02/22 02/28 5,718 5,635 5,639 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver Prime + 4.50 , 11.5 Cash 02/22 02/28 647 634 636 0.1 (6) (7) (29) 
 6,365 6,269 6,275 MC Group Ventures Corporation Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 07/21 06/27 6,588 6,470 6,513 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Partnership Units (560 Units) N/A 06/21 N/A 560 585 0.1 (6) (30) 
 6,588 7,030 7,098 Media Recovery, Inc. (SpotSee) Containers, Packaging Glass First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.00 , 9.4 Cash 05/21 11/25 840 971 840 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (20) 
 840 971 840 Median B.V. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.00 , 9.4 Cash 02/22 10/27 5,954 6,514 4,950 0.5 (3) (5) (7) (21) 
 5,954 6,514 4,950 Medical Solutions Parent Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 11.4 Cash 11/21 11/29 4,421 4,382 4,067 0.4 (5) (7) (8) 
 4,421 4,382 4,067 Medplast Holdings, Inc. Health Care Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.75 , 12.1 Cash 05/21 07/26 9,325 8,718 7,915 0.7 (5) (7) (8) 
 9,325 8,718 7,915 
 F-18 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Mercell Holding AS Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan NIBOR + 6.00 , 9.1 Cash 08/22 08/29 3,188 3,126 3,102 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (28) 
 Class A Units (114.4 units) N/A 08/22 N/A 111 116 (3) (6) (30) 
 Class B Units (28,943.8 units) N/A 08/22 N/A (3) (6) (30) 
 3,188 3,237 3,218 Mertus 522. GmbH Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 05/26 3,827 3,916 3,368 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 3,827 3,916 3,368 Metis BidCo Pty Limited Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 04/26 387 439 387 (3) (5) (6) (15) 
 387 439 387 MNS Buyer, Inc. Construction Building First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 08/21 08/27 912 897 835 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Partnership Units (76.92 Units) N/A 08/21 N/A 77 54 (6) (30) 
 912 974 889 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.25 , 9.1 Cash 05/21 12/26 784 858 768 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 784 858 768 Mold-Rite Plastics, LLC Containers, Packaging Glass Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 11.2 Cash 09/21 09/29 13,983 12,725 10,487 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 13,983 12,725 10,487 Murphy Midco Limited Media, Diversified Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.00 , 8.2 Cash 05/21 11/27 611 690 603 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 611 690 603 Music Reports, Inc. Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.8 Cash 05/21 08/26 2,441 2,411 2,403 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 2,441 2,411 2,403 Napa Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.6 Cash 03/22 03/28 13,303 13,767 11,960 1.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 13,303 13,767 11,960 Narda Acquisitionco., Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/27 4,557 4,489 4,119 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/27 106 91 4 (6) (7) (9) 
 Class A Preferred Stock (3708.01 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 371 242 (6) (30) 
 Class B Common Stock (412 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 41 (6) (30) 
 4,663 4,992 4,365 Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 9.6 Cash 05/21 02/27 4,574 4,519 4,497 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.25 , 9.6 Cash 11/22 02/27 2,032 1,983 1,982 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 6,606 6,502 6,479 NeoxCo Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 9.2 Cash 05/21 05/25 241 268 241 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 12.5 PIK 05/21 08/25 42 46 42 (3) (6) 
 283 314 283 Net Health Acquisition Corp. Health Care Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 12/25 3,609 3,581 3,581 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 12/25 7,363 7,303 7,305 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 10,972 10,884 10,886 
 F-19 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Nexus Underwriting Management Limited Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.25 , 7.4 Cash 10/21 10/28 3,853 4,206 3,770 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 Revolver SONIA + 5.25 , 7.4 Cash 10/21 04/23 146 161 146 (3) (6) (7) (22) 
 3,999 4,367 3,916 Northstar Recycling, LLC Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 10/21 09/27 6,128 6,028 6,056 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,128 6,028 6,056 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 8.8 Cash 01/22 01/28 3,909 4,107 3,815 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 9.6 Cash 01/22 01/28 4,177 4,077 4,053 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 8,086 8,184 7,868 NPM Investments 28 B.V. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.5 Cash 09/22 10/29 4,287 3,808 4,167 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 4,287 3,808 4,167 OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 12/21 12/28 9,568 9,398 9,419 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 12/21 12/28 (23) (21) (6) (7) (8) 
 Partnership Units (210,920.11 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 211 226 (6) (30) 
 9,568 9,586 9,624 OAC Holdings I Corp Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 10.0 Cash 03/22 03/29 3,621 3,556 3,567 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.00 , 10.0 Cash 03/22 03/28 763 739 743 0.1 (6) (7) (19) 
 4,384 4,295 4,310 OG III B.V. Containers Glass Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.9 Cash 06/21 06/28 14,280 15,517 13,967 1.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 14,280 15,517 13,967 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 05/21 12/26 16,708 16,501 16,375 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 06/22 12/26 4,798 4,692 4,702 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 21,506 21,193 21,077 Options Technology Ltd. Computer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.0 Cash 05/21 12/25 8,530 8,404 8,361 0.8 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 8,530 8,404 8,361 Oracle Vision Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 4.75 , 7.7 Cash 06/21 05/28 1,334 1,527 1,334 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 1,334 1,527 1,334 Origin Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 7.7 Cash 06/21 06/28 354 395 342 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 06/21 06/28 597 584 577 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 951 979 919 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/27 2,258 2,219 2,190 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.5 Cash 12/22 12/27 2,274 2,206 2,206 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/27 (3) (6) (6) (7) (9) 
 LP Units (60,040 units) N/A 07/22 N/A 208 221 (6) (30) 
 4,532 4,630 4,611 Panoche Energy Center LLC Electric First Lien Senior Secured Bond 6.9 Cash 07/22 07/29 4,924 4,430 4,628 0.4 (6) 
 4,924 4,430 4,628 Panther Bidco Pty Ltd (Junior Adventures Group) Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.4 Cash 05/21 06/24 656 745 628 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (16) 
 656 745 628 
 F-20 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE) Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.1 Cash, 0.75 PIK 05/21 12/26 527 591 511 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 9.6 Cash 11/22 10/26 4,900 4,705 4,690 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 5,427 5,296 5,201 Patriot New Midco 1 Limited (Forensic Risk Alliance) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 02/27 378 424 360 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.75 , 11.4 Cash 05/21 02/27 443 439 421 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 821 863 781 PDQ.Com Corporation Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.4 Cash 08/21 08/27 16,981 16,670 16,738 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Class A-2 Partnership Units (86.4 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 86 124 (6) (30) 
 16,981 16,756 16,862 PEGASUS TRANSTECH HOLDING, LLC Trucking First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.75 , 11.1 Cash 05/21 11/24 9,981 9,951 9,622 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 9,981 9,951 9,622 Perforce Software, Inc. Internet Software Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.00 , 12.4 Cash 05/21 07/27 6,497 6,434 6,348 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 6,497 6,434 6,348 Perimeter Master Note Business Trust Credit Card ABS Structured Secured Note - Class A 4.7 Cash 05/22 05/27 182 182 165 (3) (6) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class B 5.4 Cash 05/22 05/27 182 182 162 (3) (6) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class C 5.9 Cash 05/22 05/27 182 182 157 (3) (6) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class D 8.5 Cash 05/22 05/27 181 181 158 (3) (6) 
 Structured Secured Note - Class E 11.4 Cash 05/22 05/27 9,273 9,273 8,154 0.7 (3) (6) 
 10,000 10,000 8,796 Permaconn BidCo Pty Ltd Tele- communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.00 , 9.1 Cash 12/21 12/27 7,569 7,805 7,430 0.7 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 7,569 7,805 7,430 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C. Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.6 Cash 12/21 12/27 4,200 4,129 4,132 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.75 , 9.2 Cash 06/22 12/27 2,577 2,530 2,535 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.6 Cash 12/21 12/27 (16) (15) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (7,408.6 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 741 823 0.1 (6) (30) 
 6,777 7,384 7,475 Policy Services Company, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 8.8 Cash, 4.0 PIK 12/21 06/26 51,948 50,457 50,748 4.7 (6) (7) (9) 
 Warrants - Class A (2.6774 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 459 (5) (6) (30) 
 Warrants - Class B (0.9036 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 155 (5) (6) (30) 
 Warrants - Class CC (0.0929 units) N/A 12/21 N/A (5) (6) (30) 
 Warrants - Class D (0.2586 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 44 (5) (6) (30) 
 51,948 50,457 51,406 Premium Franchise Brands, LLC Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 12/26 24,659 24,294 24,337 2.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 24,659 24,294 24,337 Premium Invest Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.5 Cash 06/21 06/28 4,482 4,716 4,482 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,482 4,716 4,482 
 F-21 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Preqin MC Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 8.6 Cash 08/21 07/28 2,500 2,437 2,438 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 2,500 2,437 2,438 Professional Datasolutions, Inc. (PDI) Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 8.7 Cash 05/21 10/24 11,759 11,722 11,300 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 11,759 11,722 11,300 ProfitOptics, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 9.6 Cash 03/22 03/28 659 648 650 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 9.6 Cash 03/22 03/28 (3) (3) (6) (7) (10) 
 Second Lien Senior Subordinated Term Loan 8.0 Cash 03/22 03/29 32 32 30 (6) 
 LLC Units (96,774.2 units) N/A 03/22 N/A 65 69 (6) (30) 
 691 742 746 Protego Bidco B.V. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 7.7 Cash 05/21 03/28 468 509 439 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.1 Cash 05/21 03/27 127 139 123 (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 595 648 562 PSP Intermediate 4, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.3 Cash 05/22 05/29 872 825 829 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 10.0 Cash 05/22 05/29 866 844 842 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,738 1,669 1,671 QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.50 , 8.6 Cash 09/21 09/26 4,711 4,843 4,521 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 4,711 4,843 4,521 Questel Unite Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,887 1,995 1,754 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 11.0 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,000 989 971 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,887 2,984 2,725 R1 Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.25 , 10.8 Cash 12/22 12/28 10,304 9,873 9,873 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.25 , 10.8 Cash 12/22 12/28 472 403 403 (6) (7) (18) 
 10,776 10,276 10,276 Randys Holdings, Inc. Automobile Manufacturers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 10.6 Cash 11/22 10/28 16,547 15,909 15,885 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.50 , 10.6 Cash 11/22 10/28 367 299 297 (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Units (6,667 units) N/A 11/22 N/A 667 667 0.1 (6) (30) 
 16,914 16,875 16,849 Recovery Point Systems, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.50 , 10.3 Cash 05/21 07/26 2,429 2,429 2,400 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,429 2,429 2,400 Renaissance Holding Corp. Application Software Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 11.4 Cash 05/21 05/26 9,325 9,306 8,622 0.8 (5) (7) (8) 
 9,325 9,306 8,622 Renovation Parent Holdings, LLC Home Furnishings First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.1 Cash 11/21 11/27 14,417 14,117 13,668 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Equity (592,105.3 units) N/A 11/21 N/A 592 456 (6) (30) 
 14,417 14,709 14,124 
 F-22 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes REP SEKO MERGER SUB LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 4.75 , 6.6 Cash 05/21 12/26 5,866 6,293 5,793 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 4.75 , 6.6 Cash 06/22 12/26 13,780 13,331 13,608 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 12/26 7,858 7,841 7,754 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 27,504 27,465 27,155 Resonetics, LLC Health Care Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.00 , 11.7 Cash 05/21 04/29 10,304 10,126 10,088 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 10,304 10,126 10,088 RevSpring, Inc. Business Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.25 , 13.0 Cash 05/21 10/26 2,556 2,516 2,556 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,556 2,516 2,556 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd Precious Metals Minerals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.25 , 8.4 Cash 08/21 06/28 12,084 13,594 11,897 1.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 12,084 13,594 11,897 Riedel Beheer B.V. Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 8.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,213 2,248 2,162 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 2,213 2,248 2,162 ROI Solutions LLC Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.2 Cash 05/21 08/24 8,466 8,466 8,466 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,466 8,466 8,466 Royal Buyer, LLC Industrial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 08/22 08/28 14,725 14,388 14,411 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.00 , 10.4 Cash 08/22 08/28 544 499 502 (6) (7) (18) 
 15,269 14,887 14,913 RPX Corporation Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 10/25 17,082 16,867 16,740 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 17,082 16,867 16,740 Safety Products Holdings, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 11.2 Cash 05/21 12/26 5,377 5,296 5,306 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 11.2 Cash 05/21 09/23 159 135 121 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,536 5,431 5,427 Sandvine Corporation Communications Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.00 , 12.4 Cash 05/21 11/26 8,685 8,660 8,546 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 8,685 8,660 8,546 Sanoptis S.A.R.L. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 8.2 Cash 06/22 07/29 11,066 10,330 10,610 1.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SARON + 5.50 , 5.9 Cash 06/22 07/29 3,996 3,757 3,886 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (27) 
 15,062 14,087 14,496 Scaled Agile, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/28 1,735 1,701 1,716 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 12/21 12/28 (6) (3) (6) (7) (18) 
 1,735 1,695 1,713 Scout Bidco B.V. Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.0 Cash 05/22 03/29 3,243 3,143 3,155 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.0 Cash 05/22 03/29 (12) (10) (3) (6) (7) (12) 
 3,243 3,131 3,145 Sereni Capital NV Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.2 Cash 05/22 11/28 358 331 348 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 8.2 Cash 05/22 05/29 490 479 479 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 848 810 827 
 F-23 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Shelf Bidco Ltd Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 12/22 01/30 34,800 33,720 33,721 3.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Common Stock (1,200,000 shares) N/A 12/22 N/A 1,200 1,200 0.1 (3) (6) (30) 
 34,800 34,920 34,921 Simulation Software Investment Company Pty Ltd Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.50 , 8.4 Cash 05/21 08/25 892 897 871 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 08/25 958 939 925 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 1,850 1,836 1,796 SISU ACQUISITIONCO., INC. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 05/21 12/26 2,519 2,485 2,315 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,519 2,485 2,315 Smartling, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 11/21 10/27 14,384 14,109 14,054 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 11/21 10/27 (17) (21) (6) (7) (8) 
 14,384 14,092 14,033 SN BUYER, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.0 Cash 05/21 12/26 5,110 5,057 5,029 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 10.3 Cash 11/22 12/26 2,162 2,120 2,118 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 7,272 7,177 7,147 Soho Square III Debtco II SARL Diversified Capital Markets First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 9.5 PIK 10/22 10/27 5,639 5,177 5,616 0.5 (3) (6) 
 5,639 5,177 5,616 Solo Buyer, L.P. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.25 , 10.4 Cash 12/22 12/29 22,606 22,046 22,042 2.0 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.25 , 10.4 Cash 12/22 12/28 (49) (50) (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Units (516,399 units) N/A 12/22 N/A 516 516 (6) (30) 
 22,606 22,513 22,508 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.) Other Utility First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.00 , 9.6 Cash 11/22 03/27 1,674 1,623 1,621 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.00 , 9.6 Cash 11/22 03/27 (3) (4) (6) (7) (18) 
 1,674 1,620 1,617 Spatial Business Systems LLC Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.7 Cash 10/22 10/28 6,094 5,766 5,754 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.50 , 9.7 Cash 10/22 10/28 (34) (35) (6) (7) (17) 
 6,094 5,732 5,719 Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.) Enterprise Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 12/26 6,689 6,621 6,555 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.50 , 11.1 Cash 12/22 12/26 4,171 4,087 4,087 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 10,860 10,708 10,642 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.50 , 9.4 Cash 05/21 11/27 677 766 667 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 677 766 667 SSCP Spring Bidco Limited Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.00 , 8.2 Cash 05/21 07/25 989 1,150 983 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 989 1,150 983 SSCP Thermal Bidco SAS Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 7.4 Cash 05/21 07/24 710 804 710 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 07/24 98 98 98 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 808 902 808 
 F-24 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Starnmeer B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.30 , 10.7 Cash 10/21 04/27 13,388 13,224 13,267 1.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 13,388 13,224 13,267 Superjet Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 22,943 22,548 22,622 2.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 (31) (26) (6) (7) (9) 
 22,943 22,517 22,596 Syniverse Holdings, Inc. Technology Distributors Series A Preferred Equity (7,575,758 units) 12.5 PIK 05/22 N/A 7,945 6,515 0.6 (5) (6) 
 7,945 6,515 Syntax Systems Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 11/21 10/28 6,378 6,317 5,955 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 11/21 10/26 617 610 569 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (8) 
 6,995 6,927 6,524 TA SL Cayman Aggregator Corp. Technology Subordinated Term Loan 7.8 PIK 07/21 07/28 1,054 1,039 1,022 0.1 (6) 
 Common Stock (770 shares) N/A 07/21 N/A 24 29 (6) (30) 
 1,054 1,063 1,051 Tank Holding Corp Metal Glass Containers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 10.2 Cash 03/22 03/28 14,310 14,021 14,023 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Revolver SOFR + 5.75 , 10.2 Cash 03/22 03/28 109 96 96 (6) (7) (17) 
 14,419 14,117 14,119 Tanqueray Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.25 , 8.4 Cash 11/22 11/29 1,633 1,486 1,558 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 1,633 1,486 1,558 Techone B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.9 Cash 11/21 11/28 5,840 5,844 5,602 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.50 , 7.9 Cash 11/21 05/28 141 137 130 (3) (6) (7) (12) 
 5,981 5,981 5,732 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 12/21 12/23 881 869 871 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 12/21 12/27 5,431 5,349 5,368 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.00 , 9.7 Cash 12/21 12/27 (16) (13) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,312 6,202 6,226 Terrybear, Inc. Consumer Products Subordinated Term Loan 10.0 Cash, 4.0 PIK 04/22 04/28 263 259 259 (6) 
 Common Stock (24,358.97 shares) N/A 04/22 N/A 239 255 (6) (30) 
 263 498 514 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC) Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.25 , 9.0 Cash 10/21 12/27 1,251 1,163 1,191 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.25 , 9.0 Cash 10/21 12/27 (18) (14) (6) (7) (9) 
 Subordinated Term Loan LIBOR + 7.75 , 12.7 Cash 10/21 10/28 5,110 5,023 5,043 0.5 (6) (10) 
 6,361 6,168 6,220 The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc. Industrial Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 07/22 07/28 22,694 22,223 22,268 2.0 (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 PIK 07/22 07/29 4,848 4,745 4,755 0.4 (6) 
 27,542 26,968 27,023 
 F-25 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes The Hilb Group, LLC Insurance Brokerage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 12/26 3,527 3,431 3,388 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 12/25 928 912 913 0.1 (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.1 Cash 05/21 12/26 2,668 2,604 2,625 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 7,123 6,947 6,926 The Octave Music Group, Inc. Media: Diversified Production Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 7.50 , 12.1 Cash 04/22 04/30 6,541 6,419 6,437 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Equity (353,584.39 units) N/A 04/22 N/A 354 532 (6) (30) 
 6,541 6,773 6,969 Total Safety U.S. Inc Diversified Support Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash, 5.0 PIK 07/22 08/25 7,630 7,630 7,631 0.7 (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 08/21 08/25 2,300 2,282 2,178 0.2 (7) (9) 
 9,930 9,912 9,809 Trader Corporation Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + 6.75 , 11.6 Cash 12/22 12/29 4,601 4,451 4,486 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (24) 
 Revolver CDOR + 6.75 , 11.6 Cash 12/22 12/28 (9) (9) (3) (6) (7) (24) 
 4,601 4,442 4,477 Trident Maritime Systems, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 02/27 8,957 8,849 8,836 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,957 8,849 8,836 Truck-Lite Co., LLC Automotive Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.25 , 11.1 Cash 05/21 12/26 21,301 21,046 20,683 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 21,301 21,046 20,683 TSM II Luxco 10 SARL Chemical Plastics Subordinated Term Loan 9.3 PIK 03/22 03/27 9,723 9,719 9,450 0.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) 
 9,723 9,719 9,450 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 4.75 , 9.2 Cash 12/22 12/28 637 591 591 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 4.75 , 9.2 Cash 12/22 12/28 (4) (4) (6) (7) (18) 
 Partnership Units (4,673 units) N/A 12/22 N/A 5 5 (6) (30) 
 637 592 592 Turbo Buyer, Inc. Finance Companies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.00 , 10.7 Cash 11/21 12/25 12,639 12,428 12,243 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 12,639 12,428 12,243 Turnberry Solutions, Inc. Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.25 , 9.2 Cash 07/21 09/26 2,646 2,606 2,606 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 2,646 2,606 2,606 UKFast Leaders Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 7.25 , 10.8 Cash 05/21 09/27 4,248 4,885 3,759 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 4,248 4,885 3,759 Union Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.75 , 9.2 Cash 06/22 06/29 2,361 2,331 2,269 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 2,361 2,331 2,269 United Therapy Holding III GmbH Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 8.3 Cash 04/22 03/29 1,144 1,101 1,098 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,144 1,101 1,098 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.) Legal Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 05/21 11/24 2,518 2,394 2,277 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 2,518 2,394 2,277 
 F-26 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Utac Ceram Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.00 , 8.2 Cash 05/21 09/27 854 945 845 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 8.9 Cash 05/21 09/27 243 238 240 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,097 1,183 1,085 Validity, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.1 Cash 05/21 05/25 939 911 918 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 939 911 918 Victoria Bidco Limited Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.50 , 7.7 Cash 03/22 01/29 4,612 5,039 4,483 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.50 , 8.7 Cash 03/22 01/29 473 465 460 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 5,085 5,504 4,943 VistaJet Pass Through Trust 2021-1B Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B 6.3 Cash 11/21 2/29 9,286 9,286 7,584 0.7 (6) 
 9,286 9,286 7,584 Vital Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 10.2 Cash 06/21 06/28 963 947 962 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (1,096.2 units) N/A 06/21 N/A 11 20 (6) (30) 
 963 958 982 VP Holding Company Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 9.9 Cash 05/21 05/24 14,537 14,383 14,259 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.50 , 9.6 Cash 05/21 05/24 8,528 8,391 8,364 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 23,065 22,774 22,623 W2O Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 05/21 06/25 620 620 614 0.1 (6) (7) (9) 
 620 620 614 Wheels Up Experience Inc Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 12.0 Cash 10/22 04/31 22,500 21,621 21,921 2.0 (6) 
 22,500 21,621 21,921 Woodland Foods, LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 8,253 8,113 7,403 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 10.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 1,294 1,266 1,127 0.1 (6) (7) (9) 
 Common Stock (1,204.46 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 1,205 733 0.1 (6) (30) 
 9,547 10,584 9,263 World 50, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.1 Cash 05/21 01/26 15,383 15,165 15,216 1.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 9.6 Cash 05/21 01/26 520 520 512 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 15,903 15,685 15,728 WWEC Holdings III Corp Capital Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 6.00 , 10.6 Cash 10/22 09/28 10,780 10,467 10,453 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 Revolver SOFR + 6.00 , 10.6 Cash 10/22 09/28 839 794 792 0.1 (6) (7) (18) 
 11,619 11,261 11,245 Xeinadin Bidco Limited Financial Other First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.25 , 8.2 Cash 05/22 05/29 10,730 10,678 10,376 1.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 PIK 05/22 05/29 3,789 3,779 3,687 0.3 (3) (6) (7) 
 Common Stock (354,281 shares) N/A 05/22 N/A 452 439 (3) (6) (30) 
 14,519 14,909 14,502 
 F-27 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes ZB Holdco LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 02/22 02/28 2,684 2,623 2,628 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 9.5 Cash 02/22 02/28 (14) (12) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (152.7 units) N/A 02/22 02/28 153 189 (6) (30) 
 2,684 2,762 2,805 Zeppelin Bidco Limited Services: Business First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.25 , 9.2 Cash 03/22 03/29 2,910 3,075 2,581 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (20) 
 2,910 3,075 2,581 Subtotal Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments (186.1 2,032,045 2,073,049 2,023,356 Affiliate Investments (4): Eclipse Business Capital, LLC Banking, Finance, Insurance, Real Estate Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 7.5 Cash 08/21 07/28 3,209 3,182 3,209 0.3 (6) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 7.25 08/21 07/28 3,722 3,646 3,722 0.3 (6) (8) 
 LLC Units (63,139,338 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 65,809 95,340 8.8 (6) 
 6,931 72,637 102,271 Thompson Rivers LLC Investment Funds Vehicles 6.3 Member Interest N/A 08/21 N/A 19,213 12,041 1.1 
 19,213 12,041 Waccamaw River LLC Investment Funds Vehicles 20 Member Interest N/A 08/21 N/A 22,602 20,212 1.9 (3) 
 22,602 20,212 Subtotal Affiliate Investments (12.4 6,931 114,452 134,524 Total Investments, December 31, 2022 (198.5 
 2,038,976 2,187,501 2,157,880 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Interest Rate Swaps: Description Company Receives Company Pays Maturity Date Notional Amount Value Hedged Instrument Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Interest rate swap (See Note 4) 6.00 SOFR + 3.245 5/10/2027 100,000 (4,534) Series D Notes (4,534) Interest rate swap (See Note 4) 6.00 SOFR + 3.382 5/10/2027 55,000 (2,813) Series E Notes (2,813) Total Interest Rate Swaps, December 31, 2022 
 (7,347) 
 F-28 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts: Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 61,845 41,434 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 660 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 2,300 1,557 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 14 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 40,131 A 61,845 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (1,964) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 42,446 A 63,128 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (684) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 7,479 5,491 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 35 Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 5,473 C 7,479 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (53) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 5,383 C 7,326 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (35) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 7,401kr. 1,056 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 9 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 982 7,401kr. BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (83) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 1,078 7,499kr. BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (9) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 187,162 198,632 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 1,693 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 185,138 187,162 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (15,187) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 199,111 186,411 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (1,665) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 56,336 68,032 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 13 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 1,600 1,929 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 7 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 62,569 56,336 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (5,477) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 66,247 54,756 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (38) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 8,665 5,451 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 46 Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 5,009 NZ 8,665 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (487) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 5,060 NZ 8,044 BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (46) Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 38,802kr 3,939 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 6 Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 3,626 38,802kr BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (318) Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 4,097 40,202kr BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (7) Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 5,694kr 547 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 512 5,694kr BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (35) Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 555 5,751kr BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 18,873Fr. 19,744 BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 689 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,491 18,873Fr. BNP Paribas SA 01/09/23 (942) Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 5,336 4,891Fr. BNP Paribas SA 04/11/23 (12) Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts, December 31, 2022 
 (23,870) 
 Fair value as a percentage of net assets. 
 (1) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise noted. Barings Private Credit Corporation s (the Company external investment adviser, Barings LLC Barings or the Adviser ), determines in good faith whether the Company s investments were valued at fair value in accordance with a valuation policy and processes established by the Adviser, which have been approved by the Company s board of directors (the Board ), and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). In addition, all debt investments are variable rate investments unless otherwise noted. Index-based floating interest rates are generally subject to a contractual minimum interest rate. Variable rate loans to the Company s portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate EURIBOR ), the Bank Bill Swap Bid Rate BBSY ), the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate STIBOR ), the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate CDOR ), the Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight SARON ), the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate NIBOR ), the Bank Bill Market rate BKBM or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), at the borrower s option, which reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly. For each such loan, the Company has provided the interest rate in effect on the date presented. SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. 
 (2) All of the Company s portfolio company investments (including joint venture investments), which as of December 31, 2022 represent ed 198.5 of the Company s net assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. The acquisition date represents the date of the Company s initial investment in the relevant portfolio company. 
 (3) Investment is not a qualifying investment as defined under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Non-qualifying assets represent 25.8 of total investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. If at any time qualifying assets do not represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets, the Company will be precluded from acquiring any additional non-qualifying asset until such time as it complies with the requirements of Section 55(a). 
 (4) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an affiliated person of the portfolio company as the Company owns between 5 or more, up to 25 (inclusive), of the portfolio company's voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in non-controlled Affiliate Investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 F-29 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2022 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 December 31, 2021 Value Gross Additions (a) Gross Reductions (b) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2022 Value 
 Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(c) Portfolio Company Type of Investment Eclipse Business Capital, LLC (d) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (7.5 Cash) 3,345 4 (140) 3,209 242 Revolver (LIBOR + 7.25 1,283 3,736 (1,284) (13) 3,722 347 LLC units (63,139,338 units) 65,412 2,386 27,542 95,340 7,923 70,040 6,126 (1,284) 27,389 102,271 8,512 Thompson Rivers LLC 6.3 Member Interest 33,511 (13,036) (8,434) 12,041 3,571 33,511 (13,036) (8,434) 12,041 3,571 Waccamaw River LLC 20 Member Interest 13,500 8,882 (2,170) 20,212 1,850 13,500 8,882 (2,170) 20,212 1,850 Total Affiliate Investments 117,051 15,008 (14,320) 16,785 134,524 13,933 
 (a) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (b) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments, sales and return of capital. 
 (c) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Affiliate category. 
 (d) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (5) Some or all of the investment is or will be encumbered as security for BPC Funding LLC s 800.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with BNP Paribas (as amended, restated and modified from time to time, the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 (6) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (7) Debt investment includes interest rate floor feature. 
 (8) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.39157 . 
 (9) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.76729 . 
 (10) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 5.13886 . 
 (11) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month EURIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 1.88400 . 
 (12) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month EURIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 2.13200 . 
 (13) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month EURIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 2.69300 . 
 (14) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.01500 . 
 (15) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.26470 . 
 (16) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.76500 . 
 (17) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.35806 . 
 (18) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.58745 . 
 (19) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.78131 . 
 (20) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month SONIA, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.43570 . 
 (21) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month SONIA, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.75470 . 
 (22) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month SONIA, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.09490 . 
 (23) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month STIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 2.70100 . 
 (24) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month CDOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.73750 . 
 (25) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month CDOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.93500 . 
 (26) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month BKBM, which as of December 31, 2022 was 4.53000 . 
 (27) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month SARON, which as of December 31, 2022 was 0.94212 . 
 (28) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month NIBOR, which as of December 31, 2022 was 3.04000 . 
 (29) The interest rate on these loans is subject to Prime, which as of December 31, 2022 was 7.50000 . 
 (30) Investment is non-income producing. 
 (31) The sale of all or a portion of this investment did not qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing ASC 860 ), and therefore the investment remains on the Company s Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022. See Note 4 in the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details. 
 (32) Non-accrual investment. 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-30 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments: 1WorldSync, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 7.3 Cash 05/21 07/25 11,008 10,927 11,008 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 11,008 10,927 11,008 Acclime Holdings HK Limited Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.5 , 7.0 Cash 08/21 07/27 4,206 4,065 4,072 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,206 4,065 4,072 Accomplish Group Midco Limited Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 11/25 1,409 1,462 1,409 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 1,409 1,462 1,409 Accurus Aerospace Corporation Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash, 1.5 PIK 05/21 10/24 6,462 5,662 6,240 0.7 (6) (7) (10) 
 6,462 5,662 6,240 Acogroup Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.0 , 5.0 Cash, 2.5 PIK 05/21 10/26 1,365 1,446 1,365 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 1,365 1,446 1,365 Aesthetics Australia Group Pty Ltd (Laser Clinics Australia Group) Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 09/23 744 792 744 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 744 792 744 Air Comm Corporation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 06/21 07/27 22,226 21,746 21,727 2.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 22,226 21,746 21,727 AIT Worldwide Logistics Holdings, Inc. Air Freight Logistics Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.75 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 04/29 7,220 7,067 7,220 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,220 7,067 7,220 Amtech LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/27 2,727 2,639 2,636 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/27 (9) (9) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,727 2,630 2,627 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/28 3,116 2,979 2,938 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/28 1,452 1,424 1,416 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/28 951 951 928 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,519 5,354 5,282 Anju Software, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 02/25 1,432 1,427 1,406 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 
 1,432 1,427 1,406 Apex Bidco Limited Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 01/27 458 469 457 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 458 469 457 Aptus 1829. GmbH Chemicals, Plastics, Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.5 , 6.5 Cash 09/21 09/27 4,732 4,794 4,627 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Preferred Stock (14 shares) N/A 09/21 N/A 122 120 (3) (5) (6) 
 Common Stock (49 shares) N/A 09/21 N/A 12 12 (3) (5) (6) 
 4,732 4,928 4,759 Apus Bidco Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 03/28 1,288 1,306 1,262 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 1,288 1,306 1,262 AQA Acquisition Holding, Inc. High Tech Industries Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.5 , 8.0 Cash 05/21 03/29 7,460 7,265 7,460 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,460 7,265 7,460 
 F-31 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.0 , 6.1 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,801 2,641 2,673 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 10.5 PIK 12/21 12/28 (2) (2) 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (23) 
 Revolver SONIA + 6.0 , 6.1 Cash 12/21 12/22 700 671 679 (3) (6) (7) (23) 
 3,501 3,310 3,350 Archimede Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 10/27 1,251 1,302 1,227 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,251 1,302 1,227 Argus Bidco Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.5 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 12/27 461 467 461 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 461 467 461 Armstrong Transport Group (Pele Buyer, LLC) Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 06/24 4,071 3,998 3,989 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,071 3,998 3,989 ASPEQ Heating Group LLC Building Products, Air Heating First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 11/25 1,620 1,609 1,620 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 1,620 1,609 1,620 Astra Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 11/21 11/28 2,682 2,540 2,566 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 2,682 2,540 2,566 Athena Midco Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 12/25 408 422 404 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 408 422 404 Audio Precision, Inc. High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 10/24 2,898 3,045 2,898 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 10/24 4,992 4,940 4,992 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,890 7,985 7,890 Auxi International Commercial Finance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/26 341 357 308 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 341 357 308 Avalign Holdings, Inc. Health Care Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 4.6 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,814 1,810 1,803 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,814 1,810 1,803 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.5 , 6.0 Cash 11/21 11/27 2,994 2,801 2,855 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 2,994 2,801 2,855 AWP Group Holdings, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,251 1,232 1,232 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,251 1,232 1,232 Azalea Buyer, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/27 4,606 4,496 4,494 0.5 (5) (6) (7) 
 Common Stock (192,307.69 shares) N/A 11/21 N/A 192 192 (6) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 12.0 PIK 11/21 05/28 1,260 1,235 1,234 0.2 (6) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 11/27 (9) (10) (6) (7) 
 5,866 5,914 5,910 Bariacum S.A Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.50 , 5.5 Cash 11/21 11/28 2,957 2,844 2,847 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 2,957 2,844 2,847 BDP International, Inc. (f/k/a BDP Buyer, LLC) Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 12/24 9,937 9,779 9,788 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 9,937 9,779 9,788 
 F-32 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Bearcat Buyer, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 07/26 2,461 2,434 2,461 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,461 2,434 2,461 Benify (Bennevis AB) High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan STIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 07/26 414 446 414 (3) (5) (6) (7) (18) 
 414 446 414 Bestop, Inc. Auto Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 01/25 3,111 3,110 3,080 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 3,111 3,110 3,080 Beyond Risk Management, Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.50 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 09/27 2,427 2,336 2,327 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,427 2,336 2,327 Bidwax Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 02/28 5,231 5,305 5,087 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 5,231 5,305 5,087 BigHand UK Bidco Limited 
 High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.4 Cash 05/21 01/28 423 424 410 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 423 424 410 Bottom Line Systems, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 02/23 3,416 3,413 3,416 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,416 3,413 3,416 Bounteous, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 08/21 08/27 8,453 8,240 8,230 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,453 8,240 8,230 Brightline Trains Florida LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Note 8.0 Cash 08/21 01/28 8,000 8,000 8,008 1.0 (6) 
 8,000 8,000 8,008 Brightpay Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 10/28 2,677 2,647 2,599 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 2,677 2,647 2,599 BrightSign LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 10/21 10/27 10,687 10,583 10,580 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 10/21 10/27 (11) (11) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (923,857.7 units) N/A 10/21 N/A 924 947 0.1 (6) 
 10,687 11,496 11,516 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.75 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 12/27 5,862 5,641 5,742 0.7 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 Revolver SONIA + 6.75 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 06/22 (1) (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 5,862 5,640 5,742 Bucharest Midco Limited Hotel, Gaming Leisure First Lien Senior Secured GBP Term Loan 7.0 PIK 05/21 07/26 838 738 642 0.1 (3) (6) 
 First Lien Senior Secured USD Term Loan 7.0 PIK 05/21 07/26 163 139 125 (3) (6) 
 1,001 877 767 C0003 Pty Ltd (Icon Cancer Care) Health Care Facilities First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 4.5 , 5.0 Cash 05/21 10/24 1,031 1,095 1,031 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 8.0 , 8.5 Cash 05/21 04/25 350 373 350 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 1,381 1,468 1,381 CAi Software, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 7.3 Cash 12/21 12/28 9,057 8,877 8,876 1.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.25 , 7.3 Cash 12/21 12/28 (19) (19) (3) (6) (7) (9) 
 9,057 8,858 8,857 
 F-33 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CDOR + 6.5 , 7.5 Cash 06/21 03/26 4,329 4,478 4,290 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (20) 
 4,329 4,478 4,290 Cascade LP Holdings, LLC Environ-mental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash, 0.5 PIK 05/21 12/22 1,530 1,501 1,511 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Subordinated Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash, 0.5 PIK 05/21 12/22 27 27 27 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,557 1,528 1,538 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 05/27 128 136 128 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 128 136 128 Ceres Pharma NV Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 10/21 10/28 3,273 3,192 3,128 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 3,273 3,192 3,128 Chambers Global Holdings Limited Data Processing Outsourced Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 6.0 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 01/26 1,295 1,328 1,285 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 1,295 1,328 1,285 Claritas, LLC Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/23 1,627 1,619 1,627 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,627 1,619 1,627 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC) Auto Collision Repair Centers First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 01/26 19,184 18,822 18,967 2.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 19,184 18,822 18,967 CM Acquisitions Holdings Inc. Internet Direct Marketing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 05/25 10,925 10,887 10,925 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 10,925 10,887 10,925 Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC Other Financial Subordinated Term Loan 10.0 PIK 11/21 11/31 8,804 7,983 7,983 0.9 (6) 
 LLC Units (273,796 units N/A 11/21 N/A 821 821 0.1 (6) 
 8,804 8,804 8,804 Cobham Slip Rings SAS Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.4 Cash 11/21 11/28 3,091 3,016 3,014 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,091 3,016 3,014 Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC) Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.25 , 9.3 Cash 05/21 04/27 11,880 11,398 11,617 1.4 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 11,880 11,398 11,617 Contabo Finco S. R.L Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 10/26 24,509 23,910 24,018 2.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 24,509 23,910 24,018 Cosmelux International Commodity Chemicals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 07/24 1,030 1,082 1,023 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 1,030 1,082 1,023 Coyo Uprising GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.5 , 6.5 Cash 09/21 09/28 9,686 9,705 9,418 1.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Class A Units (531.0 units) N/A 09/21 N/A 248 708 0.1 (3) (6) 
 Class B Units (231.0 units) N/A 09/21 N/A 538 305 (3) (6) 
 9,686 10,491 10,431 Crash Champions Automotive First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 08/25 15,470 14,972 14,870 1.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 15,470 14,972 14,870 
 F-34 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes CVL 3 Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 4,321 4,183 4,213 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 6- Month Bridge Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 06/22 569 551 563 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,480 2,419 2,418 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (24) 
 7,370 7,153 7,194 CW Group Holdings, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 01/27 4,128 4,044 4,064 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,128 4,044 4,064 Dart Buyer, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 04/25 2,217 2,202 2,129 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,217 2,202 2,129 DecksDirect, LLC Building Materials First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 12/21 12/26 727 713 713 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 12/21 12/26 (4) (4) (6) (7) (9) 
 LLC Units (1,280.8 Units) N/A 12/21 N/A 55 55 (6) 
 727 764 764 Direct Travel, Inc. Lodging Casinos First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 1.0 , 2.0 Cash, 7.5 PIK 05/21 10/23 5,591 4,528 4,417 0.6 (6) (7) (9) 
 Super Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 10/23 374 374 374 (6) (7) (9) 
 5,965 4,902 4,791 Discovery Education, Inc. Publishing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 10/26 8,633 8,633 8,633 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,633 8,633 8,633 Dragon Bidco High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 04/28 569 590 558 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 569 590 558 DreamStart Bidco SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 03/27 909 941 898 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 909 941 898 Dune Group Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.0 Cash 09/21 09/28 4,825 4,743 4,714 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 09/21 09/28 319 268 275 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 5,144 5,011 4,989 Dunn Paper, Inc. Forest Products Paper Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.75 , 9.8 Cash 05/21 08/23 2,481 2,452 2,176 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 2,481 2,452 2,176 Dwyer Instruments, Inc. Electric First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 07/21 07/27 6,513 6,376 6,446 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,513 6,376 6,446 Echo Global Logistics, Inc. Air Transportation Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.25 , 8.0 Cash 11/21 11/29 16,433 16,148 16,145 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Equity (448.2 units) N/A 11/21 N/A 448 448 0.1 (6) 
 16,433 16,596 16,593 Ellkay, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 09/21 09/27 5,829 5,717 5,724 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,829 5,717 5,724 EMI Porta Holdco LLC Diversified Manufacturing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 16,780 16,237 16,231 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 (50) (51) (6) (7) (9) 
 16,780 16,187 16,180 
 F-35 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Entact Environmental Services, Inc. Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,860 1,844 1,836 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,860 1,844 1,836 EPS NASS Parent, Inc. Electrical Components Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 04/28 2,082 2,040 2,047 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,082 2,040 2,047 ERES Group Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.0 , 5.0 Cash, 05/21 07/26 341 362 341 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 341 362 341 eShipping, LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 11/21 11/27 5,483 5,351 5,348 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 11/21 11/27 127 113 113 (6) (7) (9) 
 5,610 5,464 5,461 F24 (Stairway BidCo Gmbh) Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 08/27 378 402 378 (3) (5) (6) (13) 
 378 402 378 Findex Group Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 05/24 846 899 846 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (16) 
 846 899 846 Fineline Technologies, Inc. Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 02/28 3,488 3,424 3,488 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,488 3,424 3,488 FitzMark Buyer, LLC Cargo Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 12/26 4,314 4,243 4,227 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,314 4,243 4,227 Flavor Producers, LLC. Packaged Foods Meats First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash, 1.0 PIK 05/21 12/23 892 861 878 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 892 861 878 Flexential Issuer, LLC Information Technology Structured Secured Note - Class C 6.9 Cash 11/21 11/51 10,000 9,261 9,755 1.2 10,000 9,261 9,755 FragilePak LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 05/27 9,274 8,924 8,966 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 Partnership Units (929.7 units) N/A 05/21 N/A 930 918 (6) 
 9,274 9,854 9,884 Front Line Power Construction LLC Construction Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 12.5 , 13.5 Cash 11/21 11/28 1,250 1,210 1,213 0.1 (6) (7) (9) 
 Common Stock (15,890 shares) N/A 11/21 N/A 41 35 1,250 1,251 1,248 FSS Buyer LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 08/21 08/28 24,781 24,305 24,341 3.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 LP Interest (2,902.34 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 29 75 (6) 
 LP Units (12,760.8 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 128 330 (6) 
 24,781 24,462 24,746 Glacis Acquisition S.A.R.L. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 07/23 1,296 1,128 1,296 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 1,296 1,128 1,296 Graphpad Software, LLC Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash, 11/21 04/27 16,248 16,064 16,060 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 04/27 11,047 11,047 11,103 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 27,295 27,111 27,163 
 F-36 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Healthe Care Specialty Pty Ltd Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 4.75 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 10/24 1,084 1,128 1,069 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (17) 
 1,084 1,128 1,069 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC Healthcare Subordinated Term Loan 11.0 PIK 11/21 11/28 5,175 5,038 5,036 0.6 (6) 
 5,175 5,038 5,036 Heartland, LLC Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 08/25 6,608 6,495 6,458 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,608 6,495 6,458 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 11/21 11/27 22,807 22,359 22,351 2.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 11/21 11/27 (43) (44) (6) (7) (9) 
 22,807 22,316 22,307 Heilbron (f/k/a Sucsez (Bolt Bidco B.V.)) Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.0 , 5.0 Cash, 05/21 09/26 8,219 8,510 8,029 1.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 8,219 8,510 8,029 HemaSource, Inc. Health Care Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash, 05/21 07/23 8,475 8,414 8,475 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 8,475 8,414 8,475 Home Care Assistance, LLC Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash, 05/21 03/27 1,562 1,534 1,531 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,562 1,534 1,531 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC) Advertising First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash, 05/21 12/24 13,160 12,964 12,860 1.5 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 13,160 12,964 12,860 IGL Holdings III Corp. Commercial Printing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash, 05/21 11/26 9,172 9,053 9,076 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 9,172 9,053 9,076 IM Square Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash, 05/21 04/28 4,776 4,858 4,700 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 4,776 4,858 4,700 Image International Intermediate Holdco II, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 07/24 25,000 24,715 24,625 2.9 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 25,000 24,715 24,625 Infoniqa Holdings GmbH Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 11/21 11/28 4,286 4,148 4,168 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,286 4,148 4,168 Innovad Group II BV Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 04/28 990 1,020 930 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 990 1,020 930 INOS 19-090 GmbH Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.13 , 6.1 Cash 05/21 12/27 696 721 695 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 696 721 695 Ipsen International Holding GmbH Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash, 0.5 PIK 05/21 08/24 1,222 1,156 1,095 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (14) 
 1,222 1,156 1,095 Iridium Bidco Limited Radio Television First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 09/23 1,018 1,045 1,018 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 1,018 1,045 1,018 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM) Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.0 , 5.0 Cash, 05/21 06/25 925 974 925 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 925 974 925 ISS#2, LLC (d/b/a Industrial Services Solutions) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash, 05/21 02/26 1,627 1,472 1,547 0.2 (6) (7) (10) 
 1,627 1,472 1,547 
 F-37 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes ITI Intermodal, Inc. Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash, 12/21 12/27 721 705 705 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 12/21 12/27 (2) (2) (6) (7) (9) 
 721 703 703 Jade Bidco Limited (Jane's) Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 4.5 , 4.5 Cash, 2.0 PIK 05/21 12/26 213 224 213 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 4.5 Cash, 2.0 PIK 05/21 12/26 1,174 1,164 1,174 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 1,387 1,388 1,387 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc. Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 12/21 09/24 2,543 2,487 2,486 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 12/21 09/24 (6) (6) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,543 2,481 2,480 Jeeves Information Systems AB High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan STIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 12/22 168 181 166 (3) (5) (6) (7) (19) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 12/22 4,299 4,345 4,114 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CHF LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 12/22 16,517 16,133 16,270 2.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 20,984 20,659 20,550 Kano Laboratories LLC Chemicals, Plastics Rubber First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 11/26 2,929 2,886 2,839 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 2,929 2,886 2,839 Kestrel Midco Limited Health Care Distributors First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.0 Cash, 05/21 12/24 1,486 1,547 1,486 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 1,486 1,547 1,486 Kid Distro Holdings, LLC Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 10/21 10/27 23,936 23,474 23,457 2.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (1,062,795.2 units) N/A 10/21 N/A 1,064 1,063 0.1 (6) 
 23,936 24,538 24,520 Kona Buyer, LLC High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/27 10,661 10,489 10,661 1.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 10,661 10,489 10,661 KSLB Holdings, LLC Beverage, Food Tobacco First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 07/25 6,041 5,727 5,564 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 6,041 5,727 5,564 LAF International Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 03/28 569 594 556 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 569 594 556 Lambir Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 12/21 12/28 2,326 2,212 2,230 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 12.0 PIK 12/21 06/29 657 632 637 0.1 (3) (6) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 12/21 12/24 145 136 137 (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 3,128 2,980 3,004 Life Extension Institute, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 02/24 7,188 7,188 7,188 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,188 7,188 7,188 Listrac Bidco Limited Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 11/22 640 618 632 0.1 (3) (6) (7) (12) 
 640 618 632 LivTech Purchaser, Inc. Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash, 05/21 12/25 1,625 1,606 1,611 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,625 1,606 1,611 
 F-38 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Loftware, Inc. Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/25 21,493 21,314 21,117 2.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 21,493 21,314 21,117 Marmoutier Holding B.V. Consumer Products First Lien Senior Secured Term EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 12/21 12/28 1,944 1,872 1,880 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.0 , 5.0 Cash 12/21 06/27 (4) (4) (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,944 1,868 1,876 MC Group Ventures Corporation Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 07/21 06/27 5,824 5,684 5,774 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (560 units) N/A 06/21 N/A 560 571 0.1 (6) 
 5,824 6,244 6,345 Media Recovery, Inc. (SpotSee) Containers, Packaging Glass First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 11/25 947 970 947 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 947 970 947 Medical Solutions Parent Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.0 , 7.5 Cash 11/21 11/29 4,421 4,377 4,362 0.5 (5) (7) (9) 
 4,421 4,377 4,362 Medplast Holdings, Inc. Health Care Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.75 , 7.8 Cash 05/21 07/26 9,325 8,580 8,854 1.1 (5) (7) (8) 
 9,325 8,580 8,854 Mertus 522. GmbH Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 05/26 438 260 251 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 438 260 251 Metis BidCo Pty Limited (0.0 Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 04/26 414 439 414 (3) (5) (6) (16) 
 414 439 414 MNS Buyer, Inc. Construction Building First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 08/21 08/27 921 903 905 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 LLC Units (76.92 Units) N/A 08/21 N/A 77 78 (6) 
 921 980 983 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/26 841 855 837 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 841 855 837 Mold-Rite Plastics, LLC Containers, Packaging Glass Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.0 , 7.5 Cash 09/21 09/29 5,000 4,950 4,975 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,000 4,950 4,975 Murphy Midco Limited Media, Diversified Production First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 4.75 , 4.8 Cash 05/21 11/27 638 642 623 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 638 642 623 Music Reports, Inc. Media Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 08/26 2,598 2,559 2,546 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,598 2,559 2,546 Narda Acquisitionco., Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 12/21 12/27 4,591 4,511 4,511 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 12/21 12/27 (18) (19) (6) (7) (9) 
 Class A Preferred Stock (3,708.1 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 371 371 (6) 
 Class B Common Stock (412.0 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 41 41 (6) 
 4,591 4,905 4,904 Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc. Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 02/27 4,630 4,527 4,590 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 4,630 4,527 4,590 
 F-39 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes NeoxCo Internet Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 05/25 250 259 250 (3) (5) 6) ((7) (14) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 12.5 PIK 05/21 08/25 40 41 40 (3) (6) 
 290 300 290 Net Health Acquisition Corp. Health Care Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/23 938 924 934 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/25 10,154 9,997 10,104 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 11,092 10,921 11,038 NEWCO AH Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 10/25 1,279 1,353 1,279 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 1,279 1,353 1,279 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited Other Financial First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 10/28 4,218 4,072 4,060 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 Revolver SONIA + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 04/22 82 81 80 (3) (6) (7) (23) 
 4,300 4,153 4,140 Northstar Recycling, LLC Environmental Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 10/21 09/27 6,190 6,071 6,066 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 6,190 6,071 6,066 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd Publishing First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.5 , 6.0 Cash, 05/21 09/23 1,333 1,416 1,328 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 1,333 1,416 1,328 OA Buyer, Inc. Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 6.8 Cash 12/21 12/28 8,501 8,331 8,331 1.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 6.0 , 6.8 Cash 12/21 12/28 (27) (27) (3) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (210,920.1 units) N/A 12/21 N/A 211 211 (3) (6) 
 8,501 8,515 8,515 OG III B.V. Containers Glass Products First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 06/21 06/28 12,862 13,322 12,573 1.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 12,862 13,322 12,573 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC Transportation First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 12/26 14,387 13,972 13,981 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 14,387 13,972 13,981 Options Technology Ltd. Computer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 12/25 8,594 8,428 8,394 1.0 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,594 8,428 8,394 Oracle Vision Bidco Limited Healthcare First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 06/21 05/28 1,502 1,522 1,467 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 1,502 1,522 1,467 Origin Bidco Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 06/21 06/28 597 582 584 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 06/21 06/28 377 394 369 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 974 976 953 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 12/21 12/27 2,281 2,235 2,235 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 12/21 12/27 (4) (4) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,281 2,231 2,231 Pacific Health Supplies Bidco Pty Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.0 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 12/25 1,073 1,114 1,044 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 1,073 1,114 1,044 Panther Bidco Pty Ltd (Junior Adventures Group) Consumer Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 06/23 702 744 679 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (17) 
 702 744 679 
 F-40 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE) Health Care Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/26 910 957 910 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 910 957 910 Patriot New Midco 1 Limited (Forensic Risk Alliance) Diversified Financial Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.75 , 7.8 Cash 05/21 02/27 429 450 409 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 02/27 502 496 479 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 931 946 888 PDQ.Com Corporation Business Equipment Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 08/21 08/27 15,776 15,421 15,410 1.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Class A-2 Partnership Units (86.39 units) N/A 08/21 N/A 86 87 (6) 
 15,776 15,507 15,497 PEGASUS TRANSTECH HOLDING, LLC Trucking First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.5 , 7.5 Cash 05/21 11/24 8,333 8,333 8,333 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 8,333 8,333 8,333 Perforce Software, Inc. Internet Software Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.0 , 8.1 Cash 05/21 07/27 6,497 6,423 6,497 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 6,497 6,423 6,497 Permaconn BidCo Pty Ltd Tele-communications First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 6.5 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 8,114 7,776 7,891 0.9 (3) (5) (6) (7) (15) 
 8,114 7,776 7,891 Pilot Air Freight, LLC Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 07/24 14,191 14,014 14,191 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 14,191 14,014 14,191 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C. Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 12/21 12/27 4,243 4,159 4,158 0.5 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 12/21 12/27 (11) (11) (6) (7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (3,820.44 Units) N/A 12/21 N/A 382 382 (6) 
 4,243 4,530 4,529 Policy Services Company, LLC Property Casualty Insurance First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash, 4.0 PIK 12/21 06/26 43,421 41,702 41,694 5.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Warrants - Class A (26,774 units) N/A 12/21 N/A (6) 
 Warrants - Class B (9,036 units) N/A 12/21 N/A (6) 
 Warrants - Class CC (929 units) N/A 12/21 N/A (6) 
 Warrants - Class D (2,387 units) N/A 12/21 N/A (6) 
 43,421 41,702 41,694 Premium Franchise Brands, LLC Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 7.3 Cash 05/21 12/26 24,972 24,525 24,473 2.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 24,972 24,525 24,473 Premium Invest Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 06/21 06/28 4,208 4,335 4,141 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,208 4,335 4,141 Preqin MC Limited Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SOFR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 08/21 07/28 2,500 2,429 2,478 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (25) 
 2,500 2,429 2,478 Professional Datasolutions, Inc. (PDI) Application Software First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 10/24 11,850 11,794 11,672 1.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 11,850 11,794 11,672 Protego Bidco B.V. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 03/27 136 139 134 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 03/28 498 506 481 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 634 645 615 
 F-41 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.5 , 6.0 Cash 09/21 09/26 4,048 3,902 3,985 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 4,048 3,902 3,985 Questel Unite Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/27 2,011 1,982 1,981 0.3 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,000 987 994 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,011 2,969 2,975 Recovery Point Systems, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.5 , 7.5 Cash, 05/21 08/26 2,454 2,454 2,454 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,454 2,454 2,454 Renaissance Holding Corp. Application Software Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.0 , 7.1 Cash 05/21 05/26 9,325 9,301 9,339 1.1 (5) (7) (8) 
 9,325 9,301 9,339 Renovation Parent Holdings, LLC Home furnishings First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 6.5 Cash 11/21 11/27 14,563 14,206 14,199 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 Partnership Equity (592,105.3 units) N/A 11/21 N/A 592 610 0.1 (6) 
 14,563 14,798 14,809 REP SEKO MERGER SUB LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 12/26 7,411 7,391 7,284 0.9 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 12/26 6,298 6,326 6,203 0.7 (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 13,709 13,717 13,487 Resonetics, LLC Health Care Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 7.0 , 7.8 Cash 05/21 04/29 10,304 10,106 10,098 1.2 (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 10,304 10,106 10,098 RevSpring, Inc. Business Services Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.25 , 8.4 Cash 05/21 10/26 2,556 2,507 2,556 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,556 2,507 2,556 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd Precious Metals Minerals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 08/21 06/28 13,113 13,066 12,770 1.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (23) 
 13,113 13,066 12,770 Riedel Beheer B.V. Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 1,899 1,835 1,843 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Super Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 12/28 230 222 223 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 12/21 06/28 (5) (5) (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 2,129 2,052 2,061 ROI Solutions LLC Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 08/24 8,474 8,474 8,474 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 8,474 8,474 8,474 RPX Corporation Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 10/25 17,802 17,508 17,436 2.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 17,802 17,508 17,436 Safety Products Holdings, LLC Non-durable Consumer Goods First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 12/26 5,400 5,245 5,213 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 5,400 5,245 5,213 Sandvine Corporation Communications Equipment Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 8.0 , 8.1 Cash 05/21 11/26 8,685 8,654 8,685 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 8,685 8,654 8,685 
 F-42 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Sanoptis SARL Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 05/26 1,137 1,185 1,137 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 05/26 14,895 14,637 14,895 1.8 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CHF LIBOR + 5.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 05/26 390 384 390 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan CHF LIBOR + 6.0 , 6.0 Cash 05/21 05/26 2,697 2,689 2,697 0.4 (3) (5) (6) (7) (21) 
 19,119 18,895 19,119 Scaled Agile, Inc. Research Consulting Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/28 1,748 1,705 1,705 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/28 (7) (7) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,748 1,698 1,698 Simulation Software Investment Company Pty Ltd Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 09/22 639 637 639 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan BBSY + 5.5 , 5.6 Cash 05/21 09/22 654 696 654 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (16) 
 1,293 1,333 1,293 SISU ACQUISITIONCO., INC. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/26 2,545 2,503 2,458 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,545 2,503 2,458 Smartling, Inc. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 11/21 11/27 14,529 14,204 14,197 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 11/21 11/27 (20) (21) (6) (7) (9) 
 14,529 14,184 14,176 SN BUYER, LLC Health Care Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/26 5,185 5,119 5,185 0.6 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 5,185 5,119 5,185 Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.) Enterprise Software Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 12/26 2,434 2,426 2,434 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,434 2,426 2,434 SPT Acquico Limited High Tech Industries First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 12/27 1,807 1,765 1,807 0.2 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,807 1,765 1,807 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited Healthcare Pharmaceuticals First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 6.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 11/27 763 762 758 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (11) 
 763 762 758 SSCP Spring Bidco Limited Health Care First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 6.25 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 07/25 1,113 1,148 1,108 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 1,113 1,148 1,108 SSCP Thermal Bidco SAS Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 07/24 757 804 757 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (14) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.4 Cash 05/21 07/24 98 98 98 (3) (5) (6) (7) (10) 
 855 902 855 Starnmeer B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.4 , 6.9 Cash 10/21 04/27 13,388 13,193 13,187 1.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 13,388 13,193 13,187 Superjet Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 23,175 22,711 22,711 2.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 (37) (37) (6) (7) (9) 
 23,175 22,674 22,674 Syntax Systems Ltd Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 10/28 6,459 6,380 6,377 0.8 (3) (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 11/21 10/26 405 396 396 (3) (6) (7) (8) 
 6,864 6,776 6,773 
 F-43 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes TA SL Cayman Aggregator Corp. Technology Subordinated Term Loan 8.8 PIK 07/21 07/28 967 948 950 0.1 (6) 
 Common Stock (770 shares) N/A 07/21 N/A 24 31 (6) 
 967 972 981 Techone B.V. Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 11/21 11/28 4,046 3,907 3,914 0.5 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 Revolver EURIBOR + 5.5 , 5.5 Cash 11/21 05/28 50 45 45 (3) (6) (7) (13) 
 4,096 3,952 3,959 Temple Midco Limited Industrial Machinery First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan GBP LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 08/24 990 1,017 990 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (12) 
 990 1,017 990 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC Capital Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 5,486 5,375 5,374 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 (20) (20) (3) (6) (7) (9) 
 5,486 5,355 5,354 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC) Brokerage, Asset Managers Exchanges First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.25 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 12/27 1,264 1,158 1,158 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 4.25 , 5.3 Cash 10/21 12/27 (21) (22) (6) (7) (9) 
 Subordinated Term Loan 7.75 PIK 10/21 10/28 4,974 4,876 4,874 0.6 (6) 
 6,238 6,013 6,010 The Hilb Group, LLC Insurance Brokerage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 12/26 3,635 3,537 3,562 0.4 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 12/26 117 (4) (4) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 3,752 3,533 3,558 The Octave Music Group, Inc. (fka TouchTones Interactive Networks, Inc.) Entertainment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash, 0.75 PIK 05/21 05/25 2,760 2,713 2,758 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 2,760 2,713 2,758 Total Safety U.S. Inc. Diversified Support Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 08/21 08/25 2,472 2,446 2,434 0.3 (7) (10) 
 2,472 2,446 2,434 Trident Maritime Systems, Inc. Aerospace Defense First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 02/27 9,029 8,889 9,029 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 9,029 8,889 9,029 Truck-Lite Co., LLC Automotive Parts Equipment First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.25 , 7.3 Cash 05/21 12/26 14,476 14,228 14,097 1.7 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 14,476 14,228 14,097 Turbo Buyer, Inc. Finance Companies First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 11/21 12/25 9,425 9,197 9,190 1.1 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 9,425 9,197 9,190 Turnberry Solutions, Inc. Consumer Cyclical First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 07/21 09/26 2,500 2,454 2,457 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,500 2,454 2,457 UKFast Leaders Limited Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan SONIA + 7.0 , 7.1 Cash 05/21 09/27 4,783 4,870 4,697 0.6 (3) (5) (6) (7) (22) 
 4,783 4,870 4,697 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.) Legal Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.75 , 6.8 Cash 05/21 11/24 2,372 2,262 2,372 0.3 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 2,372 2,262 2,372 Utac Ceram Business Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan EURIBOR + 5.25 , 5.3 Cash 05/21 09/27 910 942 892 0.1 (3) (5) (6) (7) (13) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 09/27 243 236 238 (3) (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,153 1,178 1,130 
 F-44 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Portfolio Company Industry Investment Type (1)(2) 
 Interest Acq. Date Maturity Date Principal Amount Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Notes Validity, Inc. IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 4.8 Cash 05/21 05/25 939 900 936 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 939 900 936 VistaJet Pass Through Trust 2021-1B Airlines Structured Secured Note - Class B 6.3 Cash 11/21 02/29 10,000 10,000 9,811 1.2 10,000 10,000 9,811 Vital Buyer, LLC Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.3 Cash 06/21 06/28 982 964 966 0.1 (5) 6) ((7) (9) 
 Partnership Units (1,096.2 units) N/A 06/21 N/A 11 11 (6) 
 982 975 977 Vitalyst, LLC IT Consulting Other Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 6.0 , 7.0 Cash 05/21 08/22 1,942 1,942 1,942 0.2 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 1,942 1,942 1,942 VP Holding Company Transportation Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.5 , 6.5 Cash 05/21 05/24 7,149 7,045 7,034 0.8 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 7,149 7,045 7,034 W2O Holdings, Inc. Healthcare Technology First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.75 , 5.8 Cash 05/21 06/25 400 400 400 (6) (7) (9) 
 400 400 400 Woodland Foods, LLC Food Beverage First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.50 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 8,336 8,172 8,170 1.0 (5) (6) (7) (9) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 5.50 , 6.5 Cash 12/21 12/27 125 93 92 (6) (7) (9) 
 Common Stock (1,204,461.64 shares) N/A 12/21 N/A 1,204 1,204 0.1 (6) 
 8,461 9,469 9,466 World 50, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 4.5 , 5.5 Cash 05/21 01/26 15,573 15,286 15,339 1.8 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 First Lien Senior Secured Term Loan LIBOR + 5.25 , 6.3 Cash 05/21 01/26 691 691 691 0.1 (5) (6) (7) (8) 
 16,264 15,977 16,030 Subtotal Non Control / Non Affiliate Investments (153.5 1,297,726 1,282,754 1,280,596 Affiliate Investments: (4) Eclipse Business Capital, LLC Banking, Finance, Insurance, Real Estate Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan 7.5 Cash 07/21 07/28 3,209 3,178 3,345 0.4 (6) 
 Revolver LIBOR + 7.25 07/21 07/28 1,283 1,194 1,283 0.2 (6) (9) 
 LLC Units (63,139,338 units) N/A 07/21 N/A 63,423 65,412 7.8 (6) 
 4,492 67,795 70,040 Thompson Rivers LLC Investment Funds Vehicles 6.4 Member Interest N/A 08/21 N/A 32,249 33,511 4.0 (3) 
 32,249 33,511 Waccamaw River LLC Investment Funds Vehicles 20 Member Interest N/A 08/21 N/A 13,720 13,501 1.6 (3) 
 13,720 13,501 Subtotal Affiliate Investments (14.0 4,492 113,764 117,052 Total Investments, December 31, 2021 (167.5 1,302,218 1,396,518 1,397,648 
 F-45 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 Foreign Currency Forward Contracts: Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 20,975 15,076 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 171 Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 15,106 A 20,975 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 (142) Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 15,068 A 20,961 BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (172) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 749 586 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 5 Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 587 749 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 (4) Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 633 808 BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (6) Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 2,141kr. 326 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 1 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 335 2,141kr. BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 7 Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 323 2,114kr. BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (2) Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 47,857 54,213 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 243 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 55,239 47,857 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 783 Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 111,330 98,201 BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (634) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 8,817 11,744 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 197 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 2,000 2,664 BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 45 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 11,828 8,817 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 (112) Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 2,717 2,000 BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 8 Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 13,907 10,446 BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (234) Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 610 415 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 3 Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 419 NZ 610 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 1 Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 416 NZ 614 BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (3) Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 5,421kr 600 BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 617 5,421kr BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 17 Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 607 5,483kr BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 17,957Fr. 19,530 BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 162 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 103Fr. 113 BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,264 17,957Fr. BNP Paribas SA 01/06/22 (428) Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 113 103Fr. BNP Paribas SA 01/07/22 Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,853 18,212Fr. BNP Paribas SA 04/08/22 (168) Total Foreign Currency Forward Contracts, December 31, 2021 (262) 

Fair value as a percentage of net assets. 
 (1) All debt investments are income producing, unless otherwise noted. Eclipse Business Capital, LLC, Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC equity investments are income producing. All other equity and any equity-linked investments are non-income producing. The Board determined in good faith that all investments were valued at fair value in accordance with the Company s valuation policies and procedures and the 1940 Act based on, among other things, the input of the Company s external investment adviser, Barings, the Company s Audit Committee and an independent valuation firm that has been engaged to assist in the valuation of the Company s middle-market equity and debt investments. In addition, all debt investments are variable rate investments unless otherwise noted. Index-based floating interest rates are generally subject to a contractual minimum interest rate. A majority of the variable rate loans in the Company s investment portfolio bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to LIBOR, EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, CHF LIBOR, BBSY, CDOR, STIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or an alternate Base Rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), which typically reset semi-annually, quarterly, or monthly at the borrower s option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. 
 (2) All of the Company s portfolio company investments (including joint venture investments), which as of December 31, 2021 represent ed 16 7.1 o f the Company s net assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. The acquisition date represents the date of the Company s initial investment in the relevant portfolio company. 
 (3) Investment is not a qualifying investment as defined under Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. Non-qualifying assets represent 22.1 of total investments at fair value as of December 31, 2021. Qualifying assets must represent at least 70 of total assets at the time of acquisition of any additional non-qualifying assets. If at any time qualifying assets do not represent at least 70 of the Company s total assets, the Company will be precluded from acquiring any additional non-qualifying asset until such time as it complies with the requirements of Section 55(a). 
 (4) As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an affiliated person of the portfolio company as the Company owns between 5 or more, up to 25 (inclusive), of the portfolio company's voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). Transactions related to investments in non-controlled "Affiliate Investments" for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 F-46 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (Continued) 
 December 31, 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share amounts) 

 May 10, 2021 Value Gross Additions (b) Gross Reductions (c) Amount of Realized Gain (Loss) Amount of Unrealized Gain (Loss) December 31, 2021 Value Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income(d) Portfolio Company Type of Investment(a) Eclipse Business Capital, LLC (e) 
 Second Lien Senior Secured Term Loan (7.5 Cash) 3,178 167 3,345 119,929 Revolver (LIBOR + 7.25 1,194 90 1,284 37,400 LLC units (63,139,338 units) 63,423 1,989 65,412 2,528,320 67,795 2,246 70,041 2,685,649 Thompson Rivers LLC 6.4 Member Interest 32,249 1,261 33,510 2,249,354 32,249 1,261 33,510 2,249,354 Waccamaw River LLC 20 Member Interest 13,720 (219) 13,501 280,000 13,720 (219) 13,501 280,000 Total Affiliate Investments 113,764 3,288 117,052 5,215,003 
 (a) Eclipse Business Capital, LLC, Thompson Rivers LLC and Waccamaw River LLC equity investments are income producing. 
 (b) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new investments and follow-on investments. 
 (c) Gross reductions include decreases in the total cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales. 
 (d) Represents the total amount of interest, fees or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was included in the Affiliate category. 
 (e) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (5) Some or all of the investment is or will be encumbered as security for BPC Funding LLC s 600.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with BNP Paribas. 
 (6) The fair value of the investment was determined using significant unobservable inputs. 
 (7) Debt investment includes interest rate floor feature. 
 (8) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.10125 . 
 (9) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.20913 . 
 (10) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.33875 . 
 (11) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month GBP LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.26225 . 
 (12) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month GBP LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.47363 . 
 (13) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month EURIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was -0.57200 . 
 (14) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month EURIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was -0.54600 . 
 (15) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 1 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.01500 . 
 (16) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.06770 . 
 (17) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month BBSY, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.21350 . 
 (18) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month STIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was -0.00050 . 
 (19) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month STIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was -0.00020 . 
 (20) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month CDOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.51750 . 
 (21) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month CHF LIBOR, which as of December 31, 2021 was -0.70280 . 
 (22) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month SONIA, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.33830 . 
 (23) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month SONIA, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.49870 . 
 (24) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 3 Month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.09125 . 
 (25) The interest rate on these loans is subject to 6 Month SOFR, which as of December 31, 2021 was 0.19947 . 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-47 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. Organization, Business, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 Organization and Business 
 Barings Private Credit Corporation BPCC or the Company was formed on April 2, 2021 as a Maryland limited liability company named Barings Private Credit LLC and commenced operations on May 10, 2021 with its Initial Closing (as defined below). The Company converted to a Maryland corporation, effective on May 13, 2021. The Company is an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, the Company has elected to be treated and intends to qualify annually as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). 
 The Company is a non-exchange traded, privately offered perpetual-life BDC, which is a BDC whose shares are not listed for trading on a stock exchange or other securities market. The Company uses the term privately offered perpetual-life BDC to describe an investment vehicle of indefinite duration, whose shares of common stock are intended to be sold by the BDC on a continuous basis in private offerings at a price equal to the BDC s net asset value per share. 
 Description of Business 
 The Company is a financial services company that primarily lends to and invests in senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. The Company is externally managed by Barings, an investment adviser that is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). The Adviser, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company MassMutual ), is a leading global asset management firm, with 347.3 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2022. 
 Formation Transactions/Initial Portfolio 
 On May 12, 2021, shortly prior to the Company s election to be regulated as a BDC and conversion to a Maryland corporation, the Company acquired from MassMutual and C.M. Life Insurance Company CM Life ), a subsidiary of MassMutual, a select portfolio of senior secured private debt investments in, and funding obligations to, well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries (the Initial Portfolio ). The Company used the net proceeds from its 450 million initial closing (the Initial Closing of its private continuous offering of up to 2,000,000,000 in shares of the Company s common stock (the Private Offering ), along with borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, to purchase the Initial Portfolio. 
 The investments in the Initial Portfolio were selected based upon the Company s defined investment objective, amount and type of unfunded obligations associated with each investment and the investment requirements set forth under the 1940 Act or otherwise imposed by applicable laws, rules or regulations, including in accordance with the Company s election to be treated as a RIC for tax purposes. 
 The aggregate purchase price for the Initial Portfolio was 602.4 million, which is equal to the sum of the fair values of each investment in the Initial Portfolio at the time of purchase of the Initial Portfolio, net of accrued fees associated with certain unfunded obligations in the Initial Portfolio. The investments in the Initial Portfolio were valued as of March 31, 2021 by an independent third-party valuation firm, provided that any investments in the Initial Portfolio acquired by MassMutual or CM Life after March 31, 2021 were initially valued at cost. In connection with the acquisition of the Initial Portfolio, Barings conducted certain valuation procedures to confirm whether there had been any material changes to the fair value of the investments and obligations in the Initial Portfolio from the previously determined fair value thereof and concluded that no purchase price adjustments were necessary given the absence of any such material changes. 
 F-48 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Basis of Presentation 
 The financial statements of the Company include the accounts of Barings Private Credit Corporation and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The effects of all intercompany transactions between the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries have been eliminated in consolidation. The Company is an investment company and, therefore, applies the specialized accounting and reporting guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. ASC Topic 946 states that consolidation by the Company of an investee that is not an investment company is not appropriate, except when the Company holds a controlling interest in an operating company that provides all or substantially all of its services directly to the Company or to its portfolio companies. None of the portfolio investments made by the Company qualify for this exception. Therefore, the Company s investment portfolio is carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value, as discussed further in Note 3, with any adjustments to fair value recognized as Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). All financial data and information included in these financial statements have been presented on the basis described above. Financial statements prepared on a U.S. GAAP basis require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates and assumptions could change in the future as more information becomes known, which could impact the amounts reported and disclosed herein. 
 Share Purchase Program 
 At the discretion of the Board, the Company commenced a share repurchase program in which the Company may repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5 of its shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of the previous calendar quarter. The Board may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program if it deems such action to be in the Company s best interest and the best interest of its stockholders. As a result, share repurchases may not be available each quarter. The Company intends to conduct such repurchase offers in accordance with the requirements of Rule 13e-4 promulgated under the Exchange Act and the 1940 Act and subject to compliance with applicable covenants and restrictions under our financing arrangements. All shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be redeemed and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. 
 Under the Company s share repurchase program, to the extent the Company offers to repurchase shares in any particular quarter, the Company expects to repurchase shares pursuant to tender offers using a purchase price equal to the net asset value per share as of the last calendar day of the applicable quarter; provided that, the Company and Barings have applied for exemptive relief from SEC that, if granted, will permit the Company to repurchase shares that have not been outstanding for at least one year at 98 of such net asset value pursuant to such tender offers (an Early Repurchase Deduction ). There can be no assurance that the SEC will issue such order for exemptive relief. The Early Repurchase Deduction may be waived in the case of re purchase requests arising from the death, divorce or qualified disability of the holder. The Early Repurchase Deduction will be retained by the Company for the benefit of remaining stockholders . 
 There were no share repurchases under the Company s share repurchase program during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update, 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ASU 2020-04 ). The amendments in ASU 2020-04 provide optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. In December 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, which deferred the sunset day of this guidance to December 31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 
 F-49 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Significant Accounting Policies 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The most significant estimate inherent in the preparation of our financial statements is the valuation of investments and the related amounts of unrealized appreciation and depreciation of investments recorded. We have a valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC Topic 820. Our current valuation policy and processes were established by Barings and were approved by the Board. 
 The Adviser conducts the valuation of the Company s investments, upon which the Company s net asset value is primarily based, in accordance with its valuation policy, as well as established and documented processes and methodologies for determining the fair values of portfolio company investments on a recurring (at least quarterly) basis in accordance with the 1940 Act and FASB ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC Topic 820 ). The Company's current valuation policy and processes were established by the Adviser and have been approved by the Board. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between a willing buyer and a willing seller at the measurement date. For the Company s portfolio securities, fair value is generally the amount that the Company might reasonably expect to receive upon the current sale of the security. Under ASC Topic 820, the fair value measurement assumes that the sale occurs in the principal market for the security, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the security. Under ASC Topic 820, if no market for the security exists or if the Company does not have access to the principal market, the security should be valued based on the sale occurring in a hypothetical market. 
 Under ASC Topic 820, there are three levels of valuation inputs, as follows: 
 Level 1 Inputs include quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Inputs include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3 Inputs include inputs that are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement. 
 A financial instrument is categorized within the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy based upon the lowest level of input to the valuation process that is significant to the fair value measurement. For example, a Level 3 fair value measurement may include inputs that are observable (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable (Level 3). Therefore, unrealized appreciation and depreciation related to such investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the tables below may include changes in fair value that are attributable to both observable inputs (Levels 1 and 2) and unobservable inputs (Level 3). 
 The Company s investment portfolio includes certain debt and equity instruments of privately held companies for which quoted prices or other observable inputs falling within the categories of Level 1 and Level 2 are generally not available. In such cases, the Adviser determines the fair value of the Company s investments in good faith primarily using Level 3 inputs. In certain cases, quoted prices or other observable inputs exist, and if so, the Adviser assesses the appropriateness of the use of these third-party quotes in determining fair value based on (i) its understanding of the level of actual transactions used by the broker to develop the quote and whether the quote was an indicative price or binding offer and (ii) the depth and consistency of broker quotes and the correlation of changes in broker quotes with the underlying performance of the portfolio company. 
 F-50 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 There is no single standard for determining fair value in good faith, as fair value depends upon the specific circumstances of each individual investment. The recorded fair values of the Company s Level 3 investments may differ significantly from fair values that would have been used had an active market for the securities existed. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. 
 Investment Valuation Process 
 The Board must determine fair value in good faith for any or all Company investments for which market quotations are not readily available. The Board has designated the Adviser as valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations relating to the value of the assets held by the Company for which market quotations are not readily available. The Adviser has established a pricing committee that is, subject to the oversight of the Board, responsible for the approval, implementation and oversight of the processes and methodologies that relate to the pricing and valuation of assets held by the Company. The Adviser uses independent third-party providers to price the portfolio, but in the event an acceptable price cannot be obtained from an approved external source, the Adviser will utilize alternative methods in accordance with internal pricing procedures established by the Adviser's pricing committee. 
 At least annually, the Adviser conducts reviews of the primary pricing vendors to validate that the inputs used in the vendors pricing process are deemed to be market observable. While the Adviser is not provided access to proprietary models of the vendors, the reviews have included on-site walkthroughs of the pricing process, methodologies and control procedures for each asset class and level for which prices are provided. The review also includes an examination of the underlying inputs and assumptions for a sample of individual securities across asset classes, credit rating levels and various durations, a process the Adviser continues to perform annually. In addition, the pricing vendors have an established challenge process in place for all security valuations, which facilitates identification and resolution of prices that fall outside expected ranges. The Adviser believes that the prices received from the pricing vendors are representative of prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (i.e., exit prices). 
 The Company s money market fund investments are generally valued using Level 1 inputs and its equity investments listed on an exchange or on the NASDAQ National Market System (if any) are valued using Level 1 inputs, using the last quoted sale price of that day. The Company s syndicated senior secured loans (if any) and structured product investments (if any) are generally valued using Level 2 inputs, which are generally valued at the bid quotation obtained from dealers in loans by an independent pricing service. The Company s middle-market, private debt and equity investments are generally valued using Level 3 inputs. 
 Independent Valuation 
 The fair value of loans and equity investments that are not syndicated or for which market quotations are not readily available, including middle-market loans, are generally submitted to independent providers to perform an independent valuation on those loans and equity investments as of the end of each quarter. Such loans and equity investments are initially held at cost, as that is a reasonable approximation of fair value on the acquisition date, and monitored for material changes that could affect the valuation (for example, changes in interest rates or the credit quality of the borrower). At the quarter end following that of the initial acquisition, such loans and equity investments are generally sent to a valuation provider which will determine the fair value of each investment. The independent valuation providers apply various methods (synthetic rating analysis, discounting cash flows, and re-underwriting analysis) to establish the rate of return a market participant would require (the discount rate as of the valuation date, given market conditions, prevailing lending standards and the perceived credit quality of the issuer. Future expected cash flows for each investment are discounted back to present value using these discount rates in the discounted cash flow analysis. A range of values will be provided by the valuation provider and the Adviser will determine the point within that range that it will use. If the Adviser s pricing committee disagrees with the price range provided, it may make a fair value recommendation to the Adviser that is outside of the range provided by the independent valuation provider and the reasons therefore. In certain instances, the Company may determine that it is not cost-effective, and as a result is not in the stockholders' best interests, to request an independent valuation firm to 
 F-51 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 perform an independent valuation on certain investments. Such instances include, but are not limited to, situations where the fair value of the investment in the portfolio company is determined to be insignificant relative to the total investment portfolio. 
 Valuation Inputs 
 The Adviser s valuation techniques are based upon both observable and unobservable pricing inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs reflect the Adviser s market assumptions. The Adviser s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. An independent pricing service provider is the preferred source of pricing a loan, however, to the extent the independent pricing service provider price is unavailable or not relevant and reliable, the Adviser will utilize alternative approaches such as broker quotes or manual prices. The Adviser attempts to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The availability of observable inputs can vary from investment to investment and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of markets and other characteristics particular to the security. 
 Valuation of Investment in Thompson Rivers and Waccamaw River 
 As Thompson Rivers and Waccamaw River are investment companies with no readily determinable fair values, the Adviser estimates the fair value of the Company s investments in these entities using net asset value of each company and the Company s ownership percentage as a practical expedient. The net asset value is determined in accordance with the specialized accounting guidance for investment companies. 
 Level 3 Unobservable Inputs 
 The following table summarizes the significant unobservable inputs the Company used in the valuation of its Level 3 debt and equity securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The weighted average range of unobservable inputs is based on fair value of investments. 
 F-52 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) 
 Fair Value Valuation Model Level 3 Input Range of Inputs Weighted Average Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input Senior debt and 1 st lien notes (1) 
 1,440,027 Yield Analysis Market Yield 7.2 30.8 11.4 Decrease 21,921 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Discount Rate 13.0 13.0 Decrease 262,514 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 96.7 100.0 97.5 Increase Subordinated debt and 2nd lien notes (2) 
 125,363 Yield Analysis Market Yield 9.3 16.6 13.0 Decrease 6,931 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple 9.0x 9.0x Increase 513 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 97.3 97.3 Increase Structured products (3) 
 7,584 Discounted Cash Flow Analysis Discount Rate 10.4 10.4 Decrease Equity shares 9,462 Yield Analysis Market Yield 15.7 17.8 16.6 Decrease 137,680 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple 6.5x 43.0x 10.7x Increase 1,406 Market Approach Revenue Multiple 6.5x 7.0x 6.8x Increase 220 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA/Revenue Multiple Blend 5.8x 5.8x Increase 3,219 Net Asset Approach Liabilities (8,942) (8,942) Decrease 5,326 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 0.00 4,673.00 516.37 Increase Equity warrants 1,083 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple 6.5x 17.5x 7.3x Increase 
 (1) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to 11,588, which the Adviser valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs were not readily available. 
 (2) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to 10,487, which the Adviser valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs were not readily available. 
 (3) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to 8,796, which the Adviser valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs were not readily available. 
 
 F-53 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) 
 Fair Value Valuation Model Level 3 Input Range of Inputs Weighted Average Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 636,184 Yield Analysis Market Yield 5.1 26.5 7.5 Decrease 502,634 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 97.0 99.0 97.9 Increase Subordinated debt and 2nd lien notes (1) 
 58,642 Yield Analysis Market Yield 5.3 20.5 9.6 Decrease 28,607 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 97.0 98.3 98.0 Increase Equity shares 71,037 Market Approach Adjusted EBITDA Multiple 6.5x 54.0x 15.3x Decrease 3,968 Recent Transaction Transaction Price 1.0 1,000 134.24 Increase 
 (1) Excludes investments with an aggregate fair value amounting to 4,975, which the Company valued using unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs were not readily available. 
 Unsettled Purchases and Sales of Investments 
 Investment transactions are recorded based on the trade date of the transaction. As a result, unsettled purchases and sales are recorded as payables and receivables from unsettled transactions, respectively. While purchase and sales of the Company s syndicated senior secured loans (if any) generally settle on a T+7 basis, the settlement period will sometimes extend past the scheduled settlement. In such cases, the Company is contractually owed and recognizes interest income equal to the applicable margin ("spread") beginning on the T+7 date. Such income is accrued as interest receivable and is collected upon settlement of the investment transaction. 
 Realized Gain or Loss and Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation of Portfolio Investments 
 Realized gains or losses are recorded upon the sale or liquidation of investments and are calculated as the difference between the net proceeds from the sale or liquidation, if any, and the cost basis of the investment using the specific identification method. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the difference between the fair value of the investments and the cost basis of the investments. 
 Investment Classification 
 In accordance with the provisions of the 1940 Act, the Company classifies investments by level of control. As defined in the 1940 Act, Control Investments are investments in those companies that the Company is deemed to Control. Affiliate Investments are investments in those companies that are Affiliated Persons of the Company, as defined in the 1940 Act, other than Control Investments. Non-Control / Non-Affiliate Investments are those that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. Generally, under the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to control a company in which it has invested if the Company owns more than 25.0 of the voting securities (i.e., securities with the right to elect directors) and/or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not Control any of its portfolio companies for the purposes of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be an Affiliated Person of a company in which the Company has invested if it owns at least 5.0 , but no more than 25.0 , of the outstanding voting securities of such company 
 Cash 
 Cash consists of deposits held at a custodian bank and restricted cash pledged as collateral for certain derivative instruments. Cash is carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The Company places its cash with financial institutions and, at times, cash may exceed insured limits under applicable law. 
 F-54 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Short-Term Investments 
 Short-term investments represent investments in money market funds. 
 Investment Income 
 Interest income, including amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. Generally, when interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if the Company otherwise does not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The Company writes off any previously accrued and uncollected interest when it is determined that interest is no longer considered collectible. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one investment that was on non-accrual. As of December 31, 2021, the Company no non-accrual assets. Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on common equity is recorded on the ex-dividend date. 
 Payment-in-Kind Interest 
 The Company currently holds, and expects to hold in the future, some loans in its portfolio that contain PIK interest provisions. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement, is periodically added to the principal balance of the loan, rather than being paid to the Company in cash, and is recorded as interest income. Thus, the actual collection of PIK interest may be deferred until the time of debt principal repayment. 
 PIK interest, which is a non-cash source of income at the time of recognition, is included in the Company s taxable income and therefore affects the amount the Company is required to distribute to its stockholders to maintain its tax treatment as a RIC for federal income tax purposes, even though the Company has not yet collected the cash. Generally, when current cash interest and/or principal payments on a loan become past due, or if the Company otherwise does not expect the borrower to be able to service its debt and other obligations, the Company will place the loan on non-accrual status and will generally cease recognizing PIK interest income on that loan for financial reporting purposes until all principal and interest have been brought current through payment or due to a restructuring such that the interest income is deemed to be collectible. The Company writes off any accrued and uncollected PIK interest when it is determined that the PIK interest is no longer collectible. 
 Fee Income 
 Origination, facility, commitment, consent and other advance fees received in connection with loan agreements Loan Origination Fees are recorded as deferred income and recognized as investment income over the term of the loan. Upon prepayment of a loan, any unamortized Loan Origination Fees are recorded as investment income. In the general course of its business, the Company receives certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, structuring fees, covenant waiver fees and loan amendment fees, and are recorded as investment income when earned. 
 F-55 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Fee income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 , was as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Recurring Fee Income: Amortization of loan origination fees 6,633 2,686 Management, valuation and other fees 1,783 341 Total Recurring Fee Income 8,416 3,027 Non-Recurring Fee Income: Prepayment fees 241 247 Acceleration of unamortized loan origination fees 3,910 3,157 Advisory, loan amendment and other fees 1,071 459 Total Non-Recurring Fee Income 5,222 3,863 Total Fee Income 13,638 6,890 
 Offering Expenses 
 Costs associated with the offering of common stock of the Company are capitalized as deferred offering expenses and included on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in "Prepaid expenses and other assets" and amortized over a twelve-month period from incurrence. These expenses consist primarily of legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with the Company s private offering of common stock and the preparation of the Company s registration statement on Form 10. 
 Other General and Administrative Expenses 
 Other general and administrative expenses include Board fees, D O insurance costs, offering costs, legal and accounting expenses, expenses reimbursable to the Adviser under the terms of an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement and other costs related to operating the Company. 
 Deferred Financing Fees 
 Costs incurred to issue debt are capitalized and are amortized over the term of the debt agreements using the effective interest method. 
 Segments 
 The Company lends to and invests in customers in various industries. The Company separately evaluates the performance of each of its lending and investment relationships. However, because each of these loan and investment relationships has similar business and economic characteristics, they have been aggregated into a single lending and investment segment. All applicable segment disclosures are included in or can be derived from the Company s financial statements. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no individual investments representing greater than 10 of the fair value of the Company s portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s largest single portfolio company investment represented approximately 4.7 and 5.0 , respectively, of the fair value of the Company s portfolio, exclusive of short-term investments. Income, consisting of interest, dividends, fees, other investment income and realization of gains or losses, can fluctuate dramatically upon repayment of an investment or sale of an equity interest and in any given year can be highly concentrated among several portfolio companies. 
 F-56 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022, all of BPC Funding LLC s BPC Funding assets were pledged (or will be pledged when the related investment purchase settles) as collateral for the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 The Company places its cash with financial institutions and, at times, cash may exceed insured limits under applicable law. 
 Financial and Derivative Instruments 
 Pursuant to ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging, certain derivative instruments entered into by the Company are designated as hedging instruments. For all derivative instruments designated as a hedge, the entire change in the fair value of the hedging instrument is recorded in the same line item of the Consolidated Statements of Operations as the hedged item. The Company s derivative instruments are used to hedge the Company s fixed rate debt, and therefore both the periodic payment and the change in fair value for the effective hedge, if applicable, are recognized as components of interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swaps is based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 Investments Denominated in Foreign Currency 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company held 18 investments that were denominated in Australian dollars, two investments that were denominated in Canadian dollars, one investment that was denominated in Danish kroner, 65 investments that were denominated in Euros, one investment that was denominated in Swiss francs, one investment that was denominated in Swedish krona, two investments that were denominated in New Zealand dollars, one investment that was denominated in Norwegian krone and 29 investments that were denominated in British pounds sterling. As of December 31, 2021, the Company held 14 investments that were denominated in Australian dollars, one investment that was denominated in Canadian dollars, one investment that was denominated in Danish kroner, 49 investments that were denominated in Euros, two investments that were denominated in Swiss francs, two investments that were denominated in Swedish krona, one investment that was denominated in New Zealand dollars and 22 investments that were denominated in British pounds sterling. 
 At each balance sheet date, portfolio company investments denominated in foreign currencies are translated into United States dollars using the spot exchange rate on the last business day of the period. Purchases and sales of foreign portfolio company investments, and any income from such investments, are translated into United States dollars using the rates of exchange prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 
 Although the fair values of foreign portfolio company investments and the fluctuation in such fair values are translated into United States dollars using the applicable foreign exchange rates described above, the Company does not separately report that portion of the change in fair values resulting from foreign currency exchange rates fluctuations from the change in fair values of the underlying investment. All fluctuations in fair value are included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company entered into forward currency contracts primarily to help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the Company's investments denominated in foreign currencies. Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on foreign currency contracts are included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions and net realized gains or losses on forward currency contracts are included in Net realized gains (losses) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Investments denominated in foreign currencies and foreign currency transactions may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with those of domestic origin, including unanticipated movements in the value of the foreign currency relative to the U.S. Dollar. 
 F-57 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Dividends and Distributions 
 Dividends and distributions to common stockholders are approved by the Board and dividends payable are recorded on the ex-dividend date. 
 The Company has adopted a dividend reinvestment plan DRIP that provides for reinvestment of dividends on behalf of its stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash. As a result, when the Company declares a dividend, stockholders who have not opted out of the DRIP will have their dividends automatically reinvested in shares of the Company s common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends. 
 The table below summarizes the Company s dividends and distributions in the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Declared Record Payable Per Share Amount Amount Paid in Cash Amount Settled via Newly Issued Shares Total August 5, 2021 September 8, 2021 September 15, 2021 0.40 12,398 12,398 November 9, 2021 November 24, 2021 December 1, 2021 0.41 14,224 14,224 Total 2021 dividends and distributions 0.81 26,622 26,622 February 23, 2022 March 9, 2022 March 16, 2022 0.42 16,971 126 17,097 May 5, 2022 June 8, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.43 22,054 129 22,183 August 9, 2022 September 27, 2022 September 29, 2022 0.44 22,834 41 22,875 October 13, 2022 October 26, 2022 October 28, 2022 0.15 7,774 49 7,823 October 13, 2022 November 25, 2022 November 29, 2022 0.15 7,863 50 7,913 October 13, 2022 December 27, 2022 December 29, 2022 0.15 7,880 56 7,936 Total 2022 dividends and distributions 1.74 85,376 451 85,827 
 Per Share Amounts 
 Per share amounts included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations are computed by dividing net investment income and net increase in net assets resulting from operations by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. As the Company has no common stock equivalents outstanding, diluted per share amounts are the same as basic per share amounts. Net asset value per share is computed by dividing total net assets by the number of common shares outstanding as of the end of the period. 
 
 2. Agreements and Related Party Transactions 
 Advisory Agreement 
 Pursuant to the terms of an amended and restated investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement ), Barings manages the Company s day-to-day operations and provides the Company with investment advisory services. Among other things, the Adviser (i) determines the composition of the portfolio of the Company, the nature and timing of the changes therein and the manner of implementing such changes; (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments made by the Company; (iii) executes, closes, services and monitors the investments that the Company makes; (iv) determines the securities and other assets that the Company will purchase, retain or sell; (v) performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies and (vi) provides the Company with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Company may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its funds. 
 The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent fraud, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Adviser, and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser (collectively, the IA Indemnified Parties ), are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs, demands, charges, claims and expenses (including reasonable 
 F-58 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) incurred by the IA Indemnified Parties in or by reason of any pending, threatened or completed action, suit, investigation or other proceeding (including an action or suit by or in the right of the Company or its security holders) arising out of any actions or omissions or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser of the Company. The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and the Adviser is generally free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its performance under the Advisory Agreement is not adversely affected. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Company pays the Adviser (i) a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and (ii) an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee as compensation for the investment advisory and management services it provides the Company thereunder. 
 Base Management Fee 
 The Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 0.75 of the Company s average gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage but excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents (as defined below) and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments. For services rendered under the Advisory Agreement, the Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears on a calendar quarter basis. The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of the Company s gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters prior to the quarter for which such fees are being calculated; provided, that upon the end of the first calendar quarter following the Initial Closing, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on the value of the Company s gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) as of such calendar quarter-end; provided further, that upon the end of the second calendar quarter following the Initial Closing, the Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of the Company s gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of each of the first two calendar quarters following the Initial Closing (including the quarter for which such fees are being calculated). 
 The Base Management Fee for any partial quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. All or any part of the Base Management Fee not taken as to any quarter will be deferred without interest and may be taken in any quarter prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event (if any). For purposes of the Advisory Agreement, cash equivalents means U.S. government securities, money market fund investments, commercial paper instruments and other similar cash equivalent investments maturing within one year of purchase. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Base Management Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement was 11.8 million and 3.7 million, respectively. The Adviser voluntarily agreed to waive the Base Management Fee of 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2021, which resulted in a net Base Management Fee of 2.2 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 after taking into account the waiver. The Adviser did not waive any portion of the base management fee for the three months ended December 31, 2021. Any portion of the Base Management Fee waived is not subject to recoupment in subsequent periods. As of December 31, 2022, the Base Management fee of 3.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022 and 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022, were unpaid and included in Base management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Base Management fee of 1.5 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021 was unpaid and included in Base management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The Incentive Fee 
 The Incentive Fee under the Advisory Agreement is based on the Company s income, as described below. 
 No portion of the Incentive Fee will be payable until the completion of the first full calendar quarter following the one-year anniversary of the initial effective date of the Advisory Agreement, May 13, 2021 (the Initial Effective Date ). Upon the completion of the first full calendar quarter following the one-year anniversary of the Initial Effective Date and thereafter, the Incentive Fee will be determined and paid quarterly in arrears based on the amount 
 F-59 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 by which (x) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) in respect of the then-current calendar quarter and the three preceding calendar quarters (the Trailing Twelve Months ), exceeds (y) the Hurdle Amount (as defined below) in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months. The Hurdle Amount will be determined on a quarterly basis, and will be calculated by multiplying 8.0 by the average of the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued during the calendar quarter (including, without limitation, the Base Management Fee, administration expenses and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). For the avoidance of doubt, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 The calculation of the Incentive Fee for each quarter will be as follows: 
 No Incentive Fee will be payable to the Adviser in any calendar quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months does not exceed the Hurdle Amount; 
 100 of the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Amount but is less than or equal to an amount (the Catch-Up Amount determined on a quarterly basis by multiplying 8.889 by the average of the Company s net asset value at the beginning of each applicable calendar quarter comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. The Catch-Up Amount is intended to provide the Adviser with an Incentive Fee of 10 on all of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income when the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income reaches the Catch-Up Amount for the Trailing Twelve Months; and 
 For any quarter in which the Company s aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the Trailing Twelve Months exceeds the Catch-Up Amount, the Incentive Fee will equal 10 of the amount of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for such Trailing Twelve Months, as the Hurdle Amount and Catch-Up Amount will have been achieved. 
 Subject to the Incentive Fee Cap (discussed below), the amount of the Incentive Fee that will be paid to Barings for a particular quarter will equal the aggregate Incentive Fee calculated as set forth above, less the aggregate Incentive Fees that were paid to Barings in the preceding three calendar quarters (or portion thereof) comprising the relevant Trailing Twelve Months. 
 The Incentive Fee is subject to a cap (the Incentive Fee Cap ). The Incentive Fee Cap in any quarter is an amount equal to (x) 0.50 of the average value of the Company s gross assets (excluding (i) cash and cash equivalents and (ii) net unsettled purchases and sales of investments) at the end of each quarter during the Trailing Twelve Months and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the Average TTM Gross Assets ), or (y) in the event that the Company s Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months is less than 9.0 , the Incentive Fee Cap will equal 0.20 of the Average TTM Gross Assets; provided that, if the Incentive Fee Cap as calculated in clause (x) of this paragraph applies in any quarter, in no event will the Company pay any incentive fee (or portion thereof) during such quarter to the extent that it would cause the Cumulative Net Investor Return (as defined below) during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months to be reduced to an amount below what the Cumulative Net Investor Return during such period would have been if the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter had been calculated in accordance with clause (y) of this paragraph . 
 For purposes of the Advisory Agreement: 
 Cumulative Net Investor Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months means (1) (a) the Company s aggregate interest income, dividend income and any other income (including, without limitation, any accrued income that the Company has not yet received in cash and any other fees such as commitment, origination, 
 F-60 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that the Company receives from portfolio companies, but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation) accrued during the period, minus the Company s operating expenses accrued during the period (including, without limitation, the base management fee, administration expenses, any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock and the incentive fee) in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months less (b) any Net Capital Loss (if positive), in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months, divided by (2) the average of the Company s net asset values measured at the beginning of each quarter in the Trailing Twelve Months . 
 Cumulative Pre-Incentive Fee Net Return during the relevant Trailing Twelve Months means (1) (a) the aggregate Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months less (b) any Net Capital Loss (if positive), in respect of the Trailing Twelve Months, divided by (2) the average of the Company s net asset values measured at the beginning of each quarter in the Trailing Twelve Months. 
 Net Capital Loss in respect of a particular period means the difference, if positive, between (i) aggregate capital losses on the Company s assets, whether realized or unrealized, in such period and (ii) aggregate capital gains or other gains on the Company s assets, whether realized or unrealized, in such period. 
 If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is zero or a negative value, the Company will pay no Incentive Fee to Barings in that quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is a positive value but is less than the Incentive Fee as calculated above, the Company will pay Barings the Incentive Fee Cap for such quarter. If, in any quarter, the Incentive Fee Cap is equal to or greater than the Incentive Fee as calculated above, the Company will pay Barings the Incentive Fee for such quarter without regard to the Incentive Fee Cap. 
 The fees that are payable under the Advisory Agreement for any partial period will be appropriately prorated. The fees are calculated using detailed policies and procedures approved by Barings and the Board, including a majority of the Independent Directors, and such policies and procedures are consistent with the description of the calculation of the fees set forth above. 
 Barings may elect to defer or waive all or a portion of the fees that would otherwise be paid to it in its sole discretion. Any portion of a fee not taken as to any period will be deferred without interest and may be taken in any such other period prior to the occurrence of a liquidity event (if any) as Barings may determine in its sole discretion. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Incentive Fee determined in accordance with the terms of the Advisory Agreement was 3.1 million. For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company did not incur any Incentive Fees. As of December 31, 2022, the Incentive Fee of 0.9 million for the three months ended December 31, 2022 was unpaid and included in Incentive management fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The Advisory Agreement has an initial term of two years. Thereafter, it shall continue automatically for successive one-year periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (i) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company and (ii) the vote of a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, (i) by the vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Company or (ii) by the vote of the Board, or (iii) by the Adviser upon 90 days' written notice. The Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act). 
 Payment of Expenses 
 All investment professionals of Barings and its staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services under the Advisory Agreement, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by Barings and not by the 
 F-61 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Company. The Company bears all other costs and expenses of its operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 organizational and offering expenses; 
 investment advisory and management fees payable under the Advisory Agreement; 
 all other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by the Company or Barings in connection with administering the Company s business (including payments under the Administration Agreement (as defined below) based upon the Company s allocable portion of Barings overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs); and 
 all other expenses of the Company s operations and transactions, including those listed in the Advisory Agreement. 
 Sub-Advisory Agreement 
 Barings has retained Baring International Investment Limited BIIL ), its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, as a sub-adviser to manage the Company s European investments, pursuant to the terms of a sub-advisory agreement (the Sub-Advisory Agreement ). BIIL is an investment adviser registered with the SEC in the United States and the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom with its principal office located in London, England. 
 Under the terms of the Sub-Advisory Agreement and except as expressly provided for therein, BIIL provides advisory services with respect to the Company s European investments on terms and conditions that are, as far as possible, identical to the terms and conditions under which Barings itself serves as its investment adviser under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, except as expressly set forth in the Sub-Advisory Agreement, BIIL is entitled to the same rights and protections as Barings is under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Barings maintains oversight responsibilities for BIIL s activities as they relate to the Company s investment portfolio (including BIIL s compliance with the requirements set out, referred to or contemplated by the Advisory Agreement), but BIIL is not under the day-to-day direction and supervision of Barings with respect to such activities; provided, however, that Barings retains ultimate discretion over the selection, acquisition and disposal of assets to or from the Company s investment portfolio. Barings, and not the Company, is solely responsible for paying compensation to BIIL, which amount shall be a portion of the management fees paid by the Company to Barings under the Advisory Agreement, as agreed to between Barings and BIIL from time to time. 
 This Sub-Advisory Agreement will continue in effect for two years from its initial effective date, May 13, 2021, and thereafter will continue automatically for successive annual periods, provided that such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by (1) the vote of the Board, or by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, and (2) the vote of a majority of the Company s directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Sub-Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, upon 60 days written notice, (1) by the vote of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities, (2) by the vote of the Board, (3) by Barings, or (4) by BIIL. The Sub-Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its or the Advisory Agreement s assignment (as such term is defined for purposes of Section 15(a)(4) of the 1940 Act) or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, BIIL had approximately 16.0 billion in assets under management. 
 F-62 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Administration Agreement 
 Under the terms of an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Adviser, the Adviser also performs (or oversees, or arranges for, the performance of) the administrative services necessary for the Company to operate (in such capacity, the Administrator ), including, but not limited to, providing office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services at such office facilities and such other services as the Administrator, subject to review by the Board, from time to time, determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The Administrator also, on behalf of the Company and subject to oversight by the Board, arranges for the services of, and oversees, custodians, depositories, transfer agents, dividend disbursing agents, other stockholder servicing agents, accountants, attorneys, underwriters, brokers and dealers, corporate fiduciaries, insurers, banks and such other persons in any such other capacity deemed to be necessary or desirable. 
 The Company reimburses Barings for the costs and expenses incurred by it in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement in an amount negotiated and mutually agreed to by the Company and Barings quarterly in arrears. In no event will the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount exceed the amount of expenses that would otherwise be reimbursable by the Company under the Administration Agreement for the applicable quarterly period, and Barings will not be entitled to the recoupment of any amounts in excess of the agreed-upon quarterly expense amount. 
 The costs and expenses incurred by the Administrator on behalf of the Company under the Administration Agreement include, but are not limited to: 
 the allocable portion of the Administrator s rent for the Company s Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the usage thereof by such personnel in connection with their performance of administrative services under the Administration Agreement; 
 the allocable portion of the salaries, bonuses, benefits and expenses of the Company s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs, which is based upon the allocable portion of the time spent by such personnel in connection with performing administrative services for the Company under the Administration Agreement; 
 the actual cost of goods and services used for the Company and obtained by the Administrator from entities not affiliated with the Company, which is reasonably allocated to the Company on the basis of assets, revenues, time records or other methods conforming with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 all fees, costs and expenses associated with the engagement of a sub-administrator, if any; and 
 costs associated with (a) the monitoring and preparation of regulatory reporting, including filings with the SEC and tax reporting, (b) the coordination and oversight of service provider activities and the direct cost of such contractual matters related thereto and (c) the preparation of all financial statements and the coordination and oversight of audits, regulatory inquiries, certifications and sub-certifications. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and was invoiced by the Administrator expenses of approximately 2.0 million and 0.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, administrative expenses of 0.5 million incurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 were unpaid and included in Administrative fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2021, administrative expenses of 0.3 million incurred during the three months ended December 31, 2021 were unpaid and included in Administrative fees payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 The Administration Agreement has an initial term of two years and thereafter will continue automatically for successive one-year periods so long as such continuance is specifically approved at least annually by the Board, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act. The Administration Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty, by vote of the 
 F-63 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Board, or by the Adviser, upon 90 days written notice to the other party. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by a party without the consent of the other party. 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 The Company has entered into an expense support agreement (the Expense Support Agreement with Barings, pursuant to which Barings may elect to pay certain of the Company s expenses on its behalf Expense Payment ), including organization and offering expenses, provided that no portion of the payment will be used to pay any interest expense or distribution and/or shareholder servicing fees of the Company (if applicable following receipt, if any, of the multi-class exemptive relief from SEC that, if granted, will permit the Company to issue multiple classes of shares of its common stock with varying sales loads, contingent deferred sales charges, and/or asset-based service and/or distribution fees ). Any Expense Payment that Barings commits to pay must be paid by Barings to the Company in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds no later than forty-five days after such commitment is made in writing, and/or offset against amounts due from us to Barings or its affiliates. 
 Following any calendar quarter in which Available Operating Funds (as defined below) exceed the cumulative distributions accrued to the Company s stockholders based on distributions declared with respect to record dates occurring in such calendar quarter (the amount of such excess referred to herein as Excess Operating Funds ), the Company will pay such Excess Operating Funds, or a portion thereof, to Barings until such time as all Expense Payments made by Barings to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter have been reimbursed. Any payments required to be made by the Company under the Expense Support Agreement are referred to herein as a Reimbursement Payment. Available Operating Funds means the sum of (i) the Company s net investment company taxable income (including net short-term capital gains reduced by net long-term capital losses), (ii) the Company s net capital gains (including the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses) and (iii) dividends and other distributions paid to the Company on account of investments in portfolio companies (to the extent such amounts listed in clause (iii) are not included under clauses (i) and (ii) above). 
 The amount of the Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will equal the lesser of (i) the Excess Operating Funds in such quarter and (ii) the aggregate amount of all Expense Payments made by Barings to the Company within three years prior to the last business day of such calendar quarter that have not been previously reimbursed by the Company to Barings; provided that Barings may waive its right to receive all or a portion of any Reimbursement Payment in any particular calendar quarter, in which case such waived amount will remain unreimbursed Expense Payments reimbursable in future quarters pursuant to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 The Company s obligation to make a Reimbursement Payment will automatically become a liability of the Company on the last business day of the applicable calendar quarter, except to the extent Barings has waived its right to receive such payment for the applicable quarter. The Reimbursement Payment for any calendar quarter will be paid by the Company to Barings in any combination of cash or other immediately available funds as promptly as possible following such calendar quarter and in no event later than forty-five days after the end of such calendar quarter. 
 Either the Company or Barings may terminate the Expense Support Agreement at any time, with or without notice, without the payment of any penalty, provided that any Expense Payments that have not been reimbursed by the Company to Barings will remain the obligation of the Company following any such termination, subject to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 There were no Expense Payments or Reimbursement Payments made during the year ended December 31, 2022, or for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021. 
 
 3. Investments 
 Portfolio Composition 
 The Company predominately invests in senior secured private debt investments in well-established middle-market businesses that operate across a wide range of industries. The Adviser s existing SEC co-investment 
 F-64 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 exemptive relief under the 1940 Act permits the Company and the Adviser s affiliated private funds and SEC regulated funds to co-invest in loans originated by the Adviser, which allows the Adviser to efficiently implement its senior secured private debt investment strategy for the Company. 
 The cost basis of the Company s debt investments includes any unamortized purchased premium or discount, unamortized loan origination fees and PIK interest, if any. Summaries of the composition of the Company s investment portfolio at cost and fair value, and as a percentage of total investments and net assets, are shown in the following table: 
 in thousands 
 Cost Percent of Total Portfolio Fair Value Percent of Total Portfolio Percent of Total Net Assets December 31, 2022: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,817,043 83 1,777,492 82 163 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 169,463 8 163,899 8 15 Structured products 28,560 1 25,022 1 2 Equity shares 130,616 6 158,131 7 15 Equity warrants 4 1,083 Investment in joint ventures 41,815 2 32,253 2 3 2,187,501 100 2,157,880 100 198 December 31, 2021: 
 Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 1,144,755 82 1,141,252 82 137 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 113,999 8 114,779 8 14 Structured products 19,261 2 19,566 2 2 Equity shares 72,534 5 75,040 5 9 Investment in joint ventures 45,969 3 47,011 3 6 1,396,518 100 1,397,648 100 168 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made new investments totaling 733.2 million, made additional investments in existing portfolio companies totaling 283.5 million and made additional investments in existing joint venture equity portfolio companies totaling 8.9 million. 
 For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company purchased the Initial Portfolio from MassMutual and CM Life for an aggregate purchase price of 602.4 million, made new investments totaling 722.7 million, made additional investments in existing portfolio companies purchased from MassMutual and CM Life totaling 168.5 million, made new joint venture equity investments totaling 46.0 million and made a 63.4 million equity co-investment alongside certain affiliates in a portfolio company focused on directly originated, senior-secured asset-based loans to middle-market companies. 
 F-65 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Industry Composition 
 The industry composition of investments at fair value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, excluding short-term investments, was as follows: 
 in thousands) December 31, 2022 Percent of Portfolio December 31, 2021 Percent of Portfolio Aerospace and Defense 101,192 4.7 49,184 3.5 Automotive 54,357 2.5 51,013 3.7 Banking, Finance, Insurance and Real Estate 270,117 12.5 153,347 11.0 Beverage, Food and Tobacco 21,389 1.0 18,900 1.3 Capital Equipment 60,393 2.8 23,589 1.7 Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber 34,679 1.6 12,880 0.9 Construction and Building 23,802 1.1 18,783 1.3 Consumer goods: Durable 29,699 1.4 16,562 1.2 Consumer goods: Non-durable 35,567 1.6 35,762 2.6 Containers, Packaging and Glass 47,828 2.2 19,518 1.4 Environmental Industries 60,035 2.8 9,440 0.7 Forest Products and Paper 2,176 0.2 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 197,319 9.1 133,275 9.5 High Tech Industries 346,180 16.0 253,273 18.1 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 20,211 0.9 9,571 0.7 Investment Funds and Vehicles 32,253 1.5 47,011 3.4 Media: Advertising, Printing and Publishing 35,399 1.6 21,493 1.5 Media: Broadcasting and Subscription 9,372 0.5 5,304 0.4 Media: Diversified and Production 29,337 1.4 24,082 1.7 Metals and Mining 7,442 0.3 Services: Business 371,974 17.3 277,455 19.9 Services: Consumer 99,808 4.6 63,838 4.6 Structured Products 46,943 2.2 9,811 0.7 Telecommunications 20,922 1.0 12,588 0.9 Transportation: Cargo 142,437 6.6 109,154 7.8 Transportation: Consumer 48,878 2.3 18,392 1.3 Utilities: Electric 10,347 0.5 1,247 0.1 Total 2,157,880 100.0 1,397,648 100.0 
 The following tables present the Company s investment portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, categorized by the ASC Topic 820 valuation hierarchy, as previously described: 
 
 F-66 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Fair Value as of December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 41,442 1,736,050 1,777,492 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 20,605 143,294 163,899 Structured products 8,642 16,380 25,022 Equity shares 53 765 157,313 158,131 Equity warrants 1,083 1,083 Investments subject to leveling 53 71,454 2,054,120 2,125,627 Investment in joint ventures(1) 32,253 2,157,880 Fair Value as of December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Senior debt and 1 st lien notes 
 2,434 1,138,818 1,141,252 Subordinated debt and 2 nd lien notes 
 22,555 92,224 114,779 Structured products 19,566 19,566 Equity shares 35 75,005 75,040 Investments subject to leveling 35 44,555 1,306,047 1,350,637 Investment in joint ventures(1) 47,011 1,397,648 
 (1) The Company's investments in Thompson Rivers and Waccamaw River are measured at fair value using net asset value and have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amount presented in this table is intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The following tables reconcile the beginning and ending balances of the Company s investment portfolio measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt 
 and 1 st Lien 
 Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Structured Products Equity Shares Equity Warrants Total Fair value, beginning of period 1,138,818 92,224 75,005 1,306,047 New investments 833,815 57,836 10,000 50,329 4 951,984 Transfers into Level 3, net 452 (133) 9,811 3,518 13,648 Proceeds from sales of investments 980 (573) 407 Loan origination fees received (19,461) (844) (20,305) Principal repayments received (185,544) (1,645) (714) (187,903) Payment in kind interest/dividends 2,945 2,064 1,468 6,477 Accretion of loan premium/discount 145 104 249 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 10,134 270 10,404 Realized loss (10,047) (1,895) (11,942) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (36,187) (4,114) (2,717) 26,993 1,079 (14,946) Fair value, end of period 1,736,050 143,294 16,380 157,313 1,083 2,054,120 
 F-67 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021: 
 in thousands) 
 Senior Debt 
 and 1 st Lien 
 Notes 
 Subordinated Debt and 2 nd Lien Notes 
 Equity Shares Total Fair value, beginning of period New investments 801,252 54,772 72,493 928,517 Investments purchased from MassMutual 495,738 88,836 584,574 Loan origination fees received (20,740) (1,681) (22,421) Principal repayments received (138,087) (51,600) (189,687) Payment in kind interest 262 5 267 Accretion of loan premium/discount 3 3 Accretion of deferred loan origination revenue 4,283 1,477 5,760 Realized loss (403) (69) (472) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (3,490) 484 2,512 (494) Fair value, end of period 1,138,818 92,224 75,005 1,306,047 
 All realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation are included in earnings (changes in net assets) and are reported on separate line items within the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. Pre-tax net unrealized depreciation on Level 3 investments of 23.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, was related to portfolio company investments that were still held by the Company as of December 31, 2022. Pre-tax net unrealized appreciation on Level 3 investments of 0.5 million for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, was related to portfolio company investments that were still held by the Company as of December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made investments of approximately 934.5 million in portfolio companies to which it was not previously contractually committed to provide such financing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made investments of 91.1 million in portfolio companies to which it was previously committed to provide such financing. 
 Thompson Rivers LLC 
 On April 28, 2020, Thompson Rivers LLC Thompson Rivers was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a limited liability company agreement governing Thompson Rivers. Under Thompson Rivers current operating agreement, as amended to date, the Company has a capital commitment of 30.0 million of equity capital to Thompson Rivers, all of which has been funded as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate commitments to Thompson Rivers by the Company and the other members under the current operating agreement total 450.0 million, all of which has been funded. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Thompson Rivers declared 261.9 million in dividends, of which 3.6 million was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 13.0 million of the dividends as a return of capital. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Thompson Rivers had 890.9 million in Ginnie Mae early buyout loans and 65.1 million in cash. As of December 31, 2021, Thompson Rivers had 3.1 billion in Ginnie Mae early buyout loans and 220.6 million in cash. As of December 31, 2022, Thompson Rivers had 5,414 outstanding loans with an average unpaid balance of 0.2 million and weighted average coupon of 4.0 . As of December 31, 2021, Thompson Rivers had 15,617 outstanding loans with an average unpaid balance of 0.2 million and weighted average coupon of 4.0 . 
 F-68 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Thompson Rivers investment portfolio consisted of the following investments: 
 in thousands) Cost Percentage of Total Portfolio Fair Value Percentage of Total Portfolio December 31, 2022: 
 Federal Housing Administration FHA loans 864,625 91 811,358 91 Veterans Affairs VA loans 84,654 9 79,553 9 949,279 100 890,911 100 December 31, 2021: 
 Federal Housing Administration FHA loans 2,799,869 93 2,839,495 93 Veterans Affairs VA loans 224,660 7 223,540 7 3,024,529 100 3,063,035 100 
 Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately 224.2 million and 694.8 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with Bank of America N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately 428.0 million and 1,245.2 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Thompson Rivers repurchase agreement with Barclays Bank, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately 184.2 million and 933.1 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has determined that Thompson Rivers is an investment company under ASC, Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies , however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary, which is an extension of the operations of the Company, or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in Thompson Rivers as it is not a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. In addition, Thompson Rivers is not an operating company and the Company does not control Thompson Rivers due to the allocation of voting rights among Thompson Rivers members. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Thompson Rivers had the following contributed capital and unfunded commitments from its members: 
 in thousands) As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 As of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total contributed capital by Barings Private Credit Corporation(1) 32,226 32,249 Total contributed capital by all members 482,083 (2) 482,120 (3) Total unfunded commitments by Barings Private Credit Corporation Total unfunded commitments by all members 
 (1) Includes 2.2 million of dividend re-investments. 
 (2) Includes dividend re-investments of 32.1 million and 209.3 million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (3) Includes dividend re-investments of 32.1 million and 209.5 million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 F-69 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Waccamaw River LLC 
 On January 4, 2021, Waccamaw River LLC Waccamaw River was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. On September 1, 2021, the Company entered into a limited liability company agreement governing Waccamaw River. Under Waccamaw River s current operating agreement, as amended to date, the Company has a capital commitment of 25.0 million of equity capital to Waccamaw River, of which approximately 22.5 million has been funded as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, aggregate commitments to Waccamaw River by the Company and the other members under the current operating agreement total 125.0 million, of which 112.6 million (including 14.0 million of recallable return of capital) has been funded. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Waccamaw River declared 9.3 million and 1.4 million in dividends, respectively, of which 1.9 million and 0.3 million, respectively, was recognized as dividend income in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Waccamaw River had 200.5 million in unsecured consumer loans and 8.0 million in cash. As of December 31, 2021, Waccamaw River had 60.8 million in unsecured consumer loans and 4.9 million in cash. As of December 31, 2022, Waccamaw River had 18,335 outstanding loans with an average loan size of 11,542, remaining average life to maturity of 44.0 months and weighted average interest rate of 12.0 . As of December 31, 2021, Waccamaw River had 5,500 outstanding loans with an average loan size of 11,280, remaining average life to maturity of 46.5 months and weighted average interest rate of 10.9 . 
 Waccamaw River's secured loan borrowing with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately 72.3 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Waccamaw River's secured loan borrowing with Barclays Bank PLC, which is non-recourse to the Company, had approximately 44.8 million outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company has determined that Waccamaw River is an investment company under ASC, Topic 946, Financial Services - Investment Companies , however, in accordance with such guidance, the Company will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary, which is an extension of the operations of the Company, or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the Company. The Company does not consolidate its interest in Waccamaw River as it is not a substantially wholly owned investment company subsidiary. In addition, Waccamaw River is not an operating company and the Company does not control Waccamaw River due to the allocation of voting rights among Waccamaw River members. 
 F-70 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Waccamaw River had the following contributed capital and unfunded commitments from its members: 
 in thousands) As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 As of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total contributed capital by Barings Private Credit Corporation 22,520 13,720 Total contributed capital by all members 126,620 (1) 82,620 (4) Total return of capital (recallable) by Barings Private Credit Corporation Total return of capital (recallable) by all members(2) (14,020) (14,020) Total unfunded commitments by Barings Private Credit Corporation 2,480 11,280 Total unfunded commitments by all members 12,400 (3) 56,400 (5) 
 (1) Includes 79.9 million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (2) Includes 12.3) million of total return of capital (recallable) by related parties. 
 (3) Includes 7.4 million of unfunded commitments by related parties. 
 (4) Includes 53.5 million of total contributed capital by related parties. 
 (5) Includes 33.8 million of unfunded commitments by related parties. 
 Eclipse Business Capital Holdings LLC 
 On July 8, 2021, the Company made an equity investment in Eclipse Business Capital Holdings LLC Eclipse of 63.4 million, a second lien senior secured loan of 3.2 million and unfunded revolver of 9.6 million, alongside other related party affiliates. On August 12, 2022, the Company increased the unfunded revolver to 16.0 million. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 3.7 million and 1.3 million, respectively, of the revolver was funded. Eclipse conducts its business through Eclipse Business Capital LLC. Eclipse is one of the country s leading independent asset-based lending ABL platforms that provides financing to middle-market borrowers in the U.S. and Canada. Eclipse provides revolving lines of credit and term loans ranging in size from 10 125 million that are secured by collateral such as accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, or real estate. Eclipse lends to both privately-owned and publicly-traded companies across a range of industries, including manufacturing, retail, automotive, oil gas, services, distribution, and consumer products. The addition of Eclipse to the portfolio allows the Company to participate in an asset class and commercial finance operations that offer differentiated income returns as compared to directly originated loans. Eclipse is led by a seasoned team of ABL experts. 
 The Company has determined that Eclipse is not an investment company under ASC, Topic 946, Financial Services Investment Companies. Under ASC 810-10-15-12(d), an investment company generally does not consolidate an investee that is not an investment company other than a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to the company. Thus, the Company is not required to consolidate Eclipse because it does not provide services to the Company. Instead the Company accounts for its equity investment in Eclipse in accordance with ASC 946-320, presented as a single investment measured at fair value. 
 F-71 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4. Borrowings 
 The Company had the following borrowings outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Issuance Date in thousands) Maturity Date Interest Rate as of December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Credit Facility: May 11, 2021 May 11, 2026 6.051 795,284 524,825 Total Credit Facility 795,284 524,825 Notes: July 29, 2021 - Series A Notes July 29, 2026 3.500 75,000 75,000 September 15, 2021 - Series B Notes July 29, 2026 3.500 38,000 38,000 October 28, 2021 - Series C Notes July 29, 2026 3.500 37,000 37,000 May 10, 2022 - Series D Notes (1) May 10, 2027 6.000 95,466 July 26, 2022 - Series E Notes (1) May 10, 2027 6.000 52,187 (Less: Deferred financing fees) (615) (406) Total Notes 297,038 149,594 Secured Borrowing: Secured Borrowing March 14, 2023 7.843 18,559 Total Secured Borrowing 18,559 
 (1) Inclusive of change in fair market value of effective hedge. 
 The Company is required to meet an asset coverage ratio, defined under the 1940 Act as the ratio of the Company s total assets (less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities) to its outstanding senior securities, of at least 150 after each issuance of senior securities. The Company s asset coverage ratio was 199.3 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On May 11, 2021, BPC Funding, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into the Revolving Credit Facility with BNP Paribas BNPP ). BNPP serves as administrative agent, State Street Bank and Trust Company serves as collateral agent, and the Company serves as servicer under the Revolving Credit Facility. The initial maximum amount of borrowings available under the Revolving Credit Facility was 400 million. On November 18, 2021, BPC Funding and BNPP amended the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the maximum amount of borrowings available to 600 million from 400 million. Effective on March 9, 2022, BPC Funding and BNPP amended the Revolving Credit Facility to increase the maximum amount of borrowings available to 800 million from 600 million. 
 Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility initially bore interest at a per annum rate equal to, in the case of dollar advances, three-month LIBOR, and in the case of foreign currency advances, the applicable benchmark in effect for such currency, plus an applicable margin of 1.65 to 2.60 per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the Revolving Credit Facility. Effective on March 9, 2022, the term SOFR reference rate replaced LIBOR as an applicable index for U.S. dollar-based borrowings. Effective March 9, 2022, U.S. dollar advances under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest at a per annum rate equal to three-month term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of 1.80 to 2.75 per annum depending on the nature of the advances being requested under the Revolving Credit Agreement. BPC Funding currently pays an unused fee based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between BPC Funding and BNPP. Commencing on September 9, 2022, BPC Funding will pay an unused fee of 1.25 per annum if the unused facility amount is greater than 50 , or 0.75 per annum if the unused facility amount is less than or equal to 50 and greater than 25 , based on the average daily unused amount of the financing commitments, in addition to certain other fees as agreed between BPC Funding and BNPP. 
 F-72 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to compliance with borrowing base requirements, pursuant to which the amount of funds advanced by the lenders to BPC Funding varies depending upon the types of assets in BPC Funding s portfolio. Assets are required to meet certain criteria in order to be included in the borrowing base, and the borrowing base is subject to certain portfolio restrictions including investment size, sector concentrations and investment type. 
 Proceeds from borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility may be used to fund portfolio investments by BPC Funding, to make advances under delayed draw term loans and revolving loans for which BPC Funding is a lender, and to make permitted distributions. The period during which BPC Funding may borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility expires on May 11, 2024, and the Revolving Credit Facility will mature and all amounts outstanding thereunder must be repaid by May 11, 2026. 
 BPC Funding s obligations to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility are secured by a first priority security interest in all of BPC Funding s portfolio investments and cash. The obligations of BPC Funding under the Revolving Credit Facility are non-recourse to the Company, and the Company s exposure under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited to the value of the Company s investment in BPC Funding. 
 In connection with the Revolving Credit Facility, BPC Funding has made certain customary representations and warranties and is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. The Revolving Credit Facility contains customary events of default for similar financing transactions, including if a change of control of BPC Funding occurs. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, BNPP may declare the outstanding advances and all other obligations under the Revolving Credit Facility immediately due and payable. The occurrence of an event of default (as described above) triggers a requirement that BPC Funding obtain the consent of BNPP prior to entering into any sale or disposition with respect to portfolio investments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants of the Revolver Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. dollar borrowings of 653.4 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 6.465 (three month SOFR of 4.113 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 30.2 million 36.3 million U.S. dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 4.415 (weighted average three month adjusted cumulative compounded SONIA of 2.083 ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A 7.8 million 5.3 million U.S dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 5.210 (three month BBSW of 3.060 ), borrowings denominated in Canadian dollars of C 5.4 million 4.0 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.708 (three month CDOR of 4.558 ), borrowings denominated in New Zealand dollars of NZ 6.1 million 3.9 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 6.490 (three month NZBB of 4.090 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 86.6 million 92.4 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 3.772 (three month EURIBOR of 1.605 ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings is included in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2021, the Company had U.S. dollar borrowings of 431.4 million outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility with a weighted average interest rate of 2.313 (weighted average three month LIBOR of 0.132 ), borrowings denominated in British pounds sterling of 25.2 million 34.1 million U.S. dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 2.538 (weighted average three month adjusted cumulative compounded SONIA of 0.170 ), borrowings denominated in Australian dollars of A 17.8 million 12.9 million U.S dollars) with a weighted average interest rate of 2.211 (three month BBSW of 0.061 ), borrowings denominated in Canadian dollars of C 5.4 million 4.3 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 2.618 (three month CDOR of 0.468 and borrowings denominated in Euros of 37.0 million 42.1 million U.S. dollars) with an interest rate of 2.191 (weighted average three month EURIBOR of 0.000 ). The borrowings denominated in foreign currencies were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. The impact resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on the Revolving Credit Facility borrowings is included in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statement of 
 F-73 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility was 795.3 million and 524.8 million, respectively. The fair values of the borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Facility are based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 July 2026 Notes 
 On July 29, 2021, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the July 2021 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 75.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series A senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series A Notes ), (2) 38.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series B senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series B Notes ), and (3) 37.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series C senior unsecured notes due July 29, 2026 (the Series C Notes, and collectively with the Series A Notes and the Series B Notes, the July 2026 Notes ), in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes were delivered and paid for on July 29, 2021, September 15, 2021, and October 28, 2021, respectively. 
 The July 2026 Notes have a fixed interest rate of 3.5 per year, subject to a step up of (1) (x) 1.25 per year, to the extent that the initial rating for the July 2026 Notes does not satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions, and (y) at any time after the Company has received an investment grade rating for the July 2026 Notes, 0.75 per year, to the extent the July 2026 Notes thereafter fail to satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (2) 1.50 per year, to the extent the ratio of the Company s secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 The July 2026 Notes will mature on July 29, 2026 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company in accordance with the terms of the July 2021 NPA. Interest on the July 2026 Notes is due semiannually in January and July of each year, beginning in January 2022. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the July 2026 Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the July 2021 NPA, the Company may redeem the July 2026 Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before January 29, 2026, a make-whole premium. 
 The July 2021 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for agreements of this type, including, without limitation, information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act and certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, and restricted payments. In addition, the July 2021 NPA contains the following financial covenants: (a) maintaining a minimum obligors net worth, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end; (b) not permitting the Company s asset coverage ratio, as of the date of the incurrence of any debt for borrowed money or the making of any cash dividend to shareholders, to be less than the statutory minimum then applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act; and (c) not permitting the Company s net debt to equity ratio to exceed 2.0x, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 The July 2021 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness or that of the Company s subsidiary guarantors, if any, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of certain events of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the July 2026 Notes at the time outstanding may declare all July 2026 Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable, subject to certain additional conditions in the event that then-outstanding July 2026 Notes are held by persons affiliated with the Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 The Company s obligations under the July 2021 NPA are general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. 
 The July 2026 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The July 2026 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state 
 F-74 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 securities laws and, unless so registered, may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the outstanding July 2026 Notes was 125.9 million and 147.9 million, respectively. The fair value determinations of the Series A Notes, Series B Notes and Series C Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 May 2027 Notes 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement (the May 2022 NPA governing the issuance of (1) 100.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series D senior unsecured notes due May 10, 2027 (the Series D Notes and (2) 55.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series E senior unsecured notes due May 10, 2027 (the Series E Notes, and collectively with the Series D Notes, the May 2027 Notes ), in each case, to qualified institutional investors in a private placement. The Series D Notes were delivered and paid for on May 10, 2022, and the Series E Notes were delivered and paid for on July 6, 2022. 
 The May 2027 Notes have a fixed interest rate of 6.0 per year, subject to a step up of (1) 0.75 per year, to the extent the May 2027 Notes fail to satisfy certain investment grade rating conditions and/or (2) 1.50 per year, to the extent the ratio of the Company s secured debt to total assets exceeds specified thresholds, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 The May 2027 Notes will mature on May 10, 2027 unless redeemed, purchased or prepaid prior to such date by the Company in accordance with the terms of the May 2022 NPA. Interest on the May 2027 Notes will be due semiannually in May and November of each year, beginning in November 2022. In addition, the Company is obligated to offer to repay the May 2027 Notes at par (plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the date of prepayment) if certain change in control events occur. Subject to the terms of the May 2022 NPA, the Company may redeem the May 2027 Notes in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option at par plus accrued interest to the prepayment date and, if redeemed on or before November 10, 2026, a make-whole premium. 
 The May 2022 NPA contains certain representations and warranties, and various covenants and reporting requirements customary for agreements of this type, including, without limitation, information reporting, maintenance of the Company s status as a BDC within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates, fundamental changes, changes of line of business, permitted liens, and restricted payments. In addition, the May 2022 NPA contains the following financial covenants: (a) maintaining a minimum obligors net worth, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end; (b) not permitting the Company s asset coverage ratio, as of the date of the incurrence of any debt for borrowed money or the making of any cash dividend to shareholders, to be less than the statutory minimum then applicable to the Company under the 1940 Act; and (c) not permitting the Company s net debt to equity ratio to exceed 2.0x, measured as of each fiscal quarter-end. 
 The May 2022 NPA also contains customary events of default with customary cure and notice periods, including, without limitation, nonpayment, incorrect representation in any material respect, breach of covenant, cross-default under other indebtedness or that of the Company s subsidiary guarantors, if any, certain judgements and orders, and certain events of bankruptcy. Upon the occurrence of certain events of default, the holders of at least 66-2/3 in principal amount of the May 2027 Notes at the time outstanding may declare all May 2027 Notes then outstanding to be immediately due and payable, subject to (i) certain additional requirements prior to the issuance of the Series E Notes and (ii) certain additional conditions in the event that then-outstanding May 2027 Notes are held by persons affiliated with the Company and certain of its affiliates. 
 The Company s obligations under the May 2022 NPA are general unsecured obligations that rank pari passu with all outstanding and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. 
 The May 2027 Notes were offered in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The May 2027 Notes have not and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and, unless so registered, 
 F-75 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 may not be offered or sold in the United States except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as applicable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the outstanding May 2027 Notes was 147.7 million. The fair value determinations of the Series D Notes were based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 In connection with the offering of the Series D Notes, on May 10, 2022, the Company entered into a 100.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The Company receives a fixed rate interest at 6.00 paid semi-annually and pays quarterly based on a compounded daily rate of SOFR plus 3.24500 . The swap transaction matures on May 10, 2027. The interest expense related to the Series D Notes will be equally offset by proceeds received from the interest rate swap. The swap adjusted interest expense is included as a component of interest and other financing fees in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swap had a fair value of (4.5) million. Depending on the nature of the balance at period end, the fair value of the interest rate swap is either included as a component of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in fair value of the interest rate swap is offset by the change in fair value of the Series D Notes. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap is based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 In connection with the offering of the Series E Notes, on July 6, 2022, the Company entered into a 55.0 million notional value interest rate swap. The Company receives a fixed rate interest at 6.00 paid semi-annually and pays quarterly based on a compounded daily rate of SOFR plus 3.38200 . The swap transaction matures on May 10, 2027. The interest expense related to the Series E Notes will be equally offset by proceeds received from the interest rate swap. The swap adjusted interest expense is included as a component of interest and other financing fees in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate swap had a fair value of (2.8) million. Depending on the nature of the balance at period end, the fair value of the interest rate swap is either included as a component of derivative assets or derivative liabilities on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The change in fair value of the interest rate swap is offset by the change in fair value of the Series E Notes. The fair value of the Company s interest rate swap is based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 Secured Borrowings 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 18.6 million of secured borrowings Secured Borrowings outstanding, which were recorded as a result of certain securities that were sold and simultaneously repurchased at a premium, with amounts payable to the counterparty due on the repurchase settlement date, which is generally within 120 days of the trade date. The Company s Secured Borrowings bore interest at a weighted average rate of 7.843 for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Secured Borrowings was 18.6 million. The fair value of the Secured Borrowings are based on a market yield approach and current interest rates, which are Level 3 inputs to the market yield model. 
 
 5. Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected for federal income tax purposes to be treated, and intends to qualify annually, as a RIC under the Code and intends to make the required distributions to its stockholders as specified therein. In order to maintain its tax treatment as a RIC, the Company must meet certain minimum distribution, source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. If such requirements are met, then the Company is generally required to pay taxes only on the portion of its taxable income and gains it does not distribute (actually or constructively). The Company met its source of income, asset diversification and minimum distribution requirements for 2022 and continually monitors these requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. The Company has historically met its minimum distribution requirements and continually monitors its distribution requirements with the goal of ensuring compliance with the Code. 
 Depending on the level of investment company taxable income ICTI and net capital gains, if any, or taxable income, the Company may choose to carry forward undistributed taxable income and pay a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless the Company distributes, in a timely 
 F-76 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 manner, an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of net ordinary income for each calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of the amount by which capital gains exceed capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (iii) certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which the Company paid no U.S. federal income tax. Any such carryover of taxable income must be distributed before the end of that next tax year through a dividend declared prior to filing of the tax return related to the year which generated such taxable income not to be subject to U.S. federal income tax. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a net expense of 0.9 million and 0.4 million, respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. 
 Taxable income generally differs from increase in net assets resulting from operations due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. The Company makes certain adjustments to the classification of net assets as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which include differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal taxes or losses among other items. To the extent these differences are permanent, they are charged or credited to additional paid in capital, or total distributable earnings (loss), as appropriate. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, the Company reclassified for book purposes amounts arising from permanent book/tax differences primarily related to non-deductible excise taxes and non-deductible offering costs during the year as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Additional paid-in capital (1,059) (678) Total distributable earnings 1,059 678 
 Tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company's tax returns are evaluated to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than not threshold would be recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Management has analyzed the Company's tax positions taken, or to be taken, on federal income tax returns for all open tax years (fiscal year 2021), and has concluded that the provision for uncertain tax positions in the Company's financial statements is appropriate. 
 For income tax purposes, distributions paid to stockholders are reported as ordinary income, long-term capital gains, return of capital or a combination thereof. The tax character of distributions paid for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Ordinary Income 85,827 26,622 Distributions on a tax basis 85,827 26,622 
 F-77 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the components of distributable earnings on a tax basis detailed below differ from the amounts reflected in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet by temporary and other book/tax differences, primarily relating to organization costs and the tax treatment of certain partnership investments, as follows: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Undistributed net investment income 28,994 12,497 Other temporary differences (25) (27) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (18,216) 3,172 Components of distributable earnings at year end 10,753 15,642 
 For federal income tax purposes, the cost of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 2,160.8 million and 1,396.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, net unrealized depreciation on the Company s investments (tax basis) was approximately 18.2 million, consisting of gross unrealized appreciation, where the fair value of the Company s investments exceeds their tax cost, of approximately 83.6 million and gross unrealized depreciation, where the tax cost of the Company s investments exceeds their fair value, of approximately 101.8 million. As of December 31, 2021, net unrealized appreciation on the Company s investments (tax basis) was approximately 3.2 million, consisting of gross unrealized appreciation, where the fair value of the Company s investments exceeds their tax cost, of approximately 12.4 million and gross unrealized depreciation, where the tax cost of the Company s investments exceeds their fair value, of approximately 9.2 million. 
 In addition, the Company has a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary (the Taxable Subsidiary ), which holds certain portfolio investments that are listed on the Consolidated Schedules of Investments. The Taxable Subsidiary is consolidated for financial reporting purposes, such that the Company's consolidated financial statements reflects the Company s investments in the portfolio companies owned by the Taxable Subsidiary. The purpose of the Taxable Subsidiary is to permit the Company to hold certain portfolio companies that are organized as LLCs (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 of the RIC s gross revenue for income tax purposes must consist of qualifying investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiary, a proportionate amount of any gross income of an LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment would flow through directly to the RIC. To the extent that such income did not consist of qualifying investment income, it could jeopardize the Company's ability to qualify as a RIC and therefore cause the Company to incur significant amounts of federal income taxes. When LLCs (or other pass-through entities) are owned by the Taxable Subsidiary, their income is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiary and does not flow through to the RIC, thereby helping the Company preserve its RIC tax treatment and resultant tax advantages. The Taxable Subsidiary is not consolidated for income tax purposes and may generate income tax expense or benefit as a result of their ownership of the portfolio companies. This income tax expense or benefit, if any, is reflected in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations. Additionally, any unrealized appreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary (net of unrealized depreciation related to portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary), if any, will be reflected net of applicable federal and state income taxes, if any, in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Operations, with the related deferred tax assets or liabilities, if any, included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a net deferred tax liability of 0.2 million pertaining to operating losses and tax basis differences related to certain partnership interests. 
 F-78 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 6. Derivative Instruments 
 The Company enters into forward currency contracts from time to time to primarily help mitigate the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on net interest income from the Company s investments and related borrowings denominated in foreign currencies. Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on foreign currency contracts are included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions and net realized gains or losses on forward currency contracts are included in Net realized gains (losses) - foreign currency transactions in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Forward currency contracts are considered undesignated derivative instruments. 
 The following table presents the Company s foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 in thousands) 
 Description 
 Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets (Liabilities) Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 61,845 41,434 01/09/23 660 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 2,300 1,557 04/11/23 14 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 40,131 A 61,845 01/09/23 (1,964) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 42,446 A 63,128 04/11/23 (684) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) C 7,479 5,491 01/09/23 35 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 5,473 C 7,479 01/09/23 (53) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 5,383 C 7,326 04/11/23 (35) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 7,401kr. 1,056 01/09/23 9 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 982 7,401kr. 01/09/23 (83) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 1,078 7,499kr. 04/11/23 (9) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 187,162 198,632 01/09/23 1,693 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 185,138 187,162 01/09/23 (15,187) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 199,111 186,411 04/11/23 (1,665) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 56,336 68,032 01/09/23 13 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 1,600 1,929 04/11/23 7 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 62,569 56,336 01/09/23 (5,477) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 66,247 54,756 04/11/23 (38) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 8,665 5,451 01/09/23 46 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 5,009 NZ 8,665 01/09/23 (487) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 5,060 NZ 8,044 04/11/23 (46) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 38,802kr 3,939 01/09/23 6 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 3,626 38,802kr 01/09/23 (318) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NOK) 4,097 40,202kr 04/11/23 (7) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 5,694kr 547 01/09/23 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 512 5,694kr 01/09/23 (35) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 555 5,751kr 04/11/23 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 18,873Fr. 19,744 01/09/23 689 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,491 18,873Fr. 01/09/23 (942) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 5,336 4,891Fr. 04/11/23 (12) Derivative liabilities Total (23,870) 
 F-79 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2021 
 in thousands) 
 Description 
 Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Maturity Date Gross Amount of Recognized Assets (Liabilities) Balance Sheet Location of Net Amounts Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) A 20,975 15,076 01/06/22 171 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 15,106 A 20,975 01/06/22 (142) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (AUD) 15,068 A 20,961 04/08/22 (172) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 749 586 01/06/22 5 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 587 749 01/06/22 (4) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CAD) 633 808 04/08/22 (6) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 2,141kr. 326 01/06/22 1 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 335 2,141kr. 01/06/22 7 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (DKK) 323 2,114kr. 04/08/22 (2) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 47,857 54,213 01/06/22 243 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 55,239 47,857 01/06/22 783 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (EUR) 111,330 98,201 04/08/22 (634) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 8,817 11,744 01/06/22 197 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 2,000 2,664 01/07/22 45 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 11,828 8,817 01/06/22 (112) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 2,717 2,000 01/07/22 8 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (GBP) 13,907 10,446 04/08/22 (234) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) NZ 610,086 415 01/06/22 3 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 419 NZ 610,086 01/06/22 1 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (NZD) 416 NZ 613,901 04/08/22 (3) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 5,421kr 600 01/07/22 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 617 5,421kr 01/07/22 17 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (SEK) 607 5,483kr 04/08/22 Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 17,957Fr. 19,530 01/06/22 162 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 103Fr. 113 01/07/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,264 17,957Fr. 01/06/22 (428) Derivative liabilities Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 113 103Fr. 01/07/22 Derivative assets Foreign currency forward contract (CHF) 19,853 18,212Fr. 04/08/22 (168) Derivative liabilities Total (262) 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total fair value of the Company's foreign currency forward contracts was (23.9) million and (0.3) million. The fair values of the Company s foreign currency forward contracts are based on unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes, which are Level 2 inputs. 
 F-80 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Net realized gains or losses on forward currency contracts are included in Net realized gains (losses) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net realized gains or losses on forward contracts recognized by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 are shown in the following table: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Forward currency contracts 38,825 1,455 
 Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on forward contracts are included in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - foreign currency transactions in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations. Net unrealized appreciation or depreciation on forward contracts recognized by the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021 are shown in the following table: 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Forward currency contracts (23,608) (262) 
 
 7. Commitments and Contingencies 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk, consisting primarily of unused commitments to extend financing to the Company s portfolio companies. Since commitments may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company believed that it had adequate financial resources to satisfy its unfunded commitments. The balances of unused commitments to extend financing as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Acclime Holdings HK Limited(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 148 Acclime Holdings HK Limited(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 812 Accurus Aerospace Corporation(1)(2) Revolver 691 Air Comm Corporation, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 11 Air Comm Corporation, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,760 Amtech LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,818 1,818 Amtech LLC(1) Revolver 364 455 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,001 AnalytiChem Holding GmbH(1)(2)(3) Bridge Revolver 462 APC1 Holding(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 354 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Bridge Revolver 233 Aquavista Watersides 2 LTD(1)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 1,179 1,459 Arc Education(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,789 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(4) CAF Term Loan 1,579 Argus Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) RCF Bridge Term Loan 335 ASC Communications, LLC(2) Revolver 647 
 F-81 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Astra Bidco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,059 1,192 ATL II MRO Holdings Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 2,500 Avance Clinical Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,512 1,622 AWP Group Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 233 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 962 962 Azalea Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 481 481 Bariacum S.A(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 961 1,023 Bearcat Buyer, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 96 Beyond Risk Management, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,423 2,573 BigHand UK Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 147 Biolam Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,783 Bounteous, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,697 2,697 Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 602 Brightpay Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 188 201 BrightSign LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,109 1,109 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited(1)(4) Bridge Revolver 46 British Engineering Services Holdco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition/Capex Facility 203 1,729 CAi Software, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 943 943 Canadian Orthodontic Partners Corp.(1)(2)(6) Delayed Draw Term Loan 291 440 Centralis Finco S.a.r.l.(1)(3) Incremental CAF Term Loan 298 73 Ceres Pharma NV(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,544 CGI Parent, LLC(1) Revolver 1,653 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 156 788 Classic Collision (Summit Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,143 Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC(1) PIK Tranche B Term Loan 656 Coastal Marina Holdings, LLC(1) Tranche A Term Loan 1,788 Command Alkon (Project Potter Buyer, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 13,153 Comply365, LLC(1) Revolver 489 Coyo Uprising GmbH(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 505 1,076 Crash Champions, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,518 Dart Buyer, Inc(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 441 DataServ Integrations, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 481 DecksDirect, LLC(1) Revolver 218 218 Direct Travel, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 233 225 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,368 DISA Holdings Corp.(1)(2) Revolver 416 DreamStart BidCo SAS (d/b/a SmartTrade)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 168 179 Dune Group(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,515 1,614 Dwyer Instruments, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,513 987 Eclipse Business Capital, LLC(1) Revolver 12,321 8,342 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,947 10,678 
 F-82 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 EMI Porta Holdco LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,261 2,542 EPS NASS Parent, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 92 209 eShipping, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,274 1,274 eShipping, LLC(1) Revolver 743 616 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,639 Eurofins Digital Testing International LUX Holding SARL(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 528 Events Software BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 640 Express Wash Acquisition Company, LLC(1) Revolver 115 F24 (Stairway BidCo GmbH)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Term Loan 57 95 FineLine Systems(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 478 478 Footco 40 Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 766 Fortis Payment Systems, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 925 FragilePak LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,649 4,649 GB Eagle Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 3,226 Glacis Acquisition S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,399 10,751 Global Academic Group Limited(1)(7) Term Loan 451 GPZN II GmbH(1)(2)(3) CAF Term Loan 560 Graphpad Software, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,602 2,602 Greenhill II BV(1)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 255 Groupe Product Life(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,102 Gusto Aus BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 223 HeartHealth Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2)(5) Delayed Draw Term Loan 313 Heartland Veterinary Partners, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 148 364 Heartland, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 710 892 Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC(1) Revolver 2,193 2,193 Heilbron (f/k/a Sucsez (Bolt Bidco B.V.))(1)(2)(3) Committed Additional Facility 1,206 HEKA Invest(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,111 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,691 HTI Technology Industries(1)(2) Revolver 1,128 HW Holdco, LLC (Hanley Wood LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,074 1,840 IGL Holdings III Corp.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 337 Innovad Group II BV(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 200 289 INOS 19-090 GmbH(1)(3) Acquisition Facility 217 155 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,621 Interstellar Group B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 111 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 333 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Accordion Facility 3,695 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Accordion Facility 606 Isolstar Holding NV (IPCOM)(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,488 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 103 103 ITI Intermodal, Inc.(1) Revolver 118 124 
 F-83 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 422 1,961 Jaguar Merger Sub Inc.(1) Revolver 490 490 Jeeves Information Systems AB(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 8,936 Jon Bidco Limited(1)(7) Capex Acquisition Facility 753 Jones Fish Hatcheries Distributors LLC(1) Revolver 418 Kano Laboratories LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 724 724 Kano Laboratories LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 860 860 LAF International(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 114 Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(3) Bridge Revolver 436 Lambir Bidco Limited(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 819 872 Lattice Group Holdings Bidco Limited(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 298 LeadsOnline, LLC(1) Revolver 1,952 LivTech Purchaser, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 244 145 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 24 405 Marmoutier Holding B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 106 162 Marshall Excelsior Co.(1) Revolver 216 MC Group Ventures Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 467 1,291 Mercell Holding AS(1)(8) Capex Acquisition Facility 797 Mertus 522. GmbH(1)(2)(3) Capex Acquisition Facility 2,745 6,564 Modern Star Holdings Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) Term Loan 59 63 Murphy Midco Limited(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 97 160 Narda Acquisitionco., Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 953 1,059 Navia Benefit Solutions, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,141 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(2)(4) Revolver 82 Nexus Underwriting Management Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 1,254 1,533 Novotech Aus Bidco Pty Ltd(1)(2) Capex Acquisition Facility 971 NPM Investments 28 BV(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 925 OA Buyer, Inc.(1) Revolver 1,331 1,331 OAC Holdings I Corp(1) Revolver 607 OG III B.V.(1)(3) Accordion Facility 650 1,355 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,407 929 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,955 Omni Intermediate Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,008 Options Technology Ltd.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,406 1,406 OSP Hamilton Purchaser, LLC(1)(2) Revolver 187 187 Pacific Health Supplies Bidco Pty Limited(1)(2)(5) CapEx Term Loan 78 Pare SAS (SAS Maurice MARLE)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,100 PDQ.Com Corporation(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 868 PDQ.Com Corporation(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,836 4,320 Polara Enterprises, L.L.C.(1) Revolver 947 545 Policy Services Company, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 6,579 
 F-84 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Premium Invest(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,977 569 ProfitOptics, LLC(1) Revolver 193 Protego Bidco B.V.(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 255 272 PSP Intermediate 4, LLC(1)(2)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 727 QPE7 SPV1 BidCo Pty Ltd(1)(5) Accordion Facility 2,585 714 Questel Unite(1)(2)(3) Incremental Term Loan 2,701 2,878 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,623 R1 Holdings, LLC(1) Revolver 1,601 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 5,516 Randys Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,964 Rep Seko Merger Sub LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 520 1,043 Reward Gateway (UK) Ltd(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 765 1,354 Riedel Beheer B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 153 Riedel Beheer B.V.(1)(3) Revolver 230 ROI Solutions LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 711 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,945 Royal Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,787 Safety Products Holdings, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,730 2,889 Sanoptis S.A.R.L.(1)(3) Acquisition Capex Facility 5,535 5,316 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 416 416 Scaled Agile, Inc.(1) Revolver 336 336 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,135 Scout Bidco B.V.(1)(3) Revolver 515 Sereni Capital NV(1)(3) Term Loan 109 Simulation Software Investment Company Pty Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 408 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,076 2,076 Smartling, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 1,038 1,038 Soho Square III Debtco II SARL(1)(2)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,383 Solo Buyer, L.P.(1)(2) Revolver 1,995 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 665 Sparus Holdings, LLC (f/k/a Sparus Holdings, Inc.)(1)(2) Revolver 156 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 7,500 Spatial Business Systems LLC(1)(2) Revolver 1,406 Springbrook Software (SBRK Intermediate, Inc.)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 558 SSCP Pegasus Midco Limited(1)(4) Delayed Draw Term Loan 451 507 Superjet Buyer, LLC(1) Revolver 1,825 1,825 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,770 1,770 Syntax Systems Ltd(1)(2) Revolver 309 521 Tank Holding Corp(1)(2) Revolver 545 Tanqueray Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex Facility 1,088 Techone B.V.(1)(3) Delayed Draw Term Loan 752 
 F-85 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company in thousands) Investment Type December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Techone B.V.(1)(2)(3) Revolver 94 200 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 886 Tencarva Machinery Company, LLC(1) Revolver 1,129 1,129 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,195 4,195 The Caprock Group, Inc. (aka TA/TCG Holdings, LLC)(1) Revolver 1,233 1,233 The Cleaver-Brooks Company, Inc.(1) Revolver 2,422 The Hilb Group, LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,537 5,954 Trader Corporation(1)(2)(6) Revolver 345 Truck-Lite Co., LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 4,488 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,681 TSYL Corporate Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Revolver 177 Turbo Buyer, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,509 2,314 Union Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Acquisition Facility 210 United Therapy Holding III GmbH(1)(2)(3) Acquisition Facility 1,089 USLS Acquisition, Inc. (f/k/a US Legal Support, Inc.)(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 3,371 W2O Holdings, Inc.(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 487 712 Waccamaw River LLC(2) Joint Venture 2,480 11,280 Woodland Foods, LLC(1)(2) Line of Credit 330 1,499 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 2,329 WWEC Holdings III Corp(1)(2) Revolver 1,025 Xeinadin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) CAF Term Loan 4,743 ZB Holdco LLC(1)(2) Delayed Draw Term Loan 1,352 ZB Holdco LLC(1) Revolver 845 Zeppelin Bidco Limited(1)(2)(4) Capex / Acquisition Facility 1,258 Total unused commitments to extend financing 247,730 215,494 
 (1) The Adviser's estimate of the fair value of the current investments in these portfolio companies includes an analysis of the fair value of any unfunded commitments. 
 (2) Represents a commitment to extend financing to a portfolio company where one or more of the Company's current investments in the portfolio company are carried at less than cost. 
 (3) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Euros. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (4) Actual commitment amount is denominated in British pounds sterling. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (5) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Australian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (6) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Canadian dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (7) Actual commitment amount is denominated in New Zealand dollars. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 (8) Actual commitment amount is denominated in Norwegian Kroner. Commitment was translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot rate at the relevant balance sheet date. 
 
 F-86 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 8. Financial Highlights 
 Year Ended For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to in thousands, except share and per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Per share data: Net asset value at beginning of period 20.58 Net investment income(1) 2.01 1.20 Net realized gain on investments / foreign currency transactions(1) 0.68 0.09 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments / foreign currency transactions(1) (0.98) 0.10 Total increase from investment operations(1) 1.71 1.39 Dividends paid to stockholders from net investment income (1.65) (0.81) Dividends paid to stockholders from short-term realized gains (0.09) Total dividends declared (1.74) (0.81) Issuance of common stock 20.00 Net asset value at end of period 20.55 20.58 Shares outstanding at end of period 52,900,314 40,551,193 Net assets at end of period 1,087,303 834,406 Average net assets 1,002,258 580,568 Ratio of total expenses, prior to waiver of base management fee, to average net assets(2)(3) 5.91 3.65 Ratio of total expenses, net of base management fee waived, to average net assets(2)(3) 5.91 3.25 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets(2)(3) 9.82 9.26 Portfolio turnover ratio(3) 12.39 20.69 Total return(4) 8.43 7.03 
 (1) Weighted average per share data basic and diluted; per share data was derived by using the weighted average shares outstanding during the applicable period. 
 (2) Does not include the expenses of underlying investment companies. 
 (3) For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) through December 31, 2021, reflects annualized amounts except in the case of non-recurring expenses (e.g. initial organization expenses, offering costs and excise tax). 
 (4) Total return is calculated as the change in net asset value NAV per share during the period, divided by the beginning NAV per share and assumes reinvestment of dividends at prices obtained by the Company s dividend reinvestment plan during the period. For purposes of the total return calculation for the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to December 31, 2021, beginning NAV is assumed to be the first share issuance at 20.00 per share. 
 F-87 

Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 9. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following tables set forth certain quarterly financial information of the Company for each quarter in the year ended December 31, 2022 and for each quarter (or relevant stub period) in the year ended December 31, 2021 since the commencement of operations on May 10, 2021. Results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for the full year or for any future quarter. 
 Quarter Ended in thousands, except per share amounts) March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 Total investment income 29,291 34,563 42,338 51,391 Net investment income 20,831 22,785 24,269 30,506 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 32,722 12,376 25,940 8,841 Net investment income per share 0.51 0.45 0.47 0.58 
 
 Quarter Ended in thousands, except per share amounts) For the period from May 10, 2021 (commencement of operations) to June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 Total investment income 6,813 16,967 22,997 Net investment income 4,706 13,631 16,043 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 7,802 13,545 20,297 Net investment income per share 0.21 0.53 0.46 
 
 10. Subsequent Events 
 On January 3, 2023, the Company issued and sold 69,537.71 shares of its common stock, for an aggregate offering price of 1.4 million at a price per share of 20.55, determined in accordance with Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The sale of common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and the participating investors in connection with the Private Offering pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and Regulation S thereunder. 
 On February 1, 2023, the Company issued and sold 304,730.975 shares of its common stock, for an aggregate offering price of 6.3 million at a price per share of 20.63, determined in accordance with Section 23 of the 1940 Act. The sale of common stock was made pursuant to subscription agreements entered into by the Company and the participating investors in connection with the Private Offering pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Regulation D and Regulation S thereunder. 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board approved the increase of its regular monthly distribution from 0.155 per share to 0.20 per share for the distribution payable on March 29, 2023 to stockholders of record on March 27, 2023 
 On February 23, 2023, the Board also declared regular monthly distributions for April 2023 through May 2023. The regular monthly cash distributions, each in the gross amount of 0.20 per share are payable on April 28, 2023 and May 30, 2023 to stockholders of record on April 26, 2023 and May 26, 2023, respectively. 
 F-88 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex211listofsubsidiaries202.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 BPC Funding I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 BPCC Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bpcc-12312022xq4ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Ian Fowler, as Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s IAN FOWLER Ian Fowler Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bpcc-12312022xq4ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Exchange Act, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jonathan A. Landsberg, as Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Barings Private Credit Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s JONATHAN A. LANDSBERG Jonathan A. Landsberg Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bpcc-12312022xq4ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Barings Private Credit Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ian Fowler, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s IAN FOWLER Ian Fowler 
 Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 bpcc-12312022xq4ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Barings Private Credit Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan A. Landsberg, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s JONATHAN A. LANDSBERG Jonathan A. Landsberg Chief Financial Officer February 23, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bdc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bdc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bdc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

