<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230202_10-K_edgar_data_908937_0000908937-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13879046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349534</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2302482</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4688780</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3365423</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2937217</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000908937-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230202
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230202095853
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000908937-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230202
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000908937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RADIO BROADCASTING STATIONS [4832]
		IRS NUMBER:				383916511
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34295
		FILM NUMBER:		23579112

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-584-5100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1290 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		11TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIRIUS XM RADIO INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080805

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SIRIUS SATELLITE RADIO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19991228

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CD RADIO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19940203

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000908937-23-000006.txt : 20230202

10-K
 1
 siri-20221231.htm
 10-K

siri-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO ________ 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was . All executive officers and directors of the registrant have been deemed, solely for the purpose of the foregoing calculation, to be affiliates of the registrant. 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of January 31, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item No. Description PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 36 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 55 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 56 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 56 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 57 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 57 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 57 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 57 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 57 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 
 Signatures 
 64 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K presents information for Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Holdings ), a Delaware corporation. The terms Holdings, we, us, our, and our company as used herein and unless otherwise stated or indicated by context, refer to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries. Sirius XM refers to our wholly owned subsidiary Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its subsidiaries other than Pandora. Pandora refers to Sirius XM s wholly owned subsidiary Pandora Media, LLC and its subsidiaries. 
 Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 
 Holdings was incorporated in the State of Delaware on May 21, 2013. Holdings has no operations independent of its wholly owned subsidiaries, Sirius XM and Pandora. 
 Relationship with Liberty Media 
 As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Media Corporation Liberty Media beneficially owned, directly and indirectly, approximately 82 of the outstanding shares of Holdings common stock. Liberty Media owns interests in a range of media, communications and entertainment businesses. 
 Our Businesses 
 We operate two complementary audio entertainment businesses our Sirius XM business and our Pandora and Off-platform business. We are the leading audio entertainment company in North America with a portfolio of audio businesses including our flagship subscription entertainment service, Sirius XM; the ad-supported and premium music streaming services of Pandora; a podcast network; an advertising sales group, SXM Media; and a suite of advertising technology solutions. We believe we reach a combined monthly audience of approximately 150 million listeners. 
 We continue to expand the range of choices for our listeners both in terms of compelling content and the array of ways in which it can be consumed. There are approximately 152 million vehicles in operation with Sirius XM radios, and the proliferation of smart speakers and other connected devices has increased the range of options consumers have for engaging with and consuming our content. 
 We also are focused on rapidly growing content categories, such as our continued interest in podcasting. In 2022, an estimated 109 million Americans listened to a podcast at least monthly. 
 Sirius XM 
 Our Sirius XM business features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the United States on a subscription basis. Sirius XM s premier content bundles include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through our two proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via the SXM App for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Radios are primarily distributed through automakers, retailers and our website. Our Sirius XM service is also available through our user interface, which we call 360L, that combines our satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. 
 The primary source of revenue from our Sirius XM business is subscription fees, with most of our customers subscribing to monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual plans. We also derive revenue from advertising on select non-music channels, direct sales of our radios and accessories, and other ancillary services. As of December 31, 2022, our Sirius XM business had approximately 34.3 million subscribers. 
 In addition to our audio entertainment businesses, we provide connected vehicle services to several automakers. These services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience of consumers. We also offer a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings, a traffic information service that includes information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems, and real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Sirius XM also holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Canada ). 
 Pandora and Off-platform 
 Our Pandora and Off-platform business operates a music, comedy and podcast streaming platform, offering a personalized experience for each listener wherever and whenever they want to listen, whether through mobile devices, car speakers or connected devices. Pandora enables listeners to create personalized stations and playlists, discover new content, hear artist- and expert-curated playlists, podcasts and select Sirius XM content as well as search and play songs and albums on-demand. Pandora is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). As of December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 6.2 million subscribers. 
 The majority of revenue from our Pandora and Off-platform business is generated from advertising on our Pandora ad-supported radio service. We also derive subscription revenue from our Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium subscribers. 
 We sell advertising on other audio platforms and in widely distributed podcasts, which we consider to be off-platform services. 
 Podcasting 
 In 2020, Sirius XM acquired Stitcher, a leader in the distribution of podcasts. Stitcher has agreements to serve as the ad sales representative for many podcasts. 
 Sirius XM subscribers can also listen to their favorite podcasts with streaming access via the SXM App and online. Covering topics such as true crime, news, politics, music, comedy, sports and entertainment, Sirius XM's curated selection of podcasts comes from third parties such as Audiochuck, Crooked Media and NBC News. 
 Our Pandora business also offered a portal, Pandora For Podcasters, for podcasters to share their podcast with new audiences and gather data about their show. In 2022, Pandora for Podcasters migrated to a new podcaster portal, Simplecast Creator Connect. Podcasts submitted through this portal are offered to subscribers of Pandora s ad-supported service as an additional benefit. 
 Through our Simplecast business we also offer a podcast management and analytics platform, allowing us to offer podcasters a solution for management, hosting, analytics and advertising sales. 
 SXM Media 
 SXM Media is a combined sales group spanning our Sirius XM, Pandora, and Stitcher audio entertainment platforms and services. SXM Media has a reach of more than 150 million monthly listeners, and gives brands, creators, and publishers access to the largest digital audio advertising platform in North America. SXM Media also sells advertising on audio platforms and in podcasts unaffiliated with us and serves as the exclusive advertising representative for other third party platforms and podcasters, including such major entities as SoundCloud and NBCUniversal. 
 SXM Media offers advertisers the ability to execute campaigns in the United States across various platforms, including Pandora and SoundCloud. In addition, through AdsWizz Inc., we provide a comprehensive digital audio and programmatic advertising technology platform, which connects audio publishers and advertisers with a variety of ad insertion, campaign trafficking, yield optimization, programmatic buying, marketplace and monetization solutions. 
 Our Sirius XM Business 
 Programming 
 We offer a dynamic programming lineup of commercial-free music plus sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, and news, including: 
 an extensive selection of music genres, ranging from rock, pop and hip-hop to country, dance, jazz, Latin and classical; 
 live play-by-play sports from major leagues and colleges; 
 a multitude of talk, entertainment and comedy channels for a variety of audiences; 
 a wide range of national, international and financial news; and 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 exclusive limited run channels. 
 We believe that our broad and diverse programming, including our lineup of exclusive content, is a significant differentiator from terrestrial radio and other audio entertainment providers. We make changes to our programming lineup from time to time as we strive to attract new subscribers and offer content which appeals to a broad range of audiences and to our existing subscribers. The channel lineups for our services are available at siriusxm.com. 
 Our Sirius XM business aims to be a platform for diverse perspectives and to facilitate dialogue on a broad set of issues. This is reflected across the content provided to listeners, which includes channels dedicated to diverse and historically underrepresented groups, as well as broader programming celebrating such events as Black History Month, Latinx and Hispanic Heritage Month, LGBTQIA+ Pride Month, and Women s History Month. We continue to expand our offerings, including through programming that represents diverse viewpoints, historically underserved audiences and original content of a type not typically available to consumers. 
 Sirius XM Streaming Service 
 Our streaming service includes a variety of music and non-music channels, including channels and content that are not available on our satellite radio service, and podcasts. Consumers can access our streaming service on smartphones, tablets, computers, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. 
 Our streaming product currently features: the broad range of music, sports, talk, news and entertainment channels available on satellite radio; access to over 200 additional music channels, which we refer to as Xtra Music Channels; and video content, including video from The Howard Stern Show and performances and interviews from Sirius XM s archives, including in-studio performances and behind-the-scenes moments with artists, personalities and newsmakers. 
 Our Sirius XM service also includes a library of podcasts, some of which are exclusive to our service, and other on demand content. 
 Our streaming service is included as part of the vast majority of Sirius XM s packages, including the Music and Entertainment and Platinum plans. Our Personalized Stations Powered by Pandora feature, which allows subscribers to create their own customized commercial-free music stations within the SXM App, is offered to consumers as part of the price of Sirius XM s Platinum and Platinum VIP plans. We also offer our streaming service in several standalone packages, which do not include a satellite radio subscription. These packages, which include the Streaming Platinum Plan and the Streaming Music and Entertainment Plan, are available to consumers at various prices and include a variety of content. 
 We have entered into agreements with third parties designed to increase the distribution and ease of use of our streaming service, including through connected devices. We also have arrangements with various services and consumer electronics manufacturers to include the Sirius XM streaming functionality with their service and devices. 
 360L 
 Our next generation automotive platform, which we call 360L, combines our satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. We have agreements with many automakers to deploy our 360L interface in a variety of vehicles. In 2022, our 360L platform was included in approximately 110 vehicle models manufactured for sale in the United States. We expect that 360L will be included in a majority of vehicles that include Sirius XM functionality in the future. 
 
 360L allows us to take advantage of advanced in-dash infotainment systems. 360L is intended to leverage the ubiquitous signal coverage and low delivery costs of our satellite infrastructure with the two-way communication capability of a wireless streaming service to provide consumers seamless access to our content, including our live channels, on demand service, podcasts and even more personalized music services. The wireless streaming connection included in 360L enables enhanced search and recommendations functions, making discovery of our content in the vehicle easier. 360L also provides us data on how our subscribers use our service. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Distribution of Radios 
 New Vehicles 
 We distribute satellite radios through the sale and lease of new vehicles. We have agreements with major automakers to offer satellite radios in their vehicles. Satellite radios are available as a factory-installed feature in substantially all vehicle makes sold in the United States. 
 Most automakers include a subscription to our service in the sale or lease of their new vehicles. In certain cases, we receive subscription payments from automakers in advance of the activation of our service. We share with certain automakers a portion of the revenues we derive from subscribers using vehicles equipped to receive our service. We also reimburse various automakers for certain costs associated with the satellite radios installed in new vehicles, including in certain cases hardware costs, engineering expenses and promotional and advertising expenses. 
 Previously Owned Vehicles 
 We acquire subscribers through the sale and lease of previously owned vehicles with factory-installed satellite radios. We have entered into agreements with many automakers to include a subscription to our service in the sale or lease of vehicles which include satellite radios sold through their certified pre-owned programs. We also work directly with franchise and independent dealers on programs for non-certified used vehicles. 
 We have developed systems and methods to identify purchasers and lessees of previously owned vehicles which include satellite radios and have established marketing plans to promote our services to these potential subscribers. 
 Retail 
 We sell satellite radios directly to consumers through our website. Satellite radios are also marketed and distributed through national, regional and online retailers, such as Amazon.com. 
 Our Satellite Radio Systems 
 Our satellite radio systems are designed to provide clear reception in most areas of the continental United States despite variations in terrain, buildings and other obstructions. We continually monitor our infrastructure and regularly evaluate improvements in technology. 
 Our satellite radio systems have three principal components: 
 satellites, terrestrial repeaters and other satellite facilities; 
 studios; and 
 radios. 
 Satellites, Terrestrial Repeaters and Other Satellite Facilities 
 Satellites. We provide our service through a fleet of orbiting geostationary satellites. Two of these satellites, FM-5 and FM-6, transmit our service on frequencies originally licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (the FCC to Sirius, and two of these satellites, XM-5 and SXM-8, transmit our service on frequencies originally licensed by the FCC to XM. Our XM-3 and XM-4 satellites serve as spares for the XM system. 
 On December 13, 2020, our SXM-7 satellite was successfully launched and in-orbit testing of SXM-7 began on January 4, 2021. During in-orbit testing of SXM-7 events occurred which caused failures of certain SXM-7 payload units. The evaluation of SXM-7 concluded that the satellite would not function as intended. SXM-7 remains in-orbit at its assigned orbital location, but is not being used to provide satellite radio service. 
 We have entered into agreements for the design and construction of four additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12. We have also entered into agreements to launch two of those satellites. Construction of our SXM-9 and SXM-10 satellites is underway and those satellites are expected to be launched into geostationary orbits in 2024 and 2025, respectively. Construction of our SXM-11 and SXM-12 satellites is expected to begin shortly and those satellites are anticipated to be launched into geostationary orbits in 2026 and 2027, respectively. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Satellite Insurance. We have procured insurance for SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12 to cover the risks associated with each satellite's launch and first year of in-orbit operation. We do not have insurance policies covering our other in-orbit satellites as we consider the premium costs to be uneconomical relative to the risk of satellite failure. 
 Terrestrial Repeaters. In some areas with high concentrations of tall buildings, such as urban centers, signals from our satellites may be blocked and reception of satellite signals can be adversely affected. In other areas with a high density of next generation wireless systems our service may experience interference. In many of these areas, we have deployed terrestrial repeaters to supplement and enhance our signal coverage and, in other areas, we may deploy additional repeaters to mitigate interference. We operate over 1,000 terrestrial repeaters across the United States as part of our systems. 
 Other Satellite Facilities. We control and communicate with our satellites from facilities in North America. Our satellites are monitored, tracked and controlled by a third party satellite operator. 
 Studios 
 Our programming originates from studios in New York City, Los Angeles, Miami and Washington D.C. and, to a lesser extent, from smaller studios in Nashville and a variety of venues across the country. Our corporate headquarters is in New York City. We provide equipment to artists and hosts to enable remote creation and transmission of programming. 
 Radios 
 We do not manufacture radios. We have authorized manufacturers and distributors to produce and distribute radios, and have licensed our technology to various electronics manufacturers to develop, manufacture and distribute radios under certain brands. We do manage various aspects of the production of satellite radios. To facilitate the sale of radios, we may subsidize a portion of the radio manufacturing costs to reduce the hardware price to consumers. 
 Connected Vehicle Services 
 We provide connected vehicle services to several automakers. Our connected vehicle services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience for vehicle operators while providing marketing and operational benefits to automakers and their dealers. We offer a portfolio of location-based services through two-way wireless connectivity, including safety, security, convenience, maintenance and data services, remote vehicle diagnostics, and stolen or parked vehicle locator services. Subscribers to our connected vehicle services are not included in our subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. 
 Other Services 
 Commercial Accounts. Our programming is available for commercial establishments. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Cloud Cover Media, Inc. Cloud Cover ), offers a music programming service for commercial establishments. Commercial subscription accounts are also available through Pandora for Business and SiriusXM for Business, each of which offers a licensed, commercial-free music service for offices, restaurants and other business establishments. 
 Satellite Television Service. Certain of our music channels are offered as part of select programming packages on the DISH Network satellite television service. 
 Travel Link. We offer Travel Link, a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings. 
 Real-Time Traffic Services. We offer services that provide graphic information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems. 
 Real-Time Weather Services. We offer real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. 
 Commercial subscribers to the Sirius XM programming service are included in our subscriber count. Commercial subscribers to the Cloud Cover music programming service are not included in our subscriber count. Subscribers to the DISH Network satellite television service are not included in our subscriber count and subscribers to our Travel Link, real-time traffic services and real-time weather services are not included in our subscriber count, unless the applicable service is purchased by the subscriber separately and not as part of a radio subscription to our service. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Sirius XM Canada 
 Sirius XM holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada, with the remainder of Sirius XM Canada's voting and equity interests held by two shareholders. 
 In 2022, Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada entered into an amended and restated services and distribution agreement. The amended and restated services and distribution agreement modified the existing Services Agreement and terminated the existing Advisory Agreement between Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada. Pursuant to the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee payable by Sirius XM Canada to Sirius XM was modified from a fixed percentage of revenue to a variable fee, based on a target operating profit for Sirius XM Canada. Such variable fee is expected to be evaluated annually based on comparable companies. In accordance with the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee is payable on a monthly basis, in arrears, beginning January 1, 2022. 
 In May 2017, Sirius XM extended a loan to Sirius XM Canada in the principal amount of 131 million. In connection with the execution of the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, Sirius XM forgave 113 million in principal amount of such loan to Sirius XM Canada, leaving an outstanding principal amount of 8 million on such loan. The principal amount that was forgiven by Sirius XM was considered satisfied and as contributed capital from Sirius XM. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Canada had approximately 2.6 million subscribers. Sirius XM Canada s subscribers are not included in our subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. 
 Our Pandora and Off-platform Business 
 Pandora Media, LLC, which owns and operates our Pandora business, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sirius XM. 
 Streaming Radio and On-Demand Music Services 
 Our Pandora business offers a personalized audio entertainment platform for each listener. Users are able to create personalized stations and playlists and search and play songs and albums on-demand. The Pandora service utilizes content programming algorithms, data collected from listeners, and attributes of the music to predict user music preferences, play content suited to the tastes of each listener, and introduce each listener to music consistent with the consumer's preferences. 
 The Pandora service is available on iOS and Android mobile devices, web browsers, and other internet connected devices. The Pandora application is free to download and use. Our Pandora service is also available in vehicles in the United States with smartphone connectivity. Certain automakers now provide embedded streaming connectivity that supports and makes available the Pandora service in vehicles without the need for smartphone connectivity. In addition, our Pandora service is integrated into consumer electronic, voice-based devices and smart speakers. 
 The Pandora service is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). Local and national advertisers deliver targeted messages to our Pandora listeners on the ad-supported service. 
 Ad-Supported Radio Service 
 Our Pandora business offers an ad-supported radio service which allows listeners to access our catalog of music, comedy, live streams and podcasts through personalized stations. This service is free across all platforms and generates stations specific to each listener. Each listener can personalize their stations by adding variety to the content. 
 Listeners of the ad-supported service are provided with the option to temporarily access on-demand listening, including certain features of the Pandora Premium service. We refer to this temporary access as Premium Access . 
 Subscription Radio Service (Pandora Plus) 
 Our Pandora business offers Pandora Plus an ad-free, subscription version of the radio service that includes options for replaying songs, skipping songs, offline listening, and higher quality audio on supported devices. Content provided to each listener of Pandora Plus is more tailored when the listener interacts with the platform. Premium Access is also available to Pandora Plus listeners. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 On-Demand Subscription Service (Pandora Premium) 
 Our Pandora business offers Pandora Premium an on-demand subscription service that combines the radio features of Pandora Plus with an on-demand experience. The on-demand experience provides listeners with the ability to search, play and collect songs and albums, download content for offline listening, build playlists, listen to curated playlists and share playlists on social networks. Listeners can also create partial playlists that Pandora can complete based on the listener s activity. Listeners through mobile devices have access to customized profiles which identify information specific to each listener such as recent favorites, playlists and thumbs. 
 Pandora Premium incorporates social networking features including a centralized stream where listeners can view the music that their social connections are experiencing and provide and receive recommendations for songs, albums and playlists. Pandora Premium also includes a share feature where consumers can share their stations, songs, albums, podcasts or playlists through social media, messaging applications and email. 
 SXM Media 
 SXM Media is a combined sales group spanning our Sirius XM, Pandora, and Stitcher audio entertainment platforms and services. SXM Media has a reach of more than 150 million listeners, and gives brands, creators, and publishers access to the largest digital audio advertising platform in North America. SXM Media also serves as the exclusive advertising representative for other third party platforms and podcasters, including such major entities as SoundCloud and NBCUniversal. 
 SXM Media is the exclusive advertising sales representative for our Sirius XM, Pandora and Stitcher platforms. In addition to subscription fees, Sirius XM derives revenues from advertising on select non-music channels. Pandora s primary source of revenue is the sale of audio, display and video advertising for connected device platforms, including computers and mobile devices. Our Pandora business maintains a portfolio of proprietary advertising technologies which include order management, advertising serving and timing, native advertising formats, targeting and reporting. Pandora provides advertisers with the ability to target and connect with listeners based on various criteria including age, gender, geographic location and content preferences. 
 Stitcher 
 Stitcher licenses original podcasts from their creators and operates content networks. Stitcher also provides podcast advertising services that generate revenue from over 430 shows and offers a mobile app listening platform where consumers can stream the latest in news, sports, talk, and entertainment on demand. Stitcher creates and distributes original podcasts licensed from third parties through platforms such as its Stitcher App and the iPhone podcast App. 
 Stitcher earns revenue by distributing advertising on certain owned and operated podcasts as well as those created by third parties, including placement based on an advertiser s desired target audience, and from the sale of advertising on its licensed podcasts and podcasts offered within the Stitcher App. 
 In addition to advertising revenue, Stitcher earns subscription revenue from its Stitcher Premium subscription service. Users pay a monthly or annual fee for access on Stitcher Premium to premium content and ad-free archived podcast episodes. 
 AdsWizz 
 Through its AdsWizz subsidiary, our Pandora business is a leader in digital audio advertising technology. AdsWizz operates a digital audio advertising market with an end-to-end technology platform, including a digital audio software suite of solutions that connect audio publishers to the advertising community. AdsWizz offers a range of products from dynamic ad insertion to advanced programmatic platforms to innovative new audio formats. AdsWizz s advertising technology also includes ad campaign monitoring tools and other audio advertising products, such as audio formats that enable consumers to trigger an action while listening to an ad as well as other personalization-based technology. 
 AdsWizz s technology is employed by Pandora in its ad-supported business as well as by third party customers. AdsWizz s third party customers include well-known music platforms, podcasts and broadcasting groups worldwide. 
 Simplecast 
 Pandora, through its Simplecast business, also offers a podcast management and analytics platform. Simplecast complements AdsWizz s advertising technology platform, allowing the company to offer podcasters a solution for management, hosting, analytics and advertising sales. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Competition 
 We face significant competition for listeners and advertisers in our Sirius XM business and our Pandora and Off-platform business, including from providers of radio and other audio services. 
 Competition for Subscribers and Listeners 
 Traditional AM/FM Radio 
 Our Sirius XM services and Pandora services compete with traditional AM/FM radio. Traditional AM/FM radio has a well-established demand for its services and offers free broadcasts paid for by commercial advertising rather than by subscription fees. Many radio stations offer information programming of a local nature, such as local news and sports. The availability of traditional free AM/FM radio may reduce the likelihood that customers would be willing to pay for our subscription services. Several traditional radio companies own large numbers of radio stations and other media properties, such as podcast networks. 
 Streaming and On-Demand Competitors 
 Streaming and on-demand services, including Amazon Prime, Apple Music, Spotify and YouTube, compete with our Sirius XM and Pandora services. Major online providers make high fidelity digital streams available at no cost or, in some cases, for less than the cost of a satellite radio subscription. Certain of these services include advanced functionality, such as personalization and customization and allow the user to access large libraries of content. These services, in some instances, are also offered through devices sold by the service providers including Apple, Google and Amazon. For some consumers, these services compete with our services, at home, in vehicles, and wherever audio entertainment is consumed. 
 Advanced In-Dash Infotainment Systems 
 Nearly all automakers have deployed integrated multimedia systems in dashboards, including Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. These systems combine control of audio entertainment from a variety of sources, including AM/FM/HD radio broadcasts, satellite radio, streaming radio, smartphone applications and stored audio, with navigation and other advanced applications. Streaming radio and other data are typically connected to the system through an Internet-enabled smartphone or wireless modem installed in the vehicle, and the entire system may be controlled by touchscreen or voice recognition. These systems enhance the attractiveness of internet based competitors by making such applications more prominent, easier to access, and safer to use in vehicles. 
 Direct Broadcast Satellite and Cable Audio 
 A number of providers offer specialized audio services through either direct broadcast satellite or cable audio systems. These services are targeted to fixed locations, mostly in-home, but also include mobile entertainment. The radio service offered by direct broadcast satellite and cable audio is often included as part of a package of digital services with video service, and video customers generally do not pay an additional monthly charge for the audio service. In addition, other services offered by these providers, such as cable television, on-demand video streaming, and interactive video games compete with our services to the extent they utilize existing or potential users' and listeners' time that could otherwise be allocated to the use of our Sirius XM or Pandora services. 
 Other Digital Media Services 
 The audio entertainment marketplace continues to evolve rapidly, with a steady emergence of new media platforms that compete with both our Sirius XM and Pandora services now or that could compete with those services in the future. 
 Traffic Services 
 For our Sirius XM business, a number of providers compete with our traffic services, particularly by smartphones offering GPS mapping with sophisticated data-based turn navigation. 
 Connected Vehicle Services 
 Our Sirius XM connected vehicle services business operates in a highly competitive environment and competes with several providers as well as with products being developed for vehicles by automakers and other third parties. OnStar, a division of General Motors, also offers connected vehicle services in GM vehicles. Wireless devices, such as mobile phones, are also competitors. We compete against other connected vehicle service providers for automaker arrangements on the basis of innovation, service quality and reliability, technical capabilities and system customization, scope of service, industry experience, past performance and price. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Competition for Advertisers 
 Our competition for advertisers includes large scale online advertising platforms such as Amazon, Facebook and Google; traditional media companies such as television broadcasters and national print outlets; broadcast radio providers; podcast distributors and networks; and companies in the broadcast radio market. We compete against these providers for advertisers on the basis of several factors, including advertisers overall budgets, perceived return on investment, effectiveness and relevance of our advertising platforms, the amount and scope of our data on listeners, price, delivery of large volumes or precise types of advertisements to targeted demographics, transactional capabilities and reporting capabilities. 
 The online advertising marketplace continues to evolve rapidly, particularly with the introduction of new digital advertising technologies and expanding capabilities of larger internet companies. 
 Government Regulation 
 General 
 We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, information security and data protection. There are several States that require specific information security controls to protect certain types of information and specific notifications to consumers in the event of a security breach that compromises certain categories of personal information. Certain of our services are also subject to laws in the United States and abroad pertaining to privacy of user data and other information, including the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation. Our Privacy Policies and customer agreements describe our practices. 
 We believe we comply with all of our obligations under all applicable laws and regulations. 
 Our Sirius XM Business 
 As operators of a privately-owned satellite system, we are regulated by the FCC under the Communications Act of 1934, principally with respect to: 
 the licensing of our satellite systems; 
 preventing interference with or to other users of radio frequencies; and 
 compliance with FCC rules established specifically for U.S. satellites and satellite radio services. 
 Any assignment or transfer of control of our FCC licenses must be approved by the FCC. The FCC's order approving our merger with XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. in July 2008 requires us to comply with certain voluntary commitments we made as part of the FCC merger proceeding. We believe we comply with those commitments. 
 In 1997, we were the winning bidders for FCC licenses to operate a satellite digital audio radio service and provide other ancillary services. Our FCC licenses for our Sirius satellites expire in 2025 and 2030. Our FCC licenses for our XM satellites expire in 2023, 2026 and 2029. We anticipate that, absent significant misconduct on our part, the FCC will renew our licenses to permit operation of our satellites for their useful lives, and grant licenses for any replacement satellites. 
 In some areas, we have installed terrestrial repeaters to supplement our satellite signal coverage. The FCC has established rules governing terrestrial repeaters and has granted us a license through 2027 to operate our repeater network. 
 In certain cases, we obtain FCC certifications for satellite radios, including satellite radios that include FM modulators. We believe our radios that are in production comply with all applicable FCC rules. 
 We are required to obtain export licenses or other approvals from the United States government to export certain equipment, services and technical data related to our satellites and their operations. The transfer of such equipment, services and technical data outside the United States or to foreign persons is subject to strict export control and prior approval requirements from the United States government (including prohibitions on the sharing of certain satellite-related goods and services with China). 
 Changes in law or regulations relating to communications policy or to matters affecting our services could adversely affect our ability to retain our FCC licenses or the manner in which we operate. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Copyrights to Programming 
 In connection with our businesses, we must enter into royalty arrangements with two sets of rights holders: holders of musical compositions copyrights (that is, the music and lyrics) and holders of sound recordings copyrights (that is, the actual recording of a work). Our Sirius XM business and our Pandora business use both statutory and direct music licenses as part of their businesses. We license varying rights - such as performance and mechanical rights - for use in our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses based on the various radio and interactive services they offer. Set forth below is a brief overview of the music composition and sound recording licenses employed by our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses. These music licensing arrangements are complex and the description below is only a summary of these complicated licensing schemes. 
 Musical Compositions: Performance Rights and Mechanical Rights 
 The holders of performance rights in musical compositions, generally songwriters and music publishers, are represented by performing rights organizations such as the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers ASCAP ), Broadcast Music, Inc. BMI ), SESAC, Inc. SESAC and Global Music Rights LLC GMR ). These organizations negotiate fees with copyright users, collect royalties and distribute them to the rights holders. 
 The holders of the mechanical rights in musical compositions, generally songwriters and music publishers, have traditionally licensed these rights through the statutory license set forth in Section 115 of the United States Copyright Act; however, mechanical rights can also be licensed directly. 
 The changing market for musical compositions may have an adverse effect on our Sirius XM business and our Pandora business, including increasing our costs and limiting the musical works available to us. 
 Sirius XM Business. We have arrangements with ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, and GMR to license the musical compositions we perform on our satellite radio and streaming services. Our Sirius XM business does not require a mechanical license. 
 Pandora Business. We have arrangements with ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, GMR and a variety of other copyright owners to license the musical compositions performance rights we use on our Pandora services. For our Pandora ad-supported radio service, certain copyright holders receive as a performance royalty their usage-based and ownership-based share of a royalty pool equal to 21.5 of the content acquisition costs that we pay for sound recordings on our ad-supported service and others receive a fixed fee. 
 Pandora must also license reproduction rights, which are also referred to as mechanical rights, to offer the interactive features of the Pandora services. For our Pandora subscription services, copyright holders receive payments for these rights at the rates determined in accordance with the statutory license set forth in Section 115 of the United States Copyright Act. In January 2018, the Copyright Royalty Board (the CRB set a rate structure for the five-year period commencing January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2022 Phono III ). The rate was the greater of 15.1 of revenues or 26.2 of record label payments in 2022, with each rate prong increasing from slightly lower percentages in years prior to 2022. 
 In July 2022, after the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated the CRB s initial rate determination, the CRB issued a new ruling that retained the first prong from its initial determination (with rates increasing up to 15.1 of revenues in 2022), but revised the second rate prong downward, from 26.2 to 21 of record label payments for each year for 2018-2022. Music publishers have challenged that downward adjustment, and a decision from the CRB on that challenge is expected to be issued in 2023. Following that decision, Pandora will make retroactive adjustments to its 2018-2022 payments to the extent that the new, final rates differ from those under which its previous payments were made. 
 In September 2022, in a CRB proceeding to determine mechanical royalty rates under Section 115 for the five-year period commencing January 1, 2023 and ending December 31, 2027 Phono IV ), the participating music publishers and digital music services, including Pandora, reached a settlement. That settlement set the rates at the greater of 15.1 of revenues or 26.2 of record label payments for 2023, rising over the five-year period to 15.35 of revenues or 26.2 of record label payments by 2027. That settlement was adopted by the CRB on December 30, 2022, and became effective on January 1, 2023. 
 Sound Recordings 
 Operators of a non-interactive satellite radio or streaming service are entitled to license sound recordings under the statutory license contained in Section 114 of the United States Copyright Act (the statutory license ). Under the statutory license, we may negotiate royalty arrangements with the owners of sound recordings or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, the royalty rate is established by the CRB. Sound recording rights holders, typically large record companies, are primarily 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 represented by SoundExchange, Inc. SoundExchange ), an organization which negotiates licenses, and collects and distributes royalties on behalf of record companies and performing artists. 
 Interactive streaming services, such as Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium, do not qualify for the statutory license and those services must negotiate direct license arrangements with the owners of copyrights in sound recordings. 
 Sirius XM Business . For the ten-year period commencing January 1, 2018 and ending on December 31, 2027, the CRB set the royalty rate payable by us under the statutory license covering the performance of sound recordings over our Sirius XM satellite radio service, and the making of ephemeral (server) copies in support of such performances, to be 15.5 of gross revenues, subject to exclusions and adjustments. The revenue subject to royalty includes subscription revenue from our U.S. satellite digital audio radio subscribers, and advertising revenue from channels other than those channels that make only incidental performances of sound recordings. The rates and terms permit us to reduce the payment due each month for those sound recordings directly licensed from copyright owners and exclude from our revenue certain other items, such as royalties paid to us for intellectual property, sales and use taxes, bad debt expense and generally revenue attributable to areas of our business that do not involve the use of copyrighted sound recordings. 
 In 2022, we paid a per performance rate for the streaming of certain sound recordings of 0.0028 on our Sirius XM streaming service which increased from 0.0026 in 2021. 
 Pandora Business. For our Pandora business, we have entered into direct license agreements with major and independent music labels and distributors for a significant majority of the sound recordings that stream on the Pandora ad-supported service, Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium. 
 For sound recordings that we stream and for which we have not entered into a direct license agreement with the sound recording rights holders, the sound recordings are streamed pursuant to the statutory license, and applicable rates thereunder set by the CRB. Sound recordings subject to the statutory license can only be played through our radio services and not through services that are offered on-demand or offline or through any replay features. The royalty rates under many of those direct licenses, which cover a large majority of the sound recordings that we perform on Pandora, are indexed to the statutory rates established by the CRB. 
 Prior to the enactment of the Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act in October 2018, our rights to perform certain sound recordings that were fixed before February 15, 1972 were governed by state law. We still face a class action lawsuit brought by plaintiffs who allege that Pandora violated their alleged exclusive copyright ownership rights to the reproduction of sound recordings created prior to February 15, 1972. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on this action. 
 Trademarks 
 Sirius XM Business 
 We have registered, and intend to maintain, the trademarks Sirius , XM , SiriusXM and SXM with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in connection with the services we offer. We are not aware of any material claims of infringement or other challenges to our right to use the Sirius , XM , SiriusXM or SXM trademarks in the United States. We also have registered, and intend to maintain, trademarks for the names of certain of our channels. We have also registered the trademarks Sirius , XM and SiriusXM in Canada. We have granted a license to use certain of our trademarks in Canada to Sirius XM Canada. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Business 
 We have registered, and intend to maintain, the trademarks Pandora, Ampcast and Music Genome Project, in addition to a number of other Pandora logos and marks, with the United States Patent and Trademark Office in connection with the services we offer. We also have registered the trademark Pandora in Australia, Canada, Chile, the European Union, India, Israel, Mexico, New Zealand, Switzerland, Taiwan and other countries, and the trademark Music Genome Project in Australia, Canada, China and New Zealand. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 General 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 5,869 full-time and part-time employees, the overwhelming majority of which were full-time employees. As of December 31, 2022, our workforce increased by approximately 5 compared to the prior year, and our core voluntary full-time employee turnover rate was approximately 10.1 . 
 Our business relies on our ability to attract, engage and retain talented employees. We strive to create a diverse, inclusive and supportive workplace, with opportunities for our employees to grow and develop in their careers, supported by competitive compensation, benefits and health and wellness programs, and by programs that build connections between our employees and their communities. 
 Our Culture 
 We are focused on creating a culture of integrity and respect, with the goal of working together to drive our business to be creative, innovative and competitive. In 2022, we announced a new set of core values to our workforce: We believe we will shape the future of audio because we are: authentic, inclusive, curious and driven . We intend to employ these core values to inform and guide the decisions and behaviors of our employees. 
 We operate a performance-based environment where results matter and financial discipline is enforced. We have a highly collaborative culture in which employees feel a sense of pride that their input is sought after and valued. At the same time, we believe in holding individuals accountable for results and employees are empowered and expected to do what they say they are going to do. We believe that our culture is a long-term competitive advantage for us, fuels our ability to execute and is a critical underpinning of our employee talent strategy. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors oversees our management continuity planning process, and reviews and evaluates succession plans relating to our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. We cultivate an inclusive environment where human differences are valued, respected, supported and amplified. We have taken actions to recruit, retain, develop and advance a diverse and talented workforce. Our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are led by our Senior Vice President, Head of Diversity, Equity Inclusion. This position regularly reports to our Chief Executive Officer, works with our executive officers and provides updates to our Board of Directors. The charter for the Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors requires such committee to review and make recommendations, as the committee deems appropriate, regarding the composition and size of the Board of Directors in order to ensure the Board of Directors has the requisite expertise and its membership consists of persons with sufficiently diverse and independent backgrounds. 
 We periodically request our employees to voluntarily self-identify personal information related to gender, race, ethnicity, veteran and disability status. This information about the demographics of our employee population allows us to assess and evaluate our diversity, equity and inclusion efforts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 41 of our employees identified as women and 38 identified as people of color (African American, Latinx, Asian, and Native American). At our executive leadership level (which we define as employees at the vice president and above level), 32 of our employees identified as women and 15 identified as people of color. We expect to release updated information regarding the composition of our workforce on an annual basis. 
 We are focused on increasing the representation of women and people of color at all levels of our organization. We recruit talent in diverse communities, including by engaging as a sponsor of professional conferences focused on diverse talent. Our Pathways program provides recent graduates of Historically Black Colleges and Universities with entry-level full-time opportunities. We also have agreements with third parties designed to offer leadership development for Black, Latinx, Native American and Asian employees. Additionally, we provide a mentoring program to help underrepresented employees benefit from coaching, guidance, and feedback. We have five employee resource groups, including groups supporting women, people of color, veterans, the LGBTQIA+ community and employees with disabilities. 
 We have implemented a broad set of anti-harassment and discrimination policies designed to protect against discrimination based upon sex, gender, race, color, religion/religious creed, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, age, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex stereotype, transgender, immigration status, military and protected veteran status, medical condition, or any basis prohibited 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 under federal, state or local law. We also provide regular training and guidance to our workforce regarding diversity, equity and inclusion. Our Can We Talk? initiative is aimed at increasing cultural awareness and promoting dialogue. We also offer a program we call Conscious Inclusion, a facilitator-led training required for all of our full-time U.S. based employees. Conscious Inclusion enables employees to explore bias and its impact, learn how it translates to reactions and behaviors towards differences, and is designed to promote inclusive behaviors in our workplace. 
 We also comply with the FCC s Equal Employment Opportunity EEO rules, including making our EEO reports publicly available. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 We are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs, including benefits that support their physical and mental health. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 We operate in a highly competitive and technologically challenging environment. We provide competitive compensation and benefits programs for our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs (which vary by employee level and by the country where the employees are located) include, among other items, bonuses, equity-based compensation awards, a 401(k) plan and a non-qualified deferred compensation plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, paid parental leave, fertility resources, advocacy resources, flexible work schedules and employee assistance programs. 
 Talent Development 
 We provide numerous training opportunities for our employees, with a focus on continuous learning and development and methodologies to manage performance, provide feedback and develop talent. To supplement the training offerings and variety of content available to our employees, we launched LinkedIn Learning in 2022. LinkedIn Learning is an online learning platform which provides our employees with access to on-demand courses, covering a wide range of technical, business, software, and creative topics. We also have an internal digital workplace which provides employees with quick access to learning resources that cover a variety of topics. 
 Our talent development programs attempt to provide employees resources to achieve career goals and build management and leadership skills. We offer mentoring programs, management training and leadership sessions to support the professional growth of our employees. 
 Building Connections With Each Other and our Communities 
 Building connections between our employees, their families and our communities can, in our view, create a more meaningful, fulfilling and enjoyable workplace. Through our engagement programs, employees can pursue their interests and hobbies, and connect to each other and to volunteering and giving opportunities. 
 Our corporate giving and volunteering programs encourage employees to give to the causes most meaningful to them. We have a charitable matching program which offers employees a dollar for dollar match on their charitable contributions up to a specific cap. In addition, full-time employees are eligible to receive five days of paid time off to volunteer with charitable organizations of their choice. During 2022, over 450 employees volunteered over 6,000 hours, while over 800 employees utilized our charitable matching program, benefiting more than 1,000 charitable organizations. 
 In 2020, we contributed 25 million to a donor advised fund to support our charitable contributions, an effort we call SiriusXM Cares. Over the past three years, SiriusXM Cares contributed to a variety of organizations which promote social equality, education, hiring, or combat racial injustice, including The Apollo Theater, The Smithsonian Institute s National Museum of African American History and Culture, Save The Music, Huston-Tillotson University, Asian Americans Advancing Justice, South Asian Americans Leading Together, the Alliance for Women in Media, the Human Rights Campaign, TASH (an international advocacy association of people with disabilities, their family members, other advocates, and people who work in the disability field), the League of United Latin American Citizens, the Native American Rights Fund, The Warrior Alliance, the AutoNation Foundation, the St. Thomas Aquinas College Social Justice Center, United Jewish Appeal Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of NY, Inc., City of Hope, United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, and The Last Mile. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate Information and Available Information 
 Our executive offices are located at 1221 Avenue of the Americas, 35th floor, New York, New York 10020 and our telephone number is (212) 584-5100. Our internet address is www.siriusxm.com. Our annual, quarterly and current reports, and any amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), may be accessed free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we have electronically filed or furnished such material with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Siriusxm.com (including any other reference to such address in this Annual Report) is an inactive textual reference only, meaning that the information contained on or accessible from the website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated in this report by reference. We may use our website as a distribution channel of material company information. Financial and other important information regarding us is routinely posted on and accessible through our website at https://www.siriusxm.com. In addition, you may automatically receive email alerts and other information about us when you enroll your email address by visiting the Email Alerts section under the Shareholder Services heading at http://investor.siriusxm.com/investor-overview. 
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Certain information regarding our executive officers as of January 31, 2023 is provided below: 
 Name Age Position Jennifer C. Witz 54 Chief Executive Officer Scott A. Greenstein 63 President, Chief Content Officer Patrick L. Donnelly 61 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Joseph Inzerillo 
 50 Chief Product and Technology Officer 
 Sean S. Sullivan 55 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Joseph A. Verbrugge 53 Chief Commercial Officer 
 Jennifer C. Witz has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2021. From March 2019 through December 2020, she was our President, Sales, Marketing and Operations. From August 2017 until March 2019 she was our Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer. Ms. Witz joined us in March 2002 and has served in a variety of senior financial and operating roles. Before joining Sirius XM, Ms. Witz was Vice President, Planning and Development, at Viacom Inc., a global media company, and prior to that she was Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development, at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc., an entertainment company focused on the production and global distribution of film and television content. Ms. Witz began her career in the Investment Banking Department at Kidder, Peabody Co Inc. 
 Scott A. Greenstein has served as our President and Chief Content Officer since May 2004. Prior to May 2004, Mr. Greenstein was Chief Executive Officer of The Greenstein Group, a media and entertainment consulting firm. From 1999 until 2002, he was Chairman of USA Films, a motion picture production, marketing and distribution company. From 1997 until 1999, Mr. Greenstein was Co-President of October Films, a motion picture production, marketing and distribution company. Prior to joining October Films, Mr. Greenstein was Senior Vice President of Motion Pictures, Music, New Media and Publishing at Miramax Films, and held senior positions at Viacom Inc. 
 Patrick L. Donnelly has served as our Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, since May 1998. From June 1997 to May 1998, he was Vice President and Deputy General Counsel of ITT Corporation, a hotel, gaming and entertainment company that was acquired by Starwood Hotels Resorts Worldwide, Inc. in February 1998. From October 1995 to June 1997, he was assistant general counsel of ITT Corporation. Prior to October 1995, Mr. Donnelly was an attorney at the law firm of Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP. 
 Joseph Inzerillo has served as our Chief Product and Technology Officer since January 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Inzerillo was the Executive Vice President Chief Technology Officer Disney Streaming since 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Inzerillo held a variety of senior technology positions at Major League Baseball and its subsidiaries. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Inzerillo served as Executive Vice President Chief Technology Officer of BAMTech Media, a distributor of direct-to-consumer video and a provider of video streaming solutions. Mr. Inzerillo was the Chief Technology Officer of Major League Baseball Advanced Media, LP from 2014 through 2015, and the Senior Vice President of Multimedia Distribution of that entity from 2006 to 2014. During his tenure at Major League Baseball Advanced Media, LP, Mr. Inzerillo also served as Chief Technology Officer for Major League Baseball. Mr. Inzerillo started his career with the Chicago White Sox and was the Chief Technology Officer of the United Center, home of the Chicago Bulls and Chicago Blackhawks. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Sean S. Sullivan has served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since October 2020. From June 2011 to October 2020, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AMC Networks Inc., a global entertainment company. From September 2010 to June 2011, he was the Chief Corporate Officer of Rainbow Media Holdings LLC, the predecessor of AMC Networks Inc. and then a subsidiary of Cablevision Systems Corp. Prior to that, Mr. Sullivan was Chief Financial Officer of HiT Entertainment, a children s entertainment company, from 2009 to 2010; the Chief Financial Officer and President of the Commercial Print and Packaging division of Cenveo, Inc., a diversified manufacturing company focused on print-related products, from 2005 to 2008; and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Spencer Press, Inc., a catalogue printing company, from 2004 to 2005. He is a member of the board of directors of Acushnet Holdings Corp., a leader in the design, development, manufacturing and distribution of golf products, and serves on its nominating and corporate governance committee and is the chair of its audit committee. 
 Joseph A. Verbrugge has served as our Chief Commercial Officer since June 2022. Mr. Verbrugge has served in many senior positions during his 19-year career with us . Mr. Verbrugge served as our Executive Vice President, SXM Digital Subscriptions, from January 2022 until June 2022; as our Executive Vice President, Sales and Development, from October 2020 until January 2022; as our Executive Vice President, Division President, Connected Vehicle, from March 2019 until October 2020; as our Executive Vice President and General Manager, Emerging Business, from April 2017 until March 2019; and as our Executive Vice President, Sales and Development, from December 2015 until April 2017. From September 2004 through December 2015, Mr. Verbrugge served in various senior positions for us and XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. Mr. Verbrugge was a consultant with The Dealy Strategy Group LLC, a management consulting firm specializing in international satellite communications and information services companies, from 1999 until 2004. Mr. Verbrugge is a member of the board of directors of Stride, Inc., a provider of tech-enabled education solutions, and serves on its compensation committee. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the information under the caption Item 1. Business Competition, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements following this Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Operations 
 We have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by supply chain issues. 
 The issues associated with the global supply chain for parts and components is having wide-ranging effects across multiple industries, including direct and indirect effects on our business. 
 Automakers are experiencing, and may continue to experience, delays in securing certain components that are essential to the production of new vehicles for a variety of reasons, including due to the global semiconductor supply shortage and the war in Ukraine. These affected automakers manufacture and sell vehicles that include our satellite radios. For example, some automobile plants in North America and elsewhere have at times halted or reduced vehicle production due to the shortage of certain components used in the production of their vehicles. As a result, these supply chain shortages have had, and may continue to have, an impact on new vehicle production and deliveries, which in turn may affect our subscriber acquisition efforts. 
 We also have experienced, and may continue to experience, delays in securing certain application specific integrated circuits (which are commonly referred to as chipsets that are essential components of our satellite radios. Delays or the unavailability of these components could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial conditions. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by the war in Ukraine. 
 The war in Ukraine, and any expansion of the war in Ukraine to surrounding areas, could adversely affect our business and operations. 
 The war in Ukraine could affect the supply of certain components that we rely on in connection with our business and operations, such as software and certain subsystems that may be planned to be integrated as part of our satellites currently under construction for our system. In addition, our AdsWizz subsidiary is headquartered in Romania and we rely on other contractors 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 in Eastern European countries, such as Poland. An expansion of the war in Ukraine to other countries, particularly Romania, could materially affect our ability to deliver advertisements on our Pandora services and for third parties. 
 
 We face substantial competition and that competition is likely to increase over time. 
 We compete for the time and attention of our listeners with other content providers on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of experience, relevance, acceptance and perception of content quality, ease of use, price, accessibility, brand awareness, reputation and, in the case of our ad-supported Pandora service, perception of ad load, features and functionality. As consumer tastes and preferences change on the internet and with mobile and other connected products, including cars, in-home, and wearable devices, we will need to enhance and improve our existing services, introduce new services and features, and attempt to maintain our competitive position with additional technological advances and adaptable platforms. Neither the Sirius XM App nor the Pandora App has been significantly updated in several years. If we fail to keep pace with technological advances or fail to offer compelling product offerings and state-of-the-art delivery platforms to meet consumer demands, our ability to grow or maintain the reach of our services, attract and retain users, and attract listeners and subscribers across our services will be adversely affected. Our ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners also depends on our success in creating and providing popular or unique programming. A summary of certain services that compete with us is contained in the section entitled Item 1. Business - Competition of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our subscribers and listeners can obtain similar content for free through terrestrial radio stations, YouTube and other internet services. We also compete for the time and attention of our listeners with providers of other in-home and mobile entertainment services, and we compete for advertising sales with large scale online advertising platforms, such as Amazon, Facebook and Google, and with traditional media outlets. 
 Our streaming services also compete for listeners on the basis of the presence and visibility of our apps, which are distributed via app stores operated by Apple and Google. We face significant competition for listeners from these companies, which also promote their own music and content. In addition, our competitors streaming products may be pre-loaded or integrated into consumer electronics products or automobiles more broadly than our streaming products, creating a visibility advantage. If we are unable to compete successfully for listeners against other media providers, then our business may suffer. Additionally, the operator of an app store may reject our app or amend the terms of their license in a way that inhibits our ability to distribute our apps, negatively affects our business, or limits our ability to increase subscribers and listeners. 
 Competition could result in lower subscription, advertising or other revenue and an increase in our expenses and, consequently, lower our earnings and free cash flow. We cannot assure you we will be able to compete successfully with our existing or future competitors or that competition will not have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 If our efforts to attract and retain subscribers and listeners, or convert listeners into subscribers, are not successful, our business will be adversely affected. 
 Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to attract new subscribers and listeners and retain our current subscribers and listeners. 
 Our ability to increase the number of subscribers and listeners to our services, retain our subscribers and listeners or convert listeners into subscribers, is uncertain and subject to many factors, including: 
 the price of our service; 
 the ease of use of our service; 
 the effectiveness of our marketing programs; 
 with respect to our Sirius XM service, the sale or lease rate of new vehicles in the United States; 
 the rate at which our self-pay subscribers to our Sirius XM service buy and sell new and used vehicles in the United States; 
 our ability to convince owners and lessees of new and used vehicles that include satellite radios to purchase subscriptions to our Sirius XM service; 
 the perceived value of our programming and the packages and services we offer; 
 our ability to introduce features in a manner that is favorably received by consumers; 
 our ability to keep up with rapidly evolving technology and features in audio entertainment; 
 our ability to respond to evolving consumer tastes; and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 actions by our competitors, such as Spotify, Apple, Google, Amazon and other audio entertainment and information providers. 
 
 We engage in extensive marketing efforts and the continued effectiveness of those efforts is an important part of our business. 
 We engage in extensive marketing efforts across a broad range of media to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to our services. We employ a wide variety of communications tools as part of our marketing campaigns, including telemarketing efforts and email solicitations. The effectiveness of our marketing efforts is affected by a broad range of factors, including creative and execution factors. Our ability to reach consumers with radio and television advertising, direct mail materials, email solicitations and telephone calls is an important part of our efforts and a significant factor in the effectiveness of our marketing. If we are unable to reach consumers through email solicitations or telemarketing, including as a result of spam and email filters, call blocking technologies, consumer privacy regulations or "do-not-call" or other marketing regulations, our marketing efforts will be adversely affected. A decline in the effectiveness of our marketing efforts could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 We rely on third parties for the operation of our business, and the failure of third parties to perform could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business depends, in part, on various third parties, including: 
 manufacturers that build and distribute satellite radios; 
 companies that manufacture and sell integrated circuits for satellite radios; 
 third-party software that supports our apps and services; 
 programming providers, including agreements with owners of various copyrights in music, and on-air talent; 
 vendors that operate our call centers; 
 vendors that have designed or built, and vendors that support or operate, other important elements of our systems, including our satellites and cloud-based systems we use; 
 Apple, who distributes our apps through its App Store and who, in the case of our Pandora service, we rely on to collect fees and approve the terms of our consumer offers; and 
 Google, who distributes our apps through its App Store and who, in the case of our Pandora service, we rely on to collect fees and approve the terms of our consumer offers, and who plays an important role in the fulfillment of the ads we sell on our Pandora platform. 
 If one or more of these third parties do not perform in a satisfactory or timely manner, including complying with our standards and practices relating to business integrity, personnel and cybersecurity, our business could be adversely affected. 
 The operation of our apps and service offerings could be impaired if errors occur in the third party software that supports our apps and services. It is difficult for us to correct any defects in third party software because the development and maintenance of the software is not within our control. Our third party licensors may not continue to make their software available to us on acceptable terms, invest the appropriate levels of resources in their software to maintain and enhance its capabilities, or remain in business. Failure of these third party licensors could harm our streaming services. 
 In addition, a number of third parties on which we depend have experienced, and may in the future experience, financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy protection. Such third parties may not be able to perform their obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all, as a result of their financial condition or may be relieved of their obligations to us as part of seeking bankruptcy protection. 
 
 Failure to successfully monetize and generate revenues from podcasts and other non-music content could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Delivering podcasts and other non-music content involves risks and challenges, including increased competition and the need to develop new relationships with creators. We have entered into multi-year commitments for original podcast content that is produced by third parties. These agreements generally provide us the right to distribute the content and act as the exclusive agent for the sale of advertising in the podcasts. Payment terms for certain podcast content typically requires more upfront cash payments, including minimum guarantees to the owner or creator of the podcast, than other content licenses or arrangements. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Given the multiple-year duration and largely fixed-cost nature of such commitments, if the attractiveness of such podcast content to our listeners and subscribers do not meet our expectations, our margins could be adversely impacted. In addition, the advertising market for podcasts is still developing, including the advertising technology necessary to efficiently sell podcast advertising at scale. As a result, our ability to profitably monetize the available advertising opportunities in podcasts remains uncertain. 
 Growing our podcasting business may require additional changes to our business model and cost structure, modifications to our infrastructure, and could expose us to new regulatory, legal and reputational risks, including infringement liability. There is no guarantee that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue from podcasts to offset the costs of creating or acquiring this content. Our failure to successfully monetize and generate revenues from such content, including failure to obtain or retain rights to podcasts or other non-music content on acceptable terms, or at all, or to effectively manage the numerous risks and challenges associated with such expansion, could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 We may not realize the benefits of acquisitions or other strategic investments and initiatives. 
 Our strategy includes selective acquisitions, other strategic investments and initiatives in an effort to expand our business. The success of any acquisition depends upon effective integration, cultural assimilation and management of acquired businesses and assets into our operations, which is subject to risks and uncertainties, including realizing the growth potential, the anticipated synergies and cost savings, the ability to retain and attract personnel, the diversion of management s attention for other business concerns, and undisclosed or potential legal liabilities of the acquired business or assets. 
 The integration process could distract our management, disrupt our ongoing business or result in inconsistencies in our services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. 
 
 The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has introduced significant uncertainty to our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has introduced uncertainties to our business. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our results depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with certainty, including the resurgence of COVID-19 and its variants that may be occurring. Another broad shutdown of businesses, either in the United States or globally, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic would have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 The impact of economic conditions may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending. Some of the factors that may influence consumer spending on entertainment include general economic conditions, the availability of discretionary income, consumer confidence, interest rates, inflationary pressure, and general uncertainty regarding the overall economic environment. 
 
 The demand for entertainment generally is sensitive to downturns in the economy and the corresponding impact on discretionary consumer spending. Any actual or perceived deterioration or weakness in general, regional or local economic conditions, as well as other adverse economic or market conditions due to COVID-19 or otherwise, could reduce our subscribers or potential subscribers discretionary income. To the extent that overall economic conditions reduce spending on discretionary items, our ability to attract and retain subscribers could be hindered, which could reduce our subscription revenue and negatively impact our business. 
 
 Additionally, our financial performance is subject to economic conditions and their impact on levels of advertising spending. Expenditures by advertisers generally tend to reflect overall economic conditions, and reductions in spending by advertisers could have an adverse impact on our revenue and business. See Our Pandora business generates a significant portion of its revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers could harm our business . 
 
 Risks Relating to our Sirius XM Business 
 
 A substantial number of our Sirius XM service subscribers periodically cancel their subscriptions and we cannot predict how successful we will be at retaining customers. 
 As part of our business, we experience, and expect to experience in the future, subscriber turnover (i.e., churn). If we are unable to retain current subscribers at expected rates, or the costs of retaining subscribers are higher than expected, our financial performance and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 We cannot predict how successful we will be at retaining customers who purchase or lease vehicles that include a subscription to our Sirius XM service. A substantial percentage of our Sirius XM subscribers are on discounted pricing plans 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and our ability to retain these subscribers or migrate them to higher priced plans is uncertain. Our discounted pricing strategy is widely known, and this may interfere with our ability to collect our ordinary subscription prices. In addition, a substantial number of those subscribers periodically cancel their subscriptions when offered a subscription at a higher price. 
 
 Our ability to profitably attract and retain subscribers to our Sirius XM service is uncertain. 
 A number of factors may affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers to our Sirius XM service. Over time the changing demographics of our subscriber base, such as the increase in Millennial generation customers, may increase the number of subscribers accustomed to consuming entertainment through ad-supported products. These changing demographics may affect our ability to convert trial subscribers into self-paying subscribers. Similarly, our efforts to acquire subscribers purchasing or leasing used vehicles may attract price sensitive consumers. Consumers purchasing or leasing used vehicles may be more price sensitive than consumers purchasing or leasing new vehicles, may convert from trial subscribers to self-paying subscribers at a lower rate, and may cancel their subscriptions more frequently than consumers purchasing or leasing new vehicles. Some of our marketing efforts may also attract more price sensitive subscribers, and our efforts to increase the penetration of satellite radios in new, lower-priced vehicle lines may result in the growth of more economy-minded subscribers. Each of these factors may harm our revenue or require additional spending on marketing efforts to demonstrate the value of our Sirius XM service. 
 
 Our business depends in part upon the auto industry. 
 A substantial portion of the subscription growth for our satellite radio service has come from purchasers and lessees of new and used automobiles in the United States, and we expect this to be an important source of subscribers for our satellite radio service in the future. 
 We have agreements with major automakers to include satellite radios in new vehicles, although these agreements do not require automakers to install specific or minimum quantities of radios in any given period. These agreements also require automakers to provide us data on sales of satellite radio enabled vehicles, including in many cases the consumer s name and address. Our business could be adversely affected if automakers do not continue to include our Sirius XM service in their products or provide us with such data. 
 Automotive production and sales are dependent on many factors, including the availability of vehicle components, consumer credit, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and fuel costs. To the extent vehicle sales by automakers decline, or the penetration of factory-installed satellite radios in those vehicles is reduced, subscriber growth for our satellite radio service may be adversely impacted. 
 Sales of used vehicles represent a significant source of new subscribers for our satellite radio service. We have agreements with auto dealers and companies operating in the used vehicle market to provide us with data on sales of used satellite radio enabled vehicles, including in many cases the consumer s name and address. The continuing availability of this data is important, and the loss of such data may harm our revenue and business. 
 
 Failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business. 
 The lives of the satellites required to operate our Sirius XM service vary depending on a number of factors, including: 
 degradation and durability of solar panels; 
 quality of construction; 
 random failure of satellite components, which could result in significant damage to or loss of a satellite; 
 amount of fuel the satellite consumes; 
 the performance of third parties that manage the operation of our satellites; and 
 damage or destruction as a result of electrostatic storms, terrorist attacks, collisions with other objects in space or other events, such as nuclear detonations, occurring in space. 
 In the ordinary course of operation, satellites experience failures of component parts and operational and performance anomalies. Components on several of our in-orbit satellites have failed, and from time to time we have experienced anomalies in the operation and performance of these satellites. These failures and anomalies are expected to continue in the ordinary course, and we cannot predict if any of these possible future events will have a material adverse effect on our operations or the life of our existing in-orbit satellites. In addition, our Sirius network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single third party satellite. Our XM network of terrestrial repeaters communicates with a single XM satellite. If the satellites 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 communicating with the applicable repeater network fail unexpectedly, the services would be disrupted for several hours or longer. 
 Any material failure of our operating satellites could cause us to lose customers for our Sirius XM service and could materially harm our reputation and our operating results. We do not have insurance for our in-orbit satellites. Additional information regarding our fleet of satellites is contained in the section entitled Item 1. Business - Satellites, Terrestrial Repeaters and Other Satellite Facilities of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our Sirius XM service may experience harmful interference from wireless operations. 
 The development of applications and services in spectrum adjacent to the frequencies licensed to us, as well as the combination of signals in other frequencies, may cause harmful interference to our satellite radio service in certain areas of the United States. Certain operations or combination of operations permitted by the FCC in spectrum, other than our licensed frequencies, results in the loss of signal to our service, and the reception of our satellite radio service can be adversely affected in certain areas. Elimination of this interference may not be possible in all cases. In other cases, our efforts to reduce this interference may require extensive engineering efforts and additions to our terrestrial infrastructure. These mitigation efforts may be costly and take several years to implement and may not be entirely effective. In certain cases, we are dependent on the FCC to assist us in preventing harmful interference to our service. 
 
 Risks Relating to our Pandora Business 
 
 Our Pandora ad-supported business has suffered a substantial and consistent loss of monthly active users, which may adversely affect our Pandora business. 
 The number of monthly active users to our ad-supported Pandora business has declined consistently for several years, including in 2022, and is likely to further contract in the future. 
 The size of our ad-supported listener base is an important element of our Pandora business. The decline in our listener base has resulted in fewer listener hours and available advertising spots on our Pandora service, which ultimately may result in declines in our advertising revenue, and adversely affect our Pandora business. The contraction of our ad-supported listener base also decreases the size of demographic groups targeted by advertisers, which may hurt our ability to deliver advertising in a manner that maximizes advertisers return on investment and compete with other streaming advertising platforms. 
 
 Our Pandora business generates a significant portion of its revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers could harm our business. 
 Our Pandora business currently generates a majority of its revenues from third parties advertising on its ad-supported service. As is common in the audio entertainment industry, Pandora s advertisers do not have long-term advertising commitments with us and can terminate their contracts at any time. 
 Expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adverse macroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for audio advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts advertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 
 Our failure to convince advertisers of the benefits of our Pandora ad-supported service could harm our business. 
 Our ability to attract and retain advertisers, and ultimately to sell our advertising inventory, depends on a number of factors, including: 
 the number of listener hours on the Pandora ad-supported service, particularly the number of listener hours attributable to high-value demographics; 
 keeping pace with changes in technology and our competitors, some of which have significant influence over the distribution of our Pandora app; 
 competing effectively for advertising with other dominant online services, such as Spotify, Google and Facebook, as well as other marketing and media outlets; 
 successfully competing for local radio advertising; 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 demonstrating the ability of advertisements to reach targeted audiences, including the value of mobile digital advertising; 
 ensuring that new ad formats and ad product offerings are attractive to advertisers and that inventory management decisions (such as changes to ad load, frequency, prominence and quality of ads that we serve listeners) do not have a negative impact on listener hours; and 
 adapting to technologies designed to block the display of our ads. 
 Advertisers may leave us for competing alternatives at any time. Failure to demonstrate to advertisers the value of our Pandora service would result in reduced spending by, or loss of, advertisers, which would harm our revenue and business. 
 
 If we are unable to maintain revenue growth from our advertising products our results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 In order to effectively monetize listener hours, we must, among other things, penetrate local advertising markets and develop compelling ad product solutions. 
 The substantial majority of the total listening to our Pandora service occurs on mobile devices. We are engaged in efforts to continue to convince advertisers of the capabilities and value of mobile digital advertising and to direct an increasing portion of their advertising spend to our ad-supported Pandora service. 
 We are continuing to build our sales capability to penetrate local advertising markets, which places us in competition with terrestrial radio. We may not be able to capture an increasing share of local and audio advertising revenue, which may have an adverse impact on our future revenue. 
 
 Changes to mobile operating systems and browsers may hinder our ability to sell advertising and market our services. 
 We use shared common device identifiers that are universal in the advertising technology ecosystem, such as Apple s Identifier for Advertisers, a random device identifier assigned by Apple to a user's device. We use these common device identifiers for targeting, advertising effectiveness and measurement for the Pandora s advertising business and for Pandora s consumer marketing purposes. These common device identifiers enable us to match audiences, including with second- and third-party data providers and measurement vendors, and enhance Pandora s advertising targeting segments with additional data. In our programmatic advertising business, we use common identifiers for several important functions, such as targeting and bidding. We also use common device identifiers to evaluate the success of our Pandora brand consumer marketing campaigns. 
 Apple, as well as mobile operating system and browser providers, have implemented product features and plans that may adversely impact our ability to use these common identifiers and data collected in connection with these common identifiers in our Pandora business. 
 
 If we fail to accurately predict and play music, comedy or other content that our Pandora listeners enjoy, we may fail to retain existing and attract new listeners. 
 A key differentiating factor between our Pandora service and other music content providers is our ability to predict music that our listeners will enjoy. The effectiveness of our personalized playlist generating system depends, in part, on our ability to gather and effectively analyze large amounts of listener data and feedback. We may not continue to be successful in enticing listeners to our Pandora service to give a thumbs-up or thumbs-down to enough songs to effectively predict and select new and existing songs. In addition, our ability to offer listeners songs that they have not previously heard and impart a sense of discovery depends on our ability to acquire and appropriately categorize additional tracks that will appeal to our listeners diverse and changing tastes. Many of our competitors currently have larger music and content catalogs than we offer and they may be more effective in providing their listeners with an appealing listener experience. 
 We also provide comedy and podcast content on our Pandora service, and we try to predict what our listeners will enjoy using technology similar to the technology that we use to generate personalized playlists for music. The risks that apply to our ability to satisfy our listeners musical tastes apply to comedy, podcasts and other content to an even greater extent, particularly since we do not yet have as large a data set on listener preferences for comedy, podcasts and other content, and have a smaller catalog of such content as compared to music. 
 Our ability to predict and select music, comedy, podcasts and other content that our listeners enjoy is important to the perceived value of our Pandora service to consumers and the failure to make accurate predictions would adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners, increase listener hours and sell advertising. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Laws and Governmental Regulations 
 
 Privacy and data security laws and regulations may hinder our ability to market our services, sell advertising and impose legal liabilities. 
 We receive a substantial amount of personal data on purchasers and lessees of new and used vehicles from third parties. We use this personal data to market our services. We collect and use demographic, service usage, purchase history and other information, including location information, from and about our listeners through the internet. Further, we and third parties use tracking technologies, including cookies and related technologies, to help us manage and track our listeners interactions with our services and deliver relevant advertising. 
 Various federal and state laws and regulations, as well as the laws of foreign jurisdictions, govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of the personal data we receive. Privacy groups and government authorities have increasingly scrutinized the ways in which companies collect and share personal data, including linking personal identities and data associated with particular users or devices with data collected through the internet, and we expect such scrutiny to increase. Alleged violations of laws and regulations relating to privacy and personal data may expose us to potential liability, may require us to expend significant resources in responding to and defending such allegations and claims and could in the future result in negative publicity and a loss of confidence in us by our subscribers, listeners, advertisers and other third parties with whom we do business. 
 Privacy-related laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and the European General Data Protection Regulation, are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. Various federal and state legislative and regulatory bodies as well as foreign legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current or enact new laws regarding privacy and data security-related matters. New laws, amendments to or re-interpretations of existing laws and contractual obligations, as well as changes in our listeners expectations and demands regarding privacy and data security, may limit our ability to collect and use consumer data. Restrictions on our ability to receive, collect and use consumer data could limit our ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to our services. In addition, restrictions on our ability to collect, access and process listener data, or to use or disclose listener data or profiles that we develop using such data, could limit our ability to market our content and services to our potential listeners and offer targeted advertising opportunities to our advertisers, each of which are important to our business. Increased regulation of personal data utilization practices and compliance administration could increase our costs of operation or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 Consumer protection laws and our failure to comply with them could damage our business. 
 Federal and state consumer protection laws, rules and regulations cover nearly all aspects of our marketing efforts, including the content of our advertising, the terms of consumer offers and the manner in which we communicate with consumers. A number of governmental authorities have commenced investigations into our consumer practices, including the manner in which we allow consumers to cancel subscriptions to our services. The nature of our business requires us to expend significant resources to try to ensure that our marketing activities comply with consumer protection laws, including laws relating to telemarketing activities and privacy. These efforts may not be successful, and we may have to expend even greater resources in our compliance efforts. 
 Modifications to consumer protection laws, including decisions by courts and administrative agencies interpreting these laws, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain subscribers and listeners to our services. There can be no assurance that new laws or regulations will not be enacted or adopted, preexisting laws or regulations will not be more strictly enforced or that our operations will comply with all applicable laws, which could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 
 
 Failure to comply with FCC requirements could damage our business. 
 We hold FCC licenses and authorizations to operate commercial satellite radio services in the United States, including satellites, terrestrial repeaters and related authorizations. The FCC generally grants licenses and authorizations for a fixed term. Although we expect our licenses and authorizations to be renewed in the ordinary course upon their expiration, there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Any assignment or transfer of control of any of our FCC licenses or authorizations must be approved in advance by the FCC. 
 The operation of our satellite radio systems is subject to significant regulation by the FCC under authority granted through the Communications Act of 1934 and related federal law. We are required, among other things, to operate only within specified frequencies; to coordinate our satellite radio services with radio systems operating in the same range of frequencies in neighboring countries; and to coordinate our communications links to our satellites with other systems that operate in the same frequency band. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Noncompliance by us with these requirements or other conditions or with other applicable FCC rules and regulations could result in fines, additional license conditions, license revocation or other detrimental FCC actions. There is no guarantee that Congress will not modify the statutory framework governing our services, or that the FCC will not modify its rules and regulations in a manner that would have an adverse impact on our operations. 
 
 Risks Associated with Data and Cybersecurity and the Protection of Consumer Information 
 
 If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers, we could be subject to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation could suffer. 
 The nature of our business involves the receipt and storage of personal information about our subscribers and listeners including, in many cases, credit and debit card information. We have a program in place to detect and respond to data security incidents. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data systems are constantly evolving and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access to data pertaining to our customers, including credit card and debit card information and other personally identifiable information. Our services, which are supported by our own systems and those of third-party vendors, could be subject to computer malware and attacks as well as to catastrophic events (such as fires, floods, hurricanes, or tornadoes), any of which could lead to system interruptions, delays, or shutdowns, causing loss of critical data or the unauthorized access to personally identifiable information. 
 If we fail to protect the security of personal information about our customers or if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs on our systems or a vendor s systems, we could be exposed to costly government enforcement actions and private litigation and our reputation could suffer. We may also be required to expend significant resources to address these problems, including notification under various data privacy regulations, and our reputation and operating results could suffer. In addition, our subscribers and listeners, as well as potential customers, could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue the use of our services. This loss of confidence would also harm our efforts to attract and retain advertisers and to obtain personal information from third parties, and unauthorized access to our programming would potentially create additional royalty expense with no corresponding revenue. Such events could adversely affect our results of operations. The costs of maintaining adequate protection, including insurance protection, against such threats as they develop in the future (or as legal requirements related to data security increase) could be material. 
 In addition, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other forms of deceiving our employees, contractors or other agents. We may not be able to effectively control the unauthorized actions of third parties who may have access to the data we collect. 
 We may integrate the Pandora service with apps provided by third parties. In such case, we may not be able to control such third parties use of listeners data, ensure their compliance with the terms of our contracts and our privacy policies, or prevent unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, information, any of which could expose us to potential liability and negative publicity and could cause our listeners and advertisers to discontinue use of our services. 
 To date, we are not aware that we have had a significant cyber-attack or breach that has had a material impact on our business or results of operations. We have implemented systems and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive, confidential and personal data, including through the use of encryption and authentication technologies. Additionally, we have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and timely response to potential security anomalies. 
 The cyber security measures we have implemented, however, may not be sufficient to prevent all possible attacks and may be vulnerable to hacking, employee error, ransom attacks, malfeasance, system error, faulty password management or other irregularities. Further, the development and maintenance of these measures are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. 
 
 Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair the delivery of our service and harm our business. 
 We rely on systems housed at our own premises and at those of third party vendors to enable subscribers and listeners to access our Pandora and Sirius XM services in a dependable and efficient manner. Any degradation in the quality, or any failure, of our systems could reduce our revenues, cause us to lose customers and damage our brands. Although we have implemented practices designed to maintain the availability of the information technology systems we rely on and mitigate the harm of any unplanned interruptions, we cannot anticipate all eventualities. We occasionally experience unplanned outages or 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 technical difficulties. We could also experience loss of data or processing capabilities, which could cause us to lose customers and could harm our reputation and operating results. 
 We rely on internal systems and external systems maintained by manufacturers, distributors and service providers to take, fulfill and handle customer service requests and host certain online activities. Any interruption or failure of our internal or external systems could prevent us from servicing customers or cause data to be unintentionally disclosed. Our services have experienced, and we expect them to continue to experience, periodic service interruptions and delays involving our own systems and those of our vendors. 
 Our data centers and our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses or other attempts to harm our systems. The occurrence of any of these events could result in interruptions in our services and unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the content and data contained on our systems and that these third party vendors store and deliver on our behalf. 
 Damage or interruption to our data centers and information technology and communications centers could expose us to data loss or manipulation, disruption of service, monetary and reputational damages, competitive disadvantage and significant increases in compliance costs and costs to improve the security and resiliency of our computer systems. The compromise of personal, confidential or proprietary information could also subject us to legal liability or regulatory action under evolving cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws and regulations enacted by the U.S. federal and state governments or other foreign jurisdictions or by various regulatory organizations. As a result, our ability to conduct our business and our results of operations might be adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Associated with Certain Intellectual Property Rights 
 
 The market for music rights is changing and is subject to significant uncertainties. 
 We must maintain music programming royalty arrangements with, and pay license fees to, owners of rights in musical works in order to operate our services. Traditionally, BMI, ASCAP, SESAC and GMR have negotiated for these copyright users, collected royalties and distributed them to songwriters and music publishers. These traditional arrangements are changing. The fracturing of the traditional system for licensing rights in musical works may have significant consequences to our business, including increasing licensing costs and reducing the availability of certain pieces for use on our services. 
 Under the United States Copyright Act, we also must pay royalties to copyright owners of sound recordings for the performance of such sound recordings on our Sirius XM service. Those royalty rates may be established through negotiation or, if negotiation is unsuccessful, by the Copyright Royalty Board. Owners of copyrights in sound recordings have created SoundExchange, a collective organization, to collect and distribute royalties. SoundExchange is exempt by statute from certain U.S. antitrust laws and exercises significant market power in the licensing of sound recordings. Under the terms of the Copyright Royalty Board s existing decision governing sound recording royalties for satellite radio, we are required to pay a royalty based on our gross revenues associated with our satellite radio service, subject to certain exclusions, of 15.5 per year through December 31, 2027. 
 
 Our Pandora services depend upon maintaining complex licenses with copyright owners, and these licenses contain onerous terms. 
 Pandora has direct license agreements with many sound recording copyright and musical work copyright owners. These agreements grant us the right to operate Pandora Premium, and add interactive features, such as replays, additional skips and offline play, to Pandora s ad-supported service and to Pandora Plus. 
 The economic terms of these direct licenses are onerous and, as a result, we may not be able to profitably operate the Pandora services. However, the economic terms of these direct licenses may be market, given the rates paid by Pandora s competitors. Competition for Pandora s services are primarily offered by entities that provide music and entertainment services as a small part of a larger business, such as Apple, Google and Amazon. These competitors have the ability to bear these onerous economic provisions to a much greater extent than our Pandora business. We may not be able to negotiate or obtain lower royalty rates under these direct licenses. 
 These direct licenses are complex. We may not be in compliance with the terms of these licenses, which could result in the loss of some or all of these licenses and some or all of the rights they convey. Similarly, many of these licenses provide that if the licensor loses rights in a portion of the content licensed under the agreement, that content may be removed from the license going-forward. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 If Pandora fails to maintain these direct licenses, or if rights to certain music were no longer available under these licenses, then we may have to remove the affected music from Pandora s services, or discontinue certain interactive features for such music, and it might become commercially impractical for us to operate Pandora Premium, Pandora Plus or certain features of our advertising supported service. Any of these occurrences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Several of these direct licenses also include provisions related to the terms of those agreements relative to other content licensing arrangements, which are commonly referred to as most favored nation clauses. These provisions have caused, and may in the future cause, our payments under those agreements to escalate substantially. In addition, many record labels, music publishers and performing rights organizations have the right to audit our royalty payments, and these audits often result in disputes over whether we have paid the proper amounts. As a result of such audits, we could be required to pay additional amounts, audit fees and interest or penalties, and the amounts involved could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 There is no guarantee that these direct licenses will be renewed in the future or that such licenses will be available on the economic terms associated with the current licenses. If we are unable to secure and maintain direct licenses for the rights to provide music on our Pandora services on terms similar to those under our current direct licenses, our content costs could rise and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The rates we must pay for mechanical rights to use musical works on our Pandora service have increased substantially and these rates may adversely affect our business. 
 Pandora has direct licenses with thousands of music publishers. Those licenses provide that the royalty rate for reproduction rights or mechanical rights , which are required to offer the interactive features of our Pandora services, are determined by the rate formula set by the CRB for the compulsory license made available by Section 115 of the Copyright Act. These royalty rates also apply to Pandora s use of musical works for which we do not have a direct license with the copyright owners. 
 The CRB significantly increased the rates for these rights for the period commencing January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2022, and the participating music publishers and digital music services, including Pandora, have reached a settlement for the period commencing January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2027 which will further significantly increase these rates. These higher rates for mechanical rights may have an adverse effect the business, financial condition and results of operations of Pandora. For additional information on these mechanical royalty rates, See Business Copyrights to Programming Sound Recordings Pandora Business. 
 
 Failure to protect our intellectual property or actions by third parties to enforce their intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 Development of our systems has depended upon the intellectual property that we have developed, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties. If the intellectual property that we have developed or use is not adequately protected, others will be permitted to and may duplicate portions of our systems or services without liability. In addition, others may challenge, invalidate, render unenforceable or circumvent our intellectual property rights, patents or existing licenses or we may face significant legal costs in connection with defending and enforcing those intellectual property rights. Some of the know-how and technology we have developed, and plan to develop, is not now, nor will it be, covered by U.S. patents or trade secret protections. Trade secret protection and contractual agreements may not provide adequate protection if there is any unauthorized use or disclosure. The loss of necessary technologies could require us to substitute technologies of lower quality performance standards, at greater cost or on a delayed basis, which could harm us. 
 Other parties may have patents or pending patent applications, which will later mature into patents or inventions that may block or put limits on our ability to operate our system or license our technologies. We may have to resort to litigation to enforce our rights under license agreements or to determine the scope and validity of other parties proprietary rights in the subject matter of those licenses. This may be expensive and we may not succeed in any such litigation. 
 Third parties may assert claims or bring suit against us for patent, trademark or copyright infringement, or for other infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could be costly, divert our efforts from our business, subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties, block our ability to operate our services or license our technology, or otherwise adversely affect our ability to successfully develop and market our services. 
 
 Some of our services and technologies may use open source software, which may restrict how we use or distribute our services or require that we release the source code subject to those licenses. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 We may incorporate in some products software licensed under open source licenses. Open source licenses often require that the source code be made available to the public and that any modifications or derivative works to the open source software continue to be licensed under open source licenses. Few courts have interpreted open source licenses, and the manner in which these licenses may be interpreted and enforced is therefore subject to uncertainty. In the event that portions of our proprietary technology are determined to be subject to an open source license, we may be required to publicly release portions of our source code, be forced to re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our technologies, each of which could adversely affect our ability to sustain and grow our business. 
 
 Rapid technological and industry changes and new entrants could adversely impact our services. 
 The audio entertainment industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent product and feature innovations, changes in customer requirements and expectations, evolving standards and new entrants offering products and services. If we are unable to keep pace with these changes, our business may not succeed. Products using new technologies could make our services less competitive in the marketplace. 
 
 Risks Related to our Capital and Ownership Structure 
 
 We have a significant amount of indebtedness, and our debt contains certain covenants that restrict our operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an aggregate principal amount of approximately 9.5 billion of indebtedness outstanding. 
 Our indebtedness increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; requires us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on indebtedness, reducing the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures, marketing and other general corporate activities; limits our ability to borrow additional funds; and may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the audio entertainment industry. 
 In addition, our borrowings under our Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility carry a variable interest rate based on London Inter-bank Offered Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest (except for the Incremental Term Loan which carries a variable interest rate based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR )). LIBOR is the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. On July 27, 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that it intends to phase out LIBOR. On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, in the case of the one week and two month U.S. dollar settings; and (b) immediately after June 30, 2023, in the case of the remaining U.S. dollar settings. The United States Federal Reserve has also advised banks to cease entering into new contracts that use USD LIBOR as a reference rate. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market participants, has identified SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. At this time, it is not possible to predict how markets will respond to SOFR or other alternative reference rates as the transition away from the LIBOR benchmarks is anticipated in coming years. Accordingly, the outcome of these reforms is uncertain and any changes in the methods by which LIBOR is determined or regulatory activity related to LIBOR s phaseout could cause LIBOR to perform differently than in the past or cease to exist. The consequences of these developments cannot be entirely predicted, but could include an increase in the cost of our borrowings under the Credit Facility. In addition, we may, in the future, hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using hedging instruments such as swaps, caps, options, forwards, futures or other similar products. These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against material interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NASDAQ listing rules and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. 
 We are a controlled company for the purposes of the NASDAQ Stock Market listing rules. As such, we have elected not to comply with certain NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. Although a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors, we do not have a compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee that consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of NASDAQ. 
 
 While we currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock, we may change our dividend policy at any time. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We currently pay a quarterly cash dividend to holders of our common stock, although we have no obligation to do so, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice to our stockholders. The declaration and payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after considering various factors, including our financial condition, operating results, current and anticipated cash needs, limitations imposed by our indebtedness, legal requirements and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 
 
 Our principal stockholder has significant influence, including over actions requiring stockholder approval, and its interests may differ from the interests of other holders of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Media beneficially owned approximately 82 of Holdings common stock and has the ability to influence our affairs, policies and operations. Three Liberty Media executives and one other member of the board of directors of Liberty Media are members of our board of directors. Our board of directors currently has thirteen members. Gregory B. Maffei, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Media, is the Chairman of Holdings board of directors. Our board of directors is responsible for, among other things, the appointment of executive management, future issuances of common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, the incurrence of debt, and the approval of various transactions. 
 Liberty Media can also determine the outcome of all matters requiring general stockholder approval, including the election of the board of directors and changes to our certificate of incorporation or by-laws. Liberty Media can also cause or prevent a change of control of Holdings and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of our company. The concentration of ownership could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock as part of a sale of our company and might ultimately affect the market price of our common stock. In certain cases, the interests of Liberty Media may not be aligned with the interests of other stockholders of Holdings. 
 
 Other Operational Risks 
 
 If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 We believe that our success depends on our continued ability to attract and retain qualified management, sales, technical and other personnel. All of our employees, including our executive officers, are free to terminate their employment with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business may be difficult to replace. 
 Qualified individuals are in high demand, particularly in the media and technology industries and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain employees. If we are unable to attract and retain our key employees, we may not be able to achieve our objectives, and our business could be harmed. 
 
 Our facilities could be damaged by natural catastrophes or terrorist activities. 
 An earthquake, hurricane, tornado, flood, cyber-attack, terrorist attack, civil unrest or other catastrophic event could damage our data centers, studios, terrestrial repeater networks or satellite uplink facilities, interrupt our services and harm our business. We also have significant operations in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can be caused or exacerbated by climate change. 
 Any damage to the satellites that transmit to our terrestrial repeater networks would likely result in degradation of the affected service for some Sirius XM subscribers and could result in complete loss of Sirius XM satellite service in certain or all areas. Damage to our satellite uplink facilities could result in a complete loss of our Sirius XM satellite service until we could transfer operations to suitable back-up facilities. 
 
 The unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial condition. 
 We are parties to several legal proceedings arising out of various aspects of our business, including possible class actions arising out of our marketing practices. The outcome of these proceedings may not be favorable, and one or more unfavorable outcomes could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 We may be exposed to liabilities that other entertainment service providers would not customarily be subject to. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We design, establish specifications, source or specify parts and components, and manage various aspects of the logistics of the production of satellite radios and our apps. As a result of these activities, we may be exposed to liabilities associated with the design, manufacture and distribution of radios and apps that the providers of an entertainment service would not customarily be subject to, such as liabilities for design defects, patent infringement and compliance with applicable laws, as well as the costs of returned product. 
 
 Our business and prospects depend on the strength of our brands. 
 Maintaining and enhancing our brands is an important part of our strategy to expand our base of subscribers, listeners and advertisers. Our brands may be impaired by a number of factors, including service outages, data privacy and security issues and exploitation of our trademarks by others without permission. Our ability to maintain and enhance our brands also depends in part on our ability to continue to develop and provide an innovative and high-quality entertainment experience, which we may not do successfully. 
 Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 We have made various statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may also be made in our other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC, in our press releases and in other documents. In addition, from time to time, we, through our management, may make oral forward-looking statements. For example, these forward-looking statements may include, among other things, our statements about our outlook and our future results of operations and financial condition; share repurchase plans; the impact of economic and market conditions; and the impact of recent acquisitions. The words will likely result, are expected to, will continue, is anticipated, estimated, believe, intend, plan, may, should, could, would, likely, projection, outlook and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including those identified above, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. We caution you that the risk factors described above are not exclusive. There may also be other risks that we are unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Below is a list of the principal properties that we own or lease: 
 Sirius XM 
 Location Purpose Own/Lease New York, NY Corporate headquarters, office facilities and studio/production facilities Lease Washington, DC Office and studio/production facilities Own Lawrenceville, NJ Office and technical/engineering facilities Lease Deerfield Beach, FL Office and technical/engineering facilities Lease Farmington Hills, MI Office and technical/engineering facilities Lease Nashville, TN Studio/production facilities Lease Vernon, NJ Technical/engineering facilities Own Ellenwood, GA Technical/engineering facilities Lease Fredericksburg, VA Warehouse and technical/engineering facilities Lease Los Angeles, CA Office and studio/production facilities Lease Irving, TX Office and engineering facilities/call center Lease San Francisco, CA Office and engineering facilities Lease Ashburn, VA Data center Lease Miami Beach, FL Office and studio/production facilities Lease 
 We also lease other small facilities that we use as offices for our advertising sales personnel, studios and warehouse and maintenance space. These facilities are not material to our business or operations. 
 In addition, we lease or license space at approximately 540 locations for use in connection with the terrestrial repeater networks that support our satellite radio services. In general, these leases and licenses are for space on building rooftops and communications towers. None of these individual locations are material to our business or operations. 
 Pandora 
 Location Purpose Own/Lease Oakland, CA Office and technical/engineering facilities Lease New York, NY Office, sales and studio/production facilities Lease Atlanta, GA Office, sales and technical/engineering facilities Lease Santa Monica, CA Office and sales facilities Lease 
 We also lease other small facilities that we use as offices for our sales and office personnel. These facilities are not material to our business or operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a discussion of our Legal Proceedings, refer to Note 16 in the notes to our audited consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol SIRI. On January 31, 2023, there were approximately 6,309 record holders of our common stock. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 As of December 31, 2022, our board of directors had authorized us to repurchase an aggregate of 18.0 billion of our common stock and have not establish an end date for this stock repurchase program. Shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market, pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, in privately negotiated transactions, including transactions with Liberty Media and its affiliates, or otherwise. As of December 31, 2022, our cumulative repurchases since December 2012 under our stock repurchase program totaled 3.7 billion shares for approximately 16.6 billion, and approximately 1.4 billion remained available under our existing 18.0 billion stock repurchase program. The size and timing of our repurchases will be based on a number of factors, including price and business and market conditions. 
 The following table provides information about our purchases of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act during the quarter ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (a) October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 6,300,000 6.08 6,300,000 1,448,119,446 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 1,200,000 6.13 1,200,000 1,440,768,426 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 1,440,768,426 Total 7,500,000 6.09 7,500,000 
 (a) These amounts include fees and commissions associated with the shares repurchased. All of these repurchases were made pursuant to our share repurchase program. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURNS 
 Set forth below is a graph comparing the cumulative performance of our common stock with the Standard Poor's Composite-500 Stock Index, or the S P 500, the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index, the published industry index we previously used for the purposes of the SEC rules, and the S P 500 Media Entertainment Index, the new published industry index we have selected to use, from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022. The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in each of our common stock, the S P 500, the NASDAQ Telecommunications Index and the S P 500 Media Entertainment Index . 
 In November 2016, we paid our first quarterly dividend. Our board of directors expects to declare regular quarterly dividends. 
 
 Stockholder Return Performance Table 
 NASDAQ Telecommunications Index S P 500 Index S P 500 Media Entertainment Index Sirius XM Holdings Inc. December 31, 2017 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 December 31, 2018 103.03 93.76 89.12 106.53 December 31, 2019 114.76 120.84 119.08 133.40 December 31, 2020 140.05 140.49 156.20 118.84 December 31, 2021 146.74 178.27 197.87 118.47 December 31, 2022 109.72 143.61 110.68 108.96 
 We determined to change the published industry index used for the required performance graph as the S P 500 Media and Entertainment Index more appropriately reflects the companies with which we compete, including for talent. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table provides information about our common stock that may be issued upon exercise of options, warrants and rights under our equity compensation plans. Information is as of December 31, 2022. 
 Plan Category (shares in millions) 
 Number of Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (1) 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (2) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 219 5.55 122 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 219 5.55 122 
 __________ 
 (1) In addition to shares issuable upon exercise of stock options, amount also includes approximately 85 shares underlying restricted stock units, including performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs and dividend equivalents thereon. The number of shares to be issued in respect of PRSUs and dividend equivalents thereon have been calculated based on the assumption that the maximum levels of performance applicable to the PRSUs will be achieved. 
 (2) The weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights relates solely to stock options, which are the only currently outstanding exercisable security. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those described under Item 1A - Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements. 
 All amounts referenced in this Item 7 are in millions, except subscriber amounts are in thousands and per subscriber and per installation amounts are in ones, unless otherwise stated. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Executive Summary 
 We operate two complementary audio entertainment businesses - one of which we refer to as SiriusXM and the second of which we refer to as Pandora and Off-platform . 
 
 Sirius XM 
 Our Sirius XM business features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the United States on a subscription fee basis. Sirius XM's packages include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through our two proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via applications for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Satellite radios are primarily distributed through automakers, retailers and our website. Our Sirius XM service is also available through our in-car user interface, which we call 360L, that combines our satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. 
 The primary source of revenue from our Sirius XM business is subscription fees, with most of our customers subscribing to monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual plans. We also derive revenue from advertising on select non-music channels, which is sold under the SXM Media brand, direct sales of our satellite radios and accessories, and other ancillary services. As of December 31, 2022, our Sirius XM business had approximately 34.3 million subscribers. 
 In addition to our audio entertainment businesses, we provide connected vehicle services to several automakers. These services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience of consumers. We also offer a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings, a traffic information service that includes information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems, and real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. 
 Sirius XM also holds a 70 equity interest and 33 voting interest in Sirius XM Canada. Sirius XM Canada's subscribers are not included in our subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. 
 
 Pandora and Off-platform 
 Pandora operates a music and podcast streaming discovery platform, offering a personalized experience for each listener wherever and whenever they want to listen, whether through computers, tablets, mobile devices, vehicle speakers or connected devices. Pandora enables listeners to create personalized stations and playlists, discover new content, hear artist- and expert-curated playlists, podcasts and select Sirius XM content as well as search and play songs and albums on-demand. Pandora is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). As of December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 6.2 million subscribers. 
 The majority of revenue from Pandora is generated from advertising on our Pandora ad-supported radio service which is sold under the SXM Media brand. We also derive subscription revenue from our Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium subscribers. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 We also sell advertising on other audio platforms and in widely distributed podcasts, which we consider to be off-platform services. We have an arrangement with SoundCloud Holdings, LLC ("SoundCloud") to be its exclusive ad sales representative in the US and certain European countries and offer advertisers the ability to execute campaigns across the Pandora and SoundCloud platforms. We also have arrangements to serve as the ad sales representative for certain podcasts. In addition, through AdsWizz Inc., we provide a comprehensive digital audio and programmatic advertising technology platform, which connects audio publishers and advertisers with a variety of ad insertion, campaign trafficking, yield optimization, programmatic buying, marketplace and podcast monetization solutions. 
 
 Liberty Media 
 As of December 31, 2022, Liberty Media beneficially owned, directly and indirectly, approximately 82 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company for the purposes of the NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Set forth below are our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 1, 2022 for our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020. The results of operations are presented for each of our reporting segments for revenue and cost of services and on a consolidated basis for all other items. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Amount Revenue Sirius XM: Subscriber revenue 6,370 6,084 286 5 Advertising revenue 196 188 8 4 Equipment revenue 189 201 (12) (6) Other revenue 150 151 (1) (1) Total Sirius XM revenue 6,905 6,624 281 4 Pandora and Off-platform: Subscriber revenue 522 530 (8) (2) Advertising revenue 1,576 1,542 34 2 Total Pandora and Off-platform revenue 2,098 2,072 26 1 Total consolidated revenue 9,003 8,696 307 4 Cost of services Sirius XM: Revenue share and royalties 1,552 1,532 20 1 Programming and content 546 511 35 7 Customer service and billing 415 415 Transmission 158 159 (1) (1) Cost of equipment 13 18 (5) (28) Total Sirius XM cost of services 2,684 2,635 49 2 Pandora and Off-platform: Revenue share and royalties 1,250 1,140 110 10 Programming and content 58 48 10 21 Customer service and billing 82 86 (4) (5) Transmission 56 59 (3) (5) Total Pandora and Off-platform cost of services 1,446 1,333 113 8 Total consolidated cost of services 4,130 3,968 162 4 Subscriber acquisition costs 352 325 27 8 Sales and marketing 1,075 1,056 19 2 Engineering, design and development 285 265 20 8 General and administrative 525 514 11 2 Depreciation and amortization 536 533 3 1 Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs 64 20 44 nm Total operating expenses 6,967 6,681 286 4 Income from operations 2,036 2,015 21 1 Other (expense) income: Interest expense (422) (415) (7) (2) Loss on extinguishment of debt (83) 83 nm Other (expense) income (9) 9 (18) nm Total other expense (431) (489) 58 12 Income before income taxes 1,605 1,526 79 5 Income tax expense (392) (212) (180) (85) Net income 1,213 1,314 (101) (8) 
 nm - not meaningful 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Sirius XM Revenue 
 Sirius XM Subscriber Revenue includes fees charged for self-pay and paid promotional subscriptions, U.S. Music Royalty Fees and other ancillary fees. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, subscriber revenue was 6,370 and 6,084, respectively, an increase of 5 , or 286. The increase was primarily driven by growth in our ARPU of 6 and in our self-pay subscriber base of 1 driving higher self-pay revenue and U.S. Music Royalty Fees, partially offset by lower revenue generated from automakers offering paid promotional subscriptions. 
 We expect subscriber revenues to increase based on increases in the average price of our subscriptions. 
 Sirius XM Advertising Revenue includes the sale of advertising on Sirius XM s non-music channels. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, advertising revenue was 196 and 188, respectively, an increase of 4 , or 8. The increase was due to a greater number of spots sold and aired primarily on sports and news channels. 
 
 We expect our Sirius XM advertising revenue to grow as we improve monetization opportunities through SXM Media, our advertising sales group. 
 Sirius XM Equipment Revenue includes revenue and royalties from the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, equipment revenue was 189 and 201, respectively, a decrease of 6 , or 12. The decrease was driven by lower royalties due to supplier cost increases related to the semiconductor supply shortages as well as lower radio sales; partially offset by higher chipset production driven by an increase in OEM demand. 
 
 We expect equipment revenue to decrease due to the semiconductor supply shortages driving higher chipset costs. 
 Sirius XM Other Revenue includes service and advisory revenue from Sirius XM Canada, revenue from our connected vehicle services, and ancillary revenues. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other revenue was 150 and 151, respectively, a decrease of 1 , or 1. The decrease was primarily driven by lower revenue generated from our connected vehicle services, partially offset by higher revenue generated by Sirius XM Canada. 
 We expect other revenue to decline as revenue generated by Sirius XM Canada and from our connected vehicle services decrease. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Revenue 
 Pandora and Off-platform Subscriber Revenue includes fees charged for Pandora Plus, Pandora Premium, Stitcher and Simplecast subscriptions. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pandora and Off-platform subscriber revenue was 522 and 530, respectively, a decrease of 2 , or 8. The decrease was primarily driven by the decline in Pandora's subscriber base. 
 We expect Pandora and Off-platform subscriber revenues to decline slightly. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Advertising Revenue is generated primarily from audio, display and video advertising from on-platform and off-platform advertising. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Pandora and Off-platform advertising revenue was 1,576 and 1,542, respectively, an increase of 2 , or 34. The increase was primarily driven by additional revenue generated by our Off-platform and podcast businesses, partially offset by a decline in on-platform revenue. 
 We expect Pandora and Off-platform advertising revenue to remain relatively flat given macroeconomic trends as growth in our Off-platform and podcast businesses is offset by a decline in on-platform revenue. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Total Consolidated Revenue 
 Total Consolidated Revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was 9,003 and 8,696, respectively, an increase of 4 , or 307. 
 Sirius XM Cost of Services 
 Sirius XM Cost of Services includes revenue share and royalties, programming and content, customer service and billing and transmission expenses. 
 Sirius XM Revenue Share and Royalties include royalties for transmitting content, including streaming royalties, as well as automaker, content provider and advertising revenue share. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue share and royalties were 1,552 and 1,532, respectively, an increase of 1 , or 20, but decreased as a percentage of total Sirius XM revenue. The increase was driven by overall greater revenues subject to revenue share. 
 We expect our Sirius XM revenue share and royalty costs to increase as our revenues grow. 
 Sirius XM Programming and Content includes costs to acquire, create, promote and produce content. We have entered into various agreements with third parties for music and non-music programming that require us to pay license fees and other amounts. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, programming and content expenses were 546 and 511, respectively, an increase of 7 , or 35, and increased as a percentage of total Sirius XM revenue. The increase was driven by higher content licensing costs. 
 We expect our Sirius XM programming and content expenses to increase as we offer additional programming and renew or replace expiring agreements. 
 Sirius XM Customer Service and Billing includes costs associated with the operation and management of internal and third party customer service centers, and our subscriber management systems as well as billing and collection costs, bad debt expense, and transaction fees. 
 For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, customer service and billing expenses were 415 and decreased as a percentage of total Sirius XM revenue. Higher transaction costs and bad debt expense resulting from a higher self-pay subscriber base were offset by lower call center costs. 
 We expect our Sirius XM customer service and billing expenses to remain relatively flat. 
 Sirius XM Transmission consists of costs associated with the operation and maintenance of our terrestrial repeater networks; satellites; satellite telemetry, tracking and control systems; satellite uplink facilities; studios; and delivery of our Internet and 360L streaming and connected vehicle services. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, transmission expenses were 158 and 159, respectively, a decrease of 1 , or 1, and decreased as a percentage of total Sirius XM revenue. The decrease was primarily driven by lower wireless costs, partially offset by costs associated with consumers using our 360L platform. 
 We expect our Sirius XM transmission expenses to increase as costs associated with consumers using our 360L platform rise and investments in streaming grow. 
 Sirius XM Cost of Equipment includes costs from the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories and provisions for inventory allowance attributable to products purchased for resale in our direct to consumer distribution channels. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cost of equipment was 13 and 18, respectively, a decrease of 28 , or 5, and decreased as a percentage of equipment revenue. The decrease was driven by lower component and accessories sales. 
 We expect our Sirius XM cost of equipment to remain relatively flat. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Pandora and Off-platform Cost of Services 
 Pandora and Off-platform Cost of Services includes revenue share and royalties, programming and content, customer service and billing, and transmission expenses. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Revenue Share and Royalties includes licensing fees paid for streaming music or other content to our subscribers and listeners as well as revenue share paid to third party ad servers. We make payments to third party ad servers for the period the advertising impressions are delivered or click-through actions occur, and accordingly, we record this as a cost of service in the related period. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue share and royalties were 1,250 and 1,140, respectively, an increase of 10 , or 110, and increased as a percentage of total Pandora revenue. The increase was primarily due to costs related to the acquisition of rights to sell advertising in certain podcasts. 
 We expect our Pandora and Off-platform revenue share and royalties to increase based on a variety of music-related factors, including higher royalty rates under the statutory webcasting license, and additional costs associated with our podcast distribution agreements. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Programming and Content includes costs to produce live listener events and promote content. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, programming and content expenses were 58 and 48, respectively, an increase of 21 , or 10, and increased as a percentage of total Pandora revenue. The increase was primarily attributable to higher personnel-related costs. 
 We expect our Pandora and Off-platform programming and content costs to increase as we offer additional programming and produce live listener events and promotions. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Customer Service and Billing includes transaction fees on subscription purchases through mobile app stores and bad debt expense. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, customer service and billing expenses were 82 and 86, respectively, a decrease of 5 , or 4, and decreased as a percentage of total Pandora revenue. The decrease was primarily driven by lower transaction fees. 
 We expect our Pandora and Off-platform customer service and billing costs to decrease with declines in our subscriber base. 
 Pandora and Off-platform Transmission includes costs associated with content streaming, maintaining our streaming radio and on-demand subscription services and creating and serving advertisements through third-party ad servers. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, transmission expenses were 56 and 59, respectively, a decrease of 5 , or 3, and decreased as a percentage of total Pandora revenue. The decrease was primarily driven by lower personnel-related costs. 
 We expect our Pandora and Off-platform transmission costs to decrease as a result of lower listener hours. 
 Operating Costs 
 Subscriber Acquisition Costs are costs associated with our satellite radio service and include hardware subsidies paid to radio manufacturers, distributors and automakers; subsidies paid for chipsets and certain other components used in manufacturing radios; device royalties for certain radios and chipsets; product warranty obligations; and freight. The majority of subscriber acquisition costs are incurred and expensed in advance of acquiring a subscriber. Subscriber acquisition costs do not include advertising costs, marketing, loyalty payments to distributors and dealers of satellite radios or revenue share payments to automakers and retailers of satellite radios. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, subscriber acquisition costs were 352 and 325, respectively, an increase of 8 , or 27, and increased as a percentage of total revenue. The increase was driven by OEM installations which grew 10 , compared to the prior year. 
 We expect subscriber acquisition costs to fluctuate with OEM installations. We intend to continue to offer subsidies and other incentives to induce OEMs to include our technology in their vehicles. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing includes costs for marketing, advertising, media and production, including promotional events and sponsorships; cooperative and artist marketing; and personnel related costs including salaries, commissions, and sales support. Marketing costs include expenses related to direct mail, outbound telemarketing, email communications, social media, television and performance media. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, sales and marketing expenses were 1,075 and 1,056, respectively, an increase of 2 , or 19, but decreased as a percentage of total revenue. The increase was primarily due to additional investments in advertising and marketing to support our brands and streaming marketing expenditures. 
 We anticipate that sales and marketing expenses will decline slightly based on current levels of direct marketing, performance media, and brand marketing spend associated with acquiring and retaining listeners and subscribers. 
 Engineering, Design and Development consists primarily of compensation and related costs to develop chipsets and new products and services, including streaming and connected vehicle services, research and development for broadcast information systems and the design and development costs to incorporate Sirius XM radios into new vehicles manufactured by automakers. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, engineering, design and development expenses were 285 and 265, respectively, an increase of 8 , or 20, and increased as a percentage of total revenue. The increase was driven primarily by higher cloud hosting costs as well as higher personnel-related costs. 
 We expect engineering, design and development expenses to increase in future periods as we continue to develop our infrastructure, products and services. 
 General and Administrative primarily consists of compensation and related costs for personnel and facilities, and include costs related to our finance, legal, human resources and information technologies departments. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, general and administrative expenses were 525 and 514, respectively, an increase of 2 , or 11, and decreased as a percentage of total revenue. The increase was primarily driven by higher legal, data center, and consulting costs, partially offset by lower personnel-related costs. 
 We expect our general and administrative expenses to remain relatively flat. 
 Depreciation and Amortization represents the recognition in earnings of the cost of assets used in operations, including our satellite constellations, property, equipment and intangible assets, over their estimated service lives. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, depreciation and amortization expense was 536 and 533, respectively, an increase of 1 , or 3, and decreased as a percentage of total revenue. The increase was driven by the addition of software that was developed and placed in service. 
 Impairment, Restructuring and Acquisition Costs represents impairment charges, net of insurance recoveries, associated with the carrying amount of an asset exceeding the asset's fair value, restructuring expenses associated with the abandonment of certain leased office spaces and acquisition costs. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, impairment, restructuring, and acquisition costs were 64 and 20, respectively. During 2022, we recorded an impairment of 43 associated with terminated software projects, 16 related to certain vacated office spaces, 5 in connection with furniture and equipment located at the impaired office spaces, and 6 related to personnel severance as well as acquisition related costs of 2; partially offset by 8 from the gain on sale of real estate. During 2021, we recorded restructuring costs of 25 resulting from the termination of leased office space and 12 related to acquisition costs, partially offset by the reversal of a liability related to the Stitcher acquisition. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Interest Expense includes interest on outstanding debt. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense was 422 and 415, respectively, an increase of 2 , or 7. The increase was primarily driven by a higher average outstanding debt balance as well as lower capitalized interest, partially offset by lower interest rates. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt includes losses incurred as a result of the redemption of certain debt. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, loss on extinguishment of debt was 0 and 83, respectively. The loss on extinguishment of debt recorded in 2021 was due to the redemption of 1,000 principal amount of Sirius XM's 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 3.875 Senior Notes due 2022, 1,500 principal amount of Sirius XM's 4.625 Senior Notes due 2024, and 1,000 principal amount of Sirius XM's 5.375 Senior Notes due 2026. 
 Other (Expense) Income primarily includes realized and unrealized gains and losses from our Deferred Compensation Plan and other investments, interest and dividend income, our share of the income or loss from equity investments in Sirius XM Canada and SoundCloud, and transaction costs related to non-operating investments. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other (expense) income was (9) and 9, respectively. Other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by trading losses associated with the investments held for our Deferred Compensation Plan. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily driven by interest earned on our loan to Sirius XM Canada. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income Tax Expense includes the change in our deferred tax assets, current federal and state tax expenses, and foreign withholding taxes. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, income tax expense was 392 and 212, respectively, and our effective tax rate was 24.4 and 13.9 , respectively. 
 Our effective tax rate of 24.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily impacted by federal and state income tax expense as well as changes in state valuation allowance, partially offset by a benefit related to research and development and certain other credits. Our effective tax rate of 13.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily impacted by federal and state income tax expense, partially offset by settlements with various states as well as a benefit related to research and development and certain other credits. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Key Financial and Operating Performance Metrics 
 In this section, we present certain financial performance measures, some of which are presented as Non-GAAP items, which include free cash flow and adjusted EBITDA. We also present certain operating performance measures. Our adjusted EBITDA excludes the impact of share-based payment expense. Additionally, when applicable, our adjusted EBITDA metric excludes the effect of significant items that do not relate to the on-going performance of our business. We use these Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures to manage our business, to set operational goals and as a basis for determining performance-based compensation for our employees. See the accompanying Glossary for more details and for the reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure (where applicable). 
 We believe these Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures provide useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations. We believe these Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures may be useful to investors in evaluating our core trends because they provide a more direct view of our underlying costs. We believe investors may use our adjusted EBITDA to estimate our current enterprise value and to make investment decisions. We believe free cash flow provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our cash available for future subscriber acquisitions and capital expenditures, to repurchase or retire debt, to acquire other companies and our ability to return capital to stockholders. By providing these Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures, together with the reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measure (where applicable), we believe we are enhancing investors' understanding of our business and our results of operations. 
 Our Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for or superior to, our reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition, our Non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly-titled measures by other companies. Please refer to the Glossary for a further discussion of such Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measure (where applicable). Subscribers and subscription related revenues and expenses associated with our connected vehicle services and Sirius XM Canada are not included in Sirius XM's subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Set forth below are our subscriber balances as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change (subscribers in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount Sirius XM Self-pay subscribers 32,387 32,039 348 1 Paid promotional subscribers 1,918 1,994 (76) (4) Ending subscribers 34,305 34,033 272 1 Sirius XM Canada subscribers 2,567 2,517 50 2 Pandora and Off-platform Monthly active users - all services 47,638 52,275 (4,637) (9) Self-pay subscribers 6,215 6,324 (109) (2) Paid promotional subscribers 69 (69) (100) Ending subscribers 6,215 6,393 (178) (3) 
 
 The following table contains our Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures which are based on our adjusted results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on February 1, 2022 for our Non-GAAP financial and operating performance measures for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs 2021 Change (subscribers in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount Sirius XM Self-pay subscribers 348 1,152 (804) (70) Paid promotional subscribers (76) (1,833) 1,757 96 Net additions 272 (681) 953 140 Weighted average number of subscribers 34,039 34,345 (306) (1) Average self-pay monthly churn 1.5 1.6 (0.1) (6) ARPU (1) 
 15.63 14.76 0.87 6 SAC, per installation 14.32 12.58 1.74 14 Pandora and Off-platform Self-pay subscribers (109) 45 (154) (342) Paid promotional subscribers (69) 7 (76) nm Net additions (178) 52 (230) (442) Weighted average number of subscribers 6,308 6,487 (179) (3) Ad supported listener hours (in billions) 10.88 11.55 (0.67) (6) Advertising revenue per thousand listener hours (RPM) 101.19 102.74 (1.55) (2) Total Company Adjusted EBITDA 2,833 2,770 63 2 Free cash flow 1,551 1,831 (280) (15) 
 nm - not meaningful 
 
 (1) ARPU for Sirius XM excludes subscriber revenue from our connected vehicle services of 182 and 190 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Sirius XM 
 Subscribers. At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 34,305 subscribers, an increase of approximately 272 subscribers, or 1 , from the approximately 34,033 subscribers as of December 31, 2021. The increase was due to growth in our self-pay subscriber base, partially offset by the decline in paid promotional subscribers generated by automakers driven by a shift to shorter paid trials and unpaid trials. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net subscriber additions were 272 and (681), respectively, an increase of 140 , or 953. The increase was driven by paid promotional net additions, which remained negative, but increased compared to the prior year due to certain developments experienced during the first half of 2021, including the impact of the semiconductor supply shortage as well as a shift to free trials at certain automakers. Self-pay net additions decreased driven by a lower trial funnel and lower vehicle conversion rates, partially offset by lower voluntary churn as well as growth in streaming net additions. 
 Sirius XM Canada Subscribers. At December 31, 2022, Sirius XM Canada had approximately 2,567 subscribers, an increase of 50, or 2 , from the approximately 2,517 Sirius XM Canada subscribers as of December 31, 2021. 
 Average Self-pay Monthly Churn is derived by dividing the monthly average of self-pay deactivations for the period by the average number of self-pay subscribers for the period. (See accompanying Glossary for more details.) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our average self-pay monthly churn rate was 1.5 and 1.6 , respectively. The decrease was driven by lower voluntary and vehicle related churn. 
 ARPU is derived from total earned subscriber revenue (excluding revenue derived from our connected vehicle services) and net advertising revenue, divided by the number of months in the period, divided by the daily weighted average number of subscribers for the period. (See the accompanying Glossary for more details.) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ARPU was 15.63 and 14.76, respectively. The increase was driven by increases in certain subscription rates, partially offset by the impact of the mix of promotional plans. 
 SAC, Per Installation, is derived from subscriber acquisition costs less margins from the sale of radios, components and accessories (excluding connected vehicle services), divided by the number of satellite radio installations in new vehicles and shipments of aftermarket radios for the period. (See the accompanying Glossary for more details.) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, SAC, per installation, was 14.32 and 12.58, respectively. The increase was driven by higher OEM hardware subsidy rates combined with a change in the mix of OEMs and higher chipset costs due to the semiconductor supply shortages. 
 Pandora and Off-platform 
 Monthly Active Users. At December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 47,638 monthly active users, a decrease of 4,637 monthly active users, or 9 , from the 52,275 monthly active users as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in monthly active users was driven by an increase in ad-supported listener churn and a decrease in the number of new users. 
 Subscribers. At December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately 6,215 subscribers, a decrease of 178, or 3 , from the approximately 6,393 subscribers as of December 31, 2021. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net subscriber additions were (178) and 52, respectively, a decrease of 442 , or 230. Net additions decreased as a result of a decline in trial starts. 
 Ad supported listener hours are a key indicator of our Pandora business and the engagement of our Pandora listeners. We include ad supported listener hours related to Pandora's non-radio content offerings in the definition of listener hours. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, ad supported listener hours was 10.88 billion and 11.55 billion, respectively. The decrease in ad supported listener hours was primarily driven by the decline in monthly active users, partially offset by higher hours per active user. 
 RPM is a key indicator of our ability to monetize advertising inventory created by our listener hours on the Pandora services. Ad RPM is calculated by dividing advertising revenue by the number of thousands of listener hours to our Pandora advertising-based service. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, RPM was 101.19 and 102.74, respectively. The decrease was a result of a decline in sell-through. 
 Total Company 
 Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA excludes or adjusts for the impact of other expense (income), loss on extinguishment of debt, impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, other non-cash charges such as share-based payment expense, and legal settlements and reserves (if applicable). (See the accompanying Glossary for a reconciliation to GAAP and for more details.) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, adjusted EBITDA was 2,833 and 2,770, respectively, an increase of 2 , or 63. The increase was due to higher subscriber and advertising revenue, partially offset by higher revenue share and royalties, programming, and subscriber acquisition costs. 
 Free Cash Flow includes cash provided by operations plus insurance recoveries on our satellites, net of additions to property and equipment, and restricted and other investment activity. (See the accompanying Glossary for a reconciliation to GAAP and for more details.) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, free cash flow was 1,551 and 1,831, respectively, a decrease of 280, or 15 . The decrease was driven by satellite insurance recoveries in 2021 and higher income tax payments; partially offset by cash received from customers. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. Refer to our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on 
 February 1, 2022 for our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2022 vs 2021 Net cash provided by operating activities 1,976 1,998 (22) Net cash used in investing activities (548) (200) (348) Net cash used in financing activities (1,562) (1,682) 120 Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (134) 116 (250) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 199 83 116 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 65 199 (134) 
 Cash Flows Provided by Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased by 22 to 1,976 for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 1,998 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Our largest source of cash provided by operating activities is cash generated by subscription and subscription-related revenues. We also generate cash from the sale of advertising through our Pandora business, advertising on certain non-music channels on Sirius XM and the sale of satellite radios, components and accessories. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include revenue share and royalty payments to distributors, programming and content providers, and payments to radio manufacturers, distributors and automakers. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include payments to vendors to service, maintain and acquire listeners and subscribers, general corporate expenditures, and compensation and related costs. 
 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities 
 Cash flows used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily due to spending for capitalized software and hardware, to construct satellites, and acquisitions for total cash consideration of 136. Cash flows used in investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily due to spending primarily for capitalized software and hardware, and to construct a replacement satellite, partially offset by proceeds collected from satellite insurance policies associated with SXM-7. We spent 247 and 238 on capitalized software and hardware as well as 122 and 93 to construct satellites during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows Used in Financing Activities 
 Cash flows used in financing activities consists of the issuance and repayment of long-term debt, the purchase of common stock under our share repurchase program, the payment of cash dividends and taxes paid in lieu of shares issued for stock-based compensation. Proceeds from long-term debt have been used to fund our operations, construct and launch new satellites, fund acquisitions, invest in other infrastructure improvements and purchase shares of our common stock. 
 Cash flows used in financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 were primarily due to the payment of cash dividends of 1,339, the purchase and retirement of shares of our common stock under our repurchase program for 647, and payment of 114 for taxes in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation, partially offset by net borrowings under our Credit Facility of 80 and an amendment to our Credit Facility to incorporate an Incremental Term Loan borrowing of 500 499 net of costs) which matures on April 11, 2024. Cash flows used in financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily due to the redemptions of Sirius XM's 3.875 Senior Notes due 2022 for 1,019, 4.625 Senior Notes due 2024 for 1,541 and 5.375 Senior Notes due 2026 for 1,034, the purchase and retirement of shares of our common stock under our repurchase program for 1,523, the payment of cash dividends of 268, payment of 103 for taxes in lieu of shares issued for share-based compensation, and the repayment of borrowings under our Credit Facility of 653; partially offset by the issuance of 2,000 in aggregate principal amount of Sirius XM's 4.00 Senior Notes due 2028, 1,000 in aggregate principal amount of Sirius XM's 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026, and 1,500 in aggregate principal amount of Sirius XM's 3.875 Senior Notes due 2031. 
 Future Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements 
 Based upon our current business plans, we expect to fund operating expenses, capital expenditures, including the construction of replacement satellites, working capital requirements, interest payments, taxes and scheduled maturities of our debt with existing cash, cash flow from operations and borrowings under our Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, 80 was outstanding under our Credit Facility and 1,670 was available for future borrowing under our Credit Facility. We believe that we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents, as well as debt capacity, to cover our estimated short-term and long-term funding needs, including amounts to construct, launch and insure replacement satellites, as well as fund future stock repurchases, future dividend payments and to pursue strategic opportunities. 
 Our ability to meet our debt and other obligations depends on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors. 
 We regularly evaluate our business plans and strategy. These evaluations often result in changes to our business plans and strategy, some of which may be material and significantly change our cash requirements. These changes in our business plans or strategy may include: the acquisition of unique or compelling programming; the development and introduction of new features or services; significant new or enhanced distribution arrangements; investments in infrastructure, such as satellites, equipment or radio spectrum; and acquisitions and investments, including acquisitions and investments that are not directly related to our existing business. 
 We may from time to time purchase our outstanding debt through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Purchases or retirement of debt, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 Capital Return Program 
 As of December 31, 2022, our board of directors had authorized for repurchase an aggregate of 18,000 of our common stock. As of December 31, 2022, our cumulative repurchases since December 2012 under our stock repurchase program totaled 3,662 shares for 16,558, and 1,442 remained available for additional repurchases under our existing stock repurchase program authorization. 
 Shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, including in accelerated stock repurchase transactions and transactions with Liberty Media and its affiliates. We intend to fund the additional repurchases through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and future borrowings. The size and timing of any purchases will be based on a number of factors, including price and business and market conditions. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 On January 25, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend on our common stock in the amount of 0.0242 per share of common stock payable on February 24, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 9, 2023. 
 Debt Covenants 
 The indentures governing Sirius XM's senior notes and Pandora's convertible notes and the agreement governing the Sirius XM Credit Facility include restrictive covenants. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with such covenants. For a discussion of our Debt Covenants, refer to Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than those disclosed in Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Contractual Cash Commitments 
 For a discussion of our Contractual Cash Commitments, refer to Note 16 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Related Party Transactions 
 For a discussion of Related Party Transactions, refer to Note 12 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods. Accounting estimates require the use of significant management assumptions and judgments as to future events, and the effect of those events cannot be predicted with certainty. The accounting estimates will change as new events occur, more experience is acquired and more information is obtained. We evaluate and update our assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis and use outside experts to assist in that evaluation when we deem necessary. We have identified all significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Non-Financial Instrument Valuations. Our non-financial instrument valuations are primarily comprised of our determination of the estimated fair value allocation of net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in business combinations, our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other nonamortizable intangibles, such as trademarks, and our evaluation of the recoverability of our other long-lived assets upon certain triggering events. If the carrying value of our long-lived assets exceeds their estimated fair value, we are required to write the carrying value down to fair value. Any such writedown is included in Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statement of operations. Judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our long-lived assets. We may use quoted market prices, prices for similar assets, present value techniques and other valuation techniques to prepare these estimates. We may need to make estimates of future cash flows and discount rates as well as other assumptions in order to implement these valuation techniques. Due to the degree of judgment involved in our estimation techniques, any value ultimately derived from our long-lived assets may differ from our estimate of fair value. As each of our operating segments has long-lived assets, this critical accounting policy affects the financial position and results of operations of each segment. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the intangible assets not subject to amortization for each of our consolidated reportable segments were as follows (amounts in millions): 
 Goodwill FCC Licenses Trademarks Total Sirius XM 2,290 2,084 250 4,624 Pandora and Off-platform 959 312 1,271 Consolidated 3,249 2,084 562 5,895 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 We perform our annual assessment of the recoverability of our goodwill and other nonamortizable intangible assets in the fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. The accounting guidance permits entities to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. The accounting guidance also allows entities the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. The entity may resume performing the qualitative assessment in any subsequent period. In evaluating goodwill on a qualitative basis, the Company reviews the business performance of each reporting unit and evaluates other relevant factors as identified in the relevant accounting guidance to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indicated impairment exists for any of our reporting units. The Company considers whether there are any negative macroeconomic conditions, industry specific conditions, market changes, increased competition, increased costs in doing business, management challenges, the legal environments and how these factors might impact company specific performance in future periods. As part of the analysis, the Company also considers fair value determinations for certain reporting units that have been made at various points throughout the current and prior year for other purposes. If based on the qualitative analysis it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, the Company performs the quantitative impairment test. 
 Useful Life of Broadcast/Transmission System. Our satellite system includes the costs of our satellite construction, launch vehicles, launch insurance, capitalized interest, spare satellites, terrestrial repeater network and satellite uplink facilities. We monitor our satellites for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable. 
 We operate two in-orbit Sirius satellites, FM-5 and FM-6, which launched in 2009 and 2013, respectively, and estimate they will operate effectively through the end of their depreciable lives in 2024 and 2028, respectively. 
 We currently operate four in-orbit XM satellites, XM-3, XM-4, XM-5 and SXM-8. Our XM-3 satellite launched in 2005 and our XM-4 satellite launched in 2006 are used as in-orbit spares and reached the end of their depreciable lives in 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our XM-5 satellite was launched in 2010 and is expected to reach the end of its depreciable life in 2025. SXM-7 was launched into a geostationary orbit in December 2020 and in-orbit testing of SXM-7 began on January 4, 2021. During in-orbit testing of SXM-7 events occurred which caused failures of certain SXM-7 payload units. The evaluation of SXM-7 concluded that the satellite would not function as intended and the asset was fully impaired in 2021. Our SXM-8 satellite was successfully launched into a geostationary orbit on June 6, 2021 and was placed into service on September 8, 2021 following the completion of in-orbit testing. Our SXM-8 satellite replaced our XM-3 satellite. We have entered into agreements for the design and construction of four additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12. We have also entered into agreements to launch two of these satellites. 
 Our satellites have been designed to last fifteen-years. Our in-orbit satellites may experience component failures which could adversely affect their useful lives. We monitor the operating condition of our in-orbit satellites and if events or circumstances indicate that the depreciable lives of our in-orbit satellites have changed, we will modify the depreciable life accordingly. If we were to revise our estimates, our depreciation expense would change. 
 Income Taxes. Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences related to temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. 
 We assess the recoverability of deferred tax assets at each reporting date and, where applicable, a valuation allowance is recognized when, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our assessment includes an analysis of whether deferred tax assets will be realized in the ordinary course of operations based on the available positive and negative evidence, including the scheduling of deferred tax liabilities and forecasted income from operations. The underlying assumptions we use in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment. In the event that actual income from operations differs from forecasted amounts, or if we change our estimates of forecasted income from operations, we could record additional charges or reduce allowances in order to adjust the carrying value of deferred tax assets to their realizable amount. Such adjustments could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a valuation allowance of 113 relating to deferred tax assets that are not more likely than not to be realized due to the timing of certain state net operating loss limitations and acquired net operating losses that were not likely to be utilized. 
 ASC 740, Income Taxes , requires a company to first determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets this more likely than not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. If the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained, the gross amount of the unrecognized tax 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 position will not be recorded in the financial statements but will be shown in tabular format within the uncertain income tax positions. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs due to the following conditions: (1) the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained, (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation, or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is effectively settled or until there is a lapse in the applicable statute of limitations. We record interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in Income tax expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2022, the gross liability for income taxes associated with uncertain tax positions was 198. 
 Glossary 
 Monthly active users - the number of distinct registered users on the Pandora services, including subscribers, which have consumed content within the trailing 30 days to the end of the final calendar month of the period. The number of monthly active users on the Pandora services may overstate the number of unique individuals who actively use our Pandora service, as one individual may use multiple accounts. To become a registered user on the Pandora services, a person must sign-up using an email address or access our service using a device with a unique identifier, which we use to create an account for our service. 
 Average self-pay monthly churn - for satellite-enabled subscriptions, the Sirius XM monthly average of self-pay deactivations for the period divided by the average number of self-pay subscribers for the period. 
 Adjusted EBITDA - EBITDA is defined as net income before interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial measure that excludes or adjusts for the impact of other expense (income), loss on extinguishment of debt, impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs, other non-cash charges such as share-based payment expense, and legal settlements and reserves (if applicable). We believe adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure of the underlying trend of our operating performance, which provides useful information about our business apart from the costs associated with our capital structure and purchase price accounting. We believe investors find this Non-GAAP financial measure useful when analyzing our past operating performance with our current performance and comparing our operating performance to the performance of other communications, entertainment and media companies. We believe investors use adjusted EBITDA to estimate our current enterprise value and to make investment decisions. As a result of large capital investments in our satellite radio system, our results of operations reflect significant charges for depreciation expense. We believe the exclusion of share-based payment expense is useful as it is not directly related to the operational conditions of our business. We also believe the exclusion of the legal settlements and reserves, impairment, restructuring and acquisition related costs, and loss on extinguishment of debt, to the extent they occur during the period, is useful as they are significant expenses not incurred as part of our normal operations for the period. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact to our consolidated statements of comprehensive income of certain expenses, including share-based payment expense. We endeavor to compensate for the limitations of the Non-GAAP measure presented by also providing the comparable GAAP measure with equal or greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items, to derive the Non-GAAP measure. Investors that wish to compare and evaluate our operating results after giving effect for these costs should refer to net income as disclosed in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Since adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial performance measure, our calculation of adjusted EBITDA may be susceptible to varying calculations; may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies; and should not be considered in isolation, as a substitute for, or superior to measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. The reconciliation of net income to the adjusted EBITDA is calculated as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income: 1,213 1,314 Add back items excluded from Adjusted EBITDA: Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs 64 20 Share-based payment expense (1) 
 197 202 Depreciation and amortization 536 533 Interest expense 422 415 Loss on extinguishment of debt 83 Other expense (income) 9 (9) Income tax expense 392 212 Adjusted EBITDA 2,833 2,770 
 (1) Allocation of share-based payment expense: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Programming and content 34 33 Customer service and billing 6 6 Transmission 6 6 Sales and marketing 52 58 Engineering, design and development 39 36 General and administrative 60 63 Total share-based payment expense 197 202 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Free cash flow - is derived from cash flow provided by operating activities plus insurance recoveries on our satellites, net of additions to property and equipment and purchases of other investments. Free cash flow is a metric that our management and board of directors use to evaluate the cash generated by our operations, net of capital expenditures and other investment activity. In a capital intensive business, with significant investments in satellites, we look at our operating cash flow, net of these investing cash outflows, to determine cash available for future subscriber acquisition and capital expenditures, to repurchase or retire debt, to acquire other companies and to evaluate our ability to return capital to stockholders. We exclude from free cash flow certain items that do not relate to the on-going performance of our business, such as cash flows related to acquisitions, strategic and short-term investments, net loan activity with related parties and other equity investees, and proceeds from the sale of real estate. We believe free cash flow is an indicator of the long-term financial stability of our business. Free cash flow, which is reconciled to Net cash provided by operating activities, is a Non-GAAP financial measure. This measure can be calculated by deducting amounts under the captions Additions to property and equipment and deducting or adding Restricted and other investment activity from Net cash provided by operating activities from the consolidated statements of cash flows. Free cash flow should be used in conjunction with other GAAP financial performance measures and may not be comparable to free cash flow measures presented by other companies. Free cash flow should be viewed as a supplemental measure rather than an alternative measure of cash flows from operating activities, as determined in accordance with GAAP. Free cash flow is limited and does not represent remaining cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt maturities. We believe free cash flow provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our current cash flow, along with other GAAP measures (such as cash flows from operating and investing activities), to determine our financial condition, and to compare our operating performance to other communications, entertainment and media companies. Free cash flow is calculated as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flow information Net cash provided by operating activities 1,976 1,998 Net cash used in investing activities (548) (200) Net cash used in financing activities (1,562) (1,682) Free Cash Flow Net cash provided by operating activities 1,976 1,998 Additions to property and equipment (426) (388) Sale (purchases) of other investments 1 (4) Satellite insurance recoveries 225 Free cash flow 1,551 1,831 
 ARPU - Sirius XM ARPU is derived from total earned subscriber revenue (excluding revenue associated with our connected vehicle services) and advertising revenue, divided by the number of months in the period, divided by the daily weighted average number of subscribers for the period. 
 Subscriber acquisition cost, per installation - or SAC, per installation, is derived from subscriber acquisition costs less margins from the sale of radios and accessories (excluding connected vehicle services), divided by the number of satellite radio installations in new vehicles and shipments of aftermarket radios for the period. SAC, per installation, is calculated as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Subscriber acquisition costs, excluding connected vehicle services 352 325 Less: margin from sales of radios and accessories, excluding connected vehicle services (176) (183) 176 142 Installations (in thousands) 12,270 11,174 SAC, per installation (a) 
 14.32 12.58 
 (a) Amounts may not recalculate due to rounding. 
 Ad supported listener hours - is based on the total bytes served over our Pandora advertising supported platforms for each track that is requested and served from our Pandora servers, as measured by our internal analytics systems, whether 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 or not a listener listens to the entire track. For non-music content such as podcasts, episodes are divided into approximately track-length parts, which are treated as tracks. To the extent that third-party measurements of advertising hours are not calculated using a similar server-based approach, the third-party measurements may differ from our measurements. 
 RPM - is calculated by dividing advertising revenue, excluding AdsWizz and other off-platform revenue, by the number of thousands of listener hours on our Pandora advertising-based service. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not hold or issue any derivatives. We hold investments in money market funds and certificates of deposit. These securities are consistent with the objectives contained within our investment policy. The basic objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of capital, maintaining sufficient liquidity to meet operating requirements and maximizing yield. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we also held the following investment: 
 In connection with the recapitalization of Sirius XM Canada on May 25, 2017, we loaned Sirius XM Canada 130.8 million. The loan is considered a long-term investment with any unrealized gains or losses reported within Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income. The loan has a term of fifteen years, bears interest at a rate of 7.62 per annum and includes customary covenants and events of default, including an event of default relating to Sirius XM Canada s failure to maintain specified leverage ratios. The carrying value of the loan as of December 31, 2022 was 8.0 million and approximated its fair value. The loan is denominated in Canadian dollars and it is subject to changes in foreign currency. Had the Canadian to U.S. dollar exchange rate been 10 lower as of December 31, 2022, the value of this loan would have been approximately 0.8 million lower. 
 Our debt includes fixed rate instruments and the fair market value of our debt is sensitive to changes in interest rates. Sirius XM's borrowings under the Credit Facility carry a variable interest rate, which is currently based on LIBOR (except for the Incremental Term Loan which carries a variable interest rate based on SOFR), plus an applicable rate based on its debt to operating cash flow ratio. We currently do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and financial statements and financial statement schedule contained in Part IV, Item 15, herein, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including Jennifer C. Witz, our Chief Executive Officer, and Sean S. Sullivan, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. We have performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our management used the Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to perform this evaluation. Based 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, which has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued its report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Audit Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their audit report appearing on page F-4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information about our executive officers is contained in the discussion entitled Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The additional information required by this Item 10 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders set forth under the captions Stock Ownership , Governance of the Company, Item 1. Election of Directors and Item 2. Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accountants , which we expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to May 1, 2023. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all employees, including executive officers, and to directors. The Code of Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of our website at www.siriusxm.com. If we ever were to amend or waive any provision of our Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions, we intend to satisfy our disclosure obligations with respect to any such waiver or amendment by posting such information on our internet website set forth above rather than filing a Form 8-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders set forth under the captions Item 1. Election of Directors and Executive Compensation , which we expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to May 1, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Certain information required by this Item 12 is set forth under the heading Equity Compensation Plan Information in Part II, Item 5, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The additional information required by this Item 12 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders set forth under the caption Stock Ownership , which we expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to May 1, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders set forth under the captions Governance of the Company and Item 1. Election of Directors , which we expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to May 1, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor ID: . 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated in this report by reference to the applicable information in our definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders set forth under the caption Item 2. Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accountants - Principal Accountant Fees and Services , which we expect to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to May 1, 2023. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 
 (1) Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on page F-1. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on page F-1. 
 (3) Exhibits. See Exhibit Index, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Description 2.1 Certificate of Ownership and Merger, dated as of January 12, 2011, merging XM Satellite Radio Inc. with and into Sirius XM Radio Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 12, 2011 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 14, 2013, by and among Sirius XM Radio Inc., Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Sirius XM Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization by and among Sirius XM Holdings Inc., Pandora Media, Inc. and White Oaks Acquisition Corp., dated as of September 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2018 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.1 Form of certificate for shares of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of July 5, 2017, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.000 Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 5, 2017 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of June 7, 2019, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, relating to the 5.500 Senior Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2019, relating to the 1.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, between Pandora Media, Inc. and Citibank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 1, 2019, relating to the 1.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023, among Pandora Media, LLC (f/k/a Pandora Media, Inc.), Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Citibank, N.A. as trustee ((incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 1, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.6 Indenture, dated as of June 11, 2020, relating to the 4.125 Senior Notes due 2030, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 11, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.7 Indenture, dated as of June 21, 2021, relating to the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2028, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 21, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, relating to the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2026, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 16, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.9 Indenture, dated as of August 16, 2021, relating to the 3.875 Senior Notes due 2031, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 16, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.10 Investment Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2009, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Liberty Radio LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.11 Assignment and Assumption of Investment Agreement among Sirius XM Radio Inc., Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Liberty Radio LLC, dated as of November 15, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 4.12 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 22, 2014, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent for the Lenders, as collateral agent for the Secured Parties and as an Issuing Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 22, 2014 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.3 Amendment No. 2, dated as of June 16, 2015, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 19, 2015 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.4 Amendment No. 3, dated as of June 29, 2018, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2018 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.5 Amendment No. 5, dated as of August 31, 2021, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.6 Amendment No. 6, dated as of April 11, 2022, to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2012, among Sirius XM Radio Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 11. 2022 (File No. 001-34295) 
 10.7 Technology Licensing Agreement among XM Satellite Radio Inc., XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc., WorldSpace Management Corporation and American Mobile Satellite Corporation, dated as of January 1, 1998, amended by Amendment No. 1 to Technology Licensing Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-83619)). 
 10.8 Amended and Restated Sirius Satellite Radio 2003 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2004 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.9 XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2007 (File No. 000-27441)). 
 10.10 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2007 (File No. 000-27441)). 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement pursuant to the XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 1, 2007 (File No. 000-27441)). 
 10.12 Sirius XM Radio 401(k) Savings Plan, January 1, 2009 Restatement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.13 Sirius XM Radio Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-160386)). 
 10.14 Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 6, 2015 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.15 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Radio Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.16 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.17 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Radio Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.18 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report filed for the year ended December 31, 2014 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.19 Form of Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.20 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.21 Form of SVP Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (001-34295)). 
 10.22 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (001-34295)). 
 10.23 Form of SVP Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (001-34295)). 
 10.24 Form of Option Award Agreement between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and James E. Meyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Radio Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 16, 2009 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.25 Employment Agreement, dated December 24, 2018 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Scott A. Greenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26, 2018 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.26 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 21, 2022 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Patrick L. Donnelly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.27 Employment Agreement, dated as of August 21, 2017 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Jennifer Witz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.28 Employment Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and James E. Meyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2018 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.29 Letter agreement, dated August 16, 2018, regarding use of private aircraft between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and James E. Meyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2018 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.30 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 5, 2019 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Jennifer Witz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.31 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2020 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Jennifer Witz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.32 Letter Agreement, dated September 14, 2020, regarding private use of aircraft between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Jennifer C. Witz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.33 First Amendment, dated February 16, 2021, to the Employment Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2020, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Jennifer C. Witz (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 17, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.34 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2020, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Sean S. Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 10.35 First Amendment, dated February 16, 2021, to the Employment Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2020, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Sean S. Sullivan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 17, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.36 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2020 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Scott A. Greenstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.37 Consulting Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2021 between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and James E Meyer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.38 Employment Agreement, dated June 28, 2022, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Joseph A. Verbrugge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2022 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.39 Letter Agreement, dated March 5, 2019, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Joseph A. Verbrugge (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2019 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.40 Employment Agreement, dated as of May 5, 2021, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Dara F. Altman (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.41 Employment Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, between Sirius XM Radio Inc. and Joseph Inzerillo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.42 Assignment and Assumption Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2013, among Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Sirius XM Radio Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.43 Omnibus Amendment, dated November 15, 2013, to the XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. Talent Option Plan, the XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. 1998 Shares Award Plan, as amended, the Amended and Restated Sirius Satellite Radio 2003 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, the XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. 2007 Stock Incentive Plan and the Sirius XM Radio Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan and their Related Stock Option Agreements, Restricted Stock Agreements and Restricted Stock Unit Agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 15, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.44 Sirius XM Holdings Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2015 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.45 Tax Sharing Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021 between Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Liberty Media Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.44 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on February 2, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 10.46 Section 253 Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, between Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and Liberty Media Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4, 2021 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith). 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP (filed herewith). 
 31.1 Certificate of Jennifer C. Witz, Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 31.2 Certificate of Sean S. Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 32.1 Certificate of Jennifer C. Witz, Chief Executive Officer and Director, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 32.2 Certificate of Sean S. Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith). 
 99.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sirius XM Radio Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Description 99.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Sirius XM Radio Inc., as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Sirius XM Holdings Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 (File No. 001-34295)). 
 101.1 The following financial information from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (ii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (v) Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101.1) 
 _________________ 
 This document has been identified as a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Pursuant to the Commission s Orders Granting Confidential Treatment under Rule 406 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Rule 24(b)-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, certain confidential portions of this Exhibit were omitted by means of redacting a portion of the text. 
 The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for any other purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by us in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs for any other purpose as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 2nd day of February 2023. 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. By: /s/ Sean S. Sullivan Sean S. Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Officer) 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ G REGORY B. M AFFEI 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director February 2, 2023 (Gregory B. Maffei) 
 /s/ J AMES E. M EYER 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director February 2, 2023 (James E. Meyer) /s/ J ENNIFER C. W ITZ 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 2, 2023 (Jennifer C. Witz) /s/ S EAN S. S ULLIVAN 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 2, 2023 (Sean S. Sullivan) /s/ T HOMAS D. B ARRY 
 Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 2, 2023 (Thomas D. Barry) 
 /s/ D AVID A. B LAU 
 Director February 2, 2023 (David A. Blau) 
 /s/ E DDY W. H ARTENSTEIN 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Eddy W. Hartenstein) /s/ R OBIN S. P. H ICKENLOOPER 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Robin S. P. Hickenlooper) /s/ J AMES P. H OLDEN 
 Director February 2, 2023 (James P. Holden) 
 /s/ E VAN D. M ALONE 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Evan D. Malone) /s/ J ONELLE P ROCOPE 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Jonelle Procope) /s/ M ICHAEL R APINO 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Michael Rapino) /s/ K RISTINA M. S ALEN 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Kristina M. Salen) /s/ C ARL E. V OGEL 
 Director February 2, 2023 (Carl E. Vogel) /s/ D AVID M. Z ASLAV 
 Director February 2, 2023 (David M. Zaslav) 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' (Deficit) Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 Schedule II - Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 F- 43 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Sirius XM Holdings Inc.: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Sufficiency of audit evidence over certain subscriber and advertising revenues 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 18 to the consolidated financial statements, and disclosed in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, the Company generated 9,003 million of revenues, of which 6,370 million was Sirius XM subscriber revenue and 1,576 million was Pandora (Pandora Media, LLC and subsidiaries, the successor to Pandora Media, Inc. and subsidiaries) advertising revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company s accounting for these subscriber and advertising revenues involved multiple information technology (IT) systems. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence related to Sirius XM subscriber revenue and Pandora advertising revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required auditor judgment due to the number of IT applications used by the Company that involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over subscriber and advertising revenues. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Sirius XM subscriber and Pandora advertising revenue recognition processes. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing certain IT application controls and general IT controls used by the Company in its revenue recognition processes and testing the interface of relevant revenue data between different IT systems used in the revenue 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

 recognition processes. For Sirius XM subscriber revenue, we assessed the recorded revenue by comparing the total cash received during the year, adjusted for reconciling items, to the revenue recorded in the general ledger. For a sample of Pandora advertising revenues, we traced the recorded amounts to underlying source documents and system reports. We evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. 
 
 Fair values of the Pandora and Off-Platform reporting unit and the Pandora trademark 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s goodwill balance for the Pandora and Off-Platform reporting unit was 959 million as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, as discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the trademarks balance due to acquisitions recorded to the Pandora and Off-Platform reporting unit was 312 million as of December 31, 2022, a portion of which related to the Pandora trademark. The Company performs goodwill and indefinite-lived assets impairment testing on an annual basis during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and whenever events and changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit or a trademark more likely than not exceeds its fair value. 
 We identified the assessment of the fair values of the Pandora and Off-Platform reporting unit and the Pandora trademark as a critical audit matter. A high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate certain assumptions used by the Company to estimate these fair values. Specifically, the revenue growth rates, long-term growth rate, and the discount rates involved a higher degree of subjectivity. In addition, these key assumptions were challenging to test due to the sensitivity of the fair value to changes in these assumptions. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s goodwill and trademark impairment assessment process, including controls related to the key assumptions noted above. We performed sensitivity analyses to assess the impact of possible changes to the revenue growth rates, long-term growth rate and discount rates assumptions on the fair value of the Pandora and Off-Platform reporting unit and Pandora trademark. We compared the Company s historical revenue forecasts to actual results to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast revenues. We compared the Company s forecasted revenue growth rate assumptions to historical revenue growth rates, to projected revenue growth rates for comparable companies, and to other publicly available data, including third party market studies. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 evaluating the Company s long-term growth rate by comparing it to long-term growth rate estimates that were independently developed using publicly available market data for the Company s industry as well as U.S. economic growth rates 
 evaluating the Company s discount rates by comparing them to discount rates that were independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable companies. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 
 New York, New York 
 February 2, 2023 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Sirius XM Holdings Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 2, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 2, 2023 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenue: Subscriber revenue Advertising revenue Equipment revenue Other revenue Total revenue Operating expenses: Cost of services: Revenue share and royalties Programming and content Customer service and billing Transmission Cost of equipment Subscriber acquisition costs Sales and marketing Engineering, design and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs Total operating expenses Income from operations Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) ) Other (expense) income ) Total other expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) Total comprehensive income Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except per share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Related party current assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Related party long-term assets Deferred tax assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest Current portion of deferred revenue Current maturities of debt Operating lease current liabilities Related party current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term deferred revenue Long-term debt Deferred tax liabilities Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders equity (deficit): Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued; and shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Treasury stock, at cost; and share of common stock at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) ) Total liabilities and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 Common Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) (in millions) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Share-based payment expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Withholding taxes on net share settlement of stock-based compensation ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) Common stock retired ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Comprehensive income, net of tax Share-based payment expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Withholding taxes on net share settlement of stock-based compensation ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock units in connection with business acquisition Common stock repurchased ) ) Common stock retired ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Share-based payment expense Exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units Withholding taxes on net share settlement of stock-based compensation ) ) Capital contribution related to Tax Sharing Agreement with Liberty Media ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock, per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock units in connection with business acquisition Common stock repurchased ) ) Common stock retired ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Impairment and restructuring costs, net Non-cash interest expense, net of amortization of premium Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Provision for doubtful accounts Amortization of deferred income related to equity method investment ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on unconsolidated entity investments, net Dividend received from unconsolidated entity investment Loss (gain) on other investments ) ) Share-based payment expense Deferred income tax expense Amortization of right-of-use assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) Related party, net ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Other long-term assets ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Accrued interest ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions to property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from insurance recoveries Sale (purchases) of other investments ) ) Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Investments in related parties and other equity investees ) ) ) Repayment from related party Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Taxes paid from net share settlements for stock-based compensation ) ) ) Revolving credit facility, net ) Proceeds from long-term borrowings, net of costs Principal payments of long-term borrowings ) ) ) Payment of premiums on redemption of debt ) ) Payment of contingent consideration for business acquisition ) ) Distribution to parent related to Tax Sharing Agreement ) Common stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period (1) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - Continued 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash and Non-Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes paid Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capital lease obligations incurred to acquire assets Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) 

(1) 
 Restricted cash included in Other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

(1) 
 complementary audio entertainment businesses - one of which we refer to as Sirius XM and the second of which we refer to as Pandora and Off-platform . We are the leading audio entertainment company in North America with a portfolio of audio businesses including our flagship subscription entertainment service, Sirius XM; the ad-supported and premium music streaming services of Pandora; a podcast network; an advertising sales group, SXM Media; and a suite of advertising technology solutions. 
 Sirius XM 
 Our Sirius XM business features music, sports, entertainment, comedy, talk, news, traffic and weather channels and other content, as well as podcasts and infotainment services, in the United States on a subscription fee basis. Sirius XM packages include live, curated and certain exclusive and on demand programming. The Sirius XM service is distributed through our proprietary satellite radio systems and streamed via applications for mobile devices, home devices and other consumer electronic equipment. Satellite radios are primarily distributed through automakers, retailers and our website. Our Sirius XM service is also available through our in-car user interface, which we call 360L, that combines our satellite and streaming services into a single, cohesive in-vehicle entertainment experience. 
 The primary source of revenue from our Sirius XM business is subscription fees, with most of our customers subscribing to monthly, quarterly, semi-annual or annual plans. We also derive revenue from advertising on select non-music channels, which is sold under the SXM Media brand, direct sales of our satellite radios and accessories, and other ancillary services. As of December 31, 2022, our Sirius XM business had approximately million subscribers. 
 In addition to our audio entertainment businesses, we provide connected vehicle services to several automakers. These services are designed to enhance the safety, security and driving experience of consumers. We also offer a suite of data services that includes graphical weather, fuel prices, sports schedules and scores and movie listings, a traffic information service that includes information as to road closings, traffic flow and incident data to consumers with compatible in-vehicle navigation systems, and real-time weather services in vehicles, boats and planes. 
 Sirius XM also holds a equity interest and voting interest in Sirius XM Canada Holdings Inc. Sirius XM Canada ). Sirius XM Canada's subscribers are not included in our subscriber count or subscriber-based operating metrics. 
 Pandora and Off-platform 
 Our Pandora and Off-platform business operates a music and podcast streaming discovery platform, offering a personalized experience for each listener wherever and whenever they want to listen, whether through computers, tablets, mobile devices, vehicle speakers or connected devices. Pandora enables listeners to create personalized stations and playlists, discover new content, hear artist- and expert-curated playlists, podcasts and select Sirius XM content as well as search and play songs and albums on-demand. Pandora is available as (1) an ad-supported radio service, (2) a radio subscription service (Pandora Plus) and (3) an on-demand subscription service (Pandora Premium). As of December 31, 2022, Pandora had approximately million subscribers. 
 The majority of revenue from Pandora is generated from advertising on our Pandora ad-supported radio service which is sold under the SXM Media brand. We also derive subscription revenue from our Pandora Plus and Pandora Premium subscribers. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. As a result, we are a controlled company for the purposes of the NASDAQ corporate governance requirements. Refer to Note 12 for more information regarding related parties. 
 Public companies are required to disclose certain information about their reportable operating segments. Operating segments are defined as significant components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated on a regular basis by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance of the segment. We have determined that we have reportable segments as our chief operating decision maker, our Chief Executive Officer, assesses performance and allocates resources based on the financial results of these segments. Refer to Note 18 for information related to our segments. 
 We have evaluated events subsequent to the balance sheet date and prior to the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and have determined that no events have occurred that would require adjustment to our consolidated financial statements. For a discussion of subsequent events that do not require adjustment to our consolidated financial statements refer to Note 19. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 (2) 

subscription to our service. In certain cases, the subscription fees for these consumers are prepaid by the applicable automaker. Prepaid subscription fees received from automakers or directly from consumers are recorded as deferred revenue and amortized to revenue ratably over the service period which commences upon sale. Activation fees are recognized over as the activation fees are non-refundable and do not provide for a material right to the customer. There is no revenue recognized for unpaid trial subscriptions. In some cases we pay a loyalty fee to the automakers when we receive a certain amount of payments from self-pay customers acquired from that automaker. These fees are considered incremental costs to obtain a contract and are, therefore, recognized as an asset and amortized to Subscriber acquisition costs over an average subscriber life. Revenue share and loyalty fees paid to an automaker offering a paid trial are accounted for as a reduction of revenue as the payment does not provide a distinct good or service. 
 Music royalty fee primarily consists of U.S. music royalty fees MRF collected from subscribers. The related costs we incur for the right to broadcast music and other programming are recorded as Revenue share and royalties expense. Fees received from subscribers for the MRF are recorded as deferred revenue and amortized to Subscriber revenue ratably over the service period. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 or less, we have utilized the optional exemption under ASC 606-10-50-14 and do not disclose information about the remaining performance obligations for contracts which have original expected durations of or less. As of December 31, 2022, less than percent of our total deferred revenue balance related to contracts that extend beyond one year. These contracts primarily include prepaid data trials which are typically provided for three to as well as for self-pay customers who prepay for their audio subscriptions for up to in advance. These amounts are recognized on a straight-line basis as our services are provided. 
 Revenue Share 
 We share a portion of our subscription revenues earned from self-pay subscribers with certain automakers. The terms of the revenue share agreements vary with each automaker, but are typically based upon the earned audio revenue as reported or gross billed audio revenue. Revenue share on self-pay revenue is recognized as an expense and recorded in Revenue share and royalties in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We also pay revenue share to certain talent on non-music stations on our satellite radio service and to podcast talent based on advertising revenue for the related channel or podcast. Revenue share on non-music channels and podcasts is recognized in Revenue share and royalties in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income when it is earned. In some cases, we pay minimum guarantees for revenue share to podcast owners which is recorded in Prepaid and other current assets in our consolidated balance sheets. The minimum guarantee is recognized in Revenue share and royalties primarily on a straight line basis over the contractual term. The prepaid balance is regularly reviewed for recoverability and any amount not deemed to be recoverable is recognized as an expense in the period. 
 Royalties 
 In connection with our businesses, we must enter into royalty arrangements with two sets of rights holders: holders of musical compositions copyrights (that is, the music and lyrics) and holders of sound recordings copyrights (that is, the actual recording of a work). Our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses use both statutory and direct music licenses as part of their businesses. We license varying rights - such as performance and mechanical rights - for use in our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses based on the various radio and interactive services they offer. The music rights licensing arrangements for our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses are complex. 
 Musical Composition Copyrights 
 We pay performance royalties for our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses to holders and rights administrators of musical compositions copyrights, including performing rights organizations and other copyright owners. These performance royalties are based on agreements with performing rights organizations which represent the holders of these performance rights. Our Sirius XM and Pandora businesses have arrangements with these performance rights organizations. Arrangements with Sirius 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 , and , respectively. These costs are reflected in Sales and marketing expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 Subscriber Acquisition Costs 
 Subscriber acquisition costs consist of costs incurred to acquire new subscribers which include hardware subsidies paid to radio manufacturers, distributors and automakers, including subsidies paid to automakers who include a satellite radio and a prepaid subscription to our service in the sale or lease price of a new vehicle; subsidies paid for chipsets and certain other components used in manufacturing radios; device royalties for certain radios and chipsets; commissions paid to retailers and automakers as incentives to purchase, install and activate radios; product warranty obligations; freight; and provisions for inventory allowance attributable to inventory consumed in our automotive and retail distribution channels. Subscriber acquisition costs do not include advertising costs, loyalty payments to distributors and dealers of radios and revenue share payments to automakers and retailers of radios. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

, and , respectively. These costs are reported as a component of Engineering, design and development expense in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. was primarily comprised of the cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments related to Sirius XM Canada (refer to Note 12 for additional information). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a net foreign currency translation adjustment of ), net of tax. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a foreign currency translation adjustment of less than and , respectively, net of tax. 
 increase to the carrying value of Pandora's Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 and an increase of , net of tax, to our accumulated deficit. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on our diluted earnings per share. 

(3) 
 . We recognized goodwill of , indefinite-lived intangible assets of and other long-term assets of . The other assets represent acquired content which will be amortized over its estimated useful life to Programming and content in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 On January 12, 2022, we completed an acquisition for total cash consideration of . We recognized goodwill of , other definite-lived intangible assets of and liabilities of . 
 On April 23, 2021, we completed an acquisition for total consideration of which included in cash, a deferred cash payment and in restricted stock units. We recognized goodwill of and other assets of . 
 Stitcher 
 On October 16, 2020, we acquired the assets of Stitcher from The E.W. Scripps Company and certain of its subsidiaries Scripps for total consideration of , which included in cash and related to contingent consideration. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a benefit related to the change in fair value of the 2021 portion of the contingent consideration related to the Stitcher transaction in Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The fair value of the contingent consideration was determined using a probability-weighted cash flow model. Stitcher is included in our Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 in cash. Simplecast is a podcast management and analytics platform. Simplecast complements AdsWizz's advertising technology platform, allowing the company to offer podcasters a comprehensive solution for publishing, analytics, distribution and advertising sales, and is included in the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit. The Simplecast acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. We recognized goodwill of , amortizable intangible assets of , other assets of less than and deferred tax liabilities of . 
 , and , respectively. 

(4) 

(a) The fair value for non-publicly traded instruments is based upon estimates from a market maker and brokerage firm. Refer to Note 13 for information related to the carrying value of our debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

(5) 
 to reduce the carrying value of the assets to their fair values. Additionally, we wrote off fixed assets of in connection with furniture and equipment located at the impaired office spaces. Separately, we performed an analysis surrounding initiatives that we are no longer pursuing and recorded an impairment of associated with terminated software projects and an impairment of related to personnel severance. The total restructuring and impairment charge of was recorded to Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 to reduce the carrying value of the assets to their fair values. Additionally, we accrued expenses of for which we will not recognize any future economic benefits and wrote off leasehold improvements of . The fair values of the assets were determined using a discounted cash flow model based on management's assumptions regarding the ability to sublease the locations and the remaining term of the leases. The total charge of was recorded to Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded of restructuring expenses primarily related to the write down of property and equipment, definite lived intangible assets and certain other assets related to the termination of the Automatic service in Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The termination of the Automatic service did not meet the requirements to be reported as a discontinued operation in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income because the termination of the service does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results. 

(6) 
 We had participating securities during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Common stock equivalents of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted net income per common share as the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Effect of interest on assumed conversions of convertible notes, net of tax Net Income available to common stockholders for dilutive net income per common share Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic net income per common share Weighted average impact of assumed convertible notes Weighted average impact of dilutive equity instruments Weighted average shares for diluted net income per common share Net income per common share: Basic Diluted 

(7) 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Customer accounts receivable, net Receivables from distributors Other receivables Total receivables, net 

(8) 
 reporting units is performed as of the fourth quarter of each year, and an assessment is performed at other times if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. ASC 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other Our Sirius XM reporting unit, which has an allocated goodwill balance of , had a negative carrying amount as of December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were no indicators of impairment, and impairment losses were recorded for goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we elected to perform a quantitative goodwill assessment of our Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit and determined the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of an income approach, employing a discounted cash flow model, and a market approach. The results of our 2022 goodwill impairment test indicated that the estimated fair value of our Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, we performed a quantitative goodwill assessment and determined the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach, employing a discounted cash flow model, and a market approach. The discounted cash flow model relied on assumptions, such as the extent of the economic downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the expected timing of recovery, expected growth in profitability and discount rate, which we believed were appropriate. Additionally, assumptions related to guideline company financial multiples used in the market approach decreased based on market observations. The results of our 2020 goodwill impairment test indicated that the estimated fair value of the Sirius XM reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. The carrying amount of the Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value primarily due to a reduction in the long-term forecast to reflect increased costs related to royalty rates for streaming and increased uncertainty surrounding the projected demand for advertising and decrease of listening hours. As a result, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of during the year ended December 31, 2020 to write down the carrying amount of the Pandora and Off-platform goodwill in the Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs line item in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative balance of goodwill impairments recorded was , of which was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2008 and is included in the carrying amount of the goodwill allocated to our 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2020 and is included in the carrying amount of the goodwill allocated to our Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of goodwill for our Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform reporting units was and , respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded of goodwill related to acquisitions associated with our Pandora and Off-platform reporting unit. Refer to Note 3 for information regarding these acquisitions. 
 Acquisition Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisition Balance at December 31, 2022 

(9) 
 Trademarks Indefinite Definite life intangible assets: OEM relationships years ) ) Licensing agreements years ) ) Software and technology years ) ) Due to Acquisitions recorded to Pandora and Off-platform Reporting Unit: Indefinite life intangible assets: Trademarks Indefinite Definite life intangible assets: Customer relationships years ) ) Software and technology years ) ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

We completed a quantitative assessment of our FCC licenses and Pandora trademarks during the fourth quarter of 2022. As of the date of our annual assessment for 2022, our impairment assessment of the fair value of our indefinite intangible assets indicated that the estimated fair value of our FCC licenses and Pandora trademarks exceeded their carrying values and therefore no impairment exists. 
 We completed our qualitative assessments of our FCC licenses and XM and Pandora trademarks during the fourth quarter of 2021. As of the date of our annual assessment, our qualitative impairment assessment of the fair value of our indefinite intangible assets indicated that the fair value of such assets exceeded their carrying value and therefore were not at risk of impairment. 
 We completed a quantitative assessment of our FCC licenses and XM and Pandora trademarks during the fourth quarter of 2020. As of the date of our annual assessment for 2020, our impairment assessment of the fair value of our indefinite intangible assets indicated that the carrying value of our Pandora trademark exceeded the fair value of the asset by . The excess carrying value was written off and recognized in the Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs line item in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The impairment assessment for our FCC licenses and XM trademark indicate that the fair value of such assets substantially exceeded their carrying value and therefore were not at risk of impairment. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we also recognized an impairment loss of less than for intangible assets with indefinite lives related to the termination of the Automatic service. 
 Definite Life Intangible Assets 
 Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives to their estimated residual values, in a pattern that reflects when the economic benefits will be consumed, and are reviewed for impairment under the provisions of ASC 360-10-35, Property, Plant and Equipment/Overall/Subsequent Measurement . We review intangible assets subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the sum of the expected cash flows, undiscounted and without interest, is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. impairment loss was recognized for intangible assets with definite lives during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Amortization expense for all definite life intangible assets was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were retirements of definite lived intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were retirements of definite lived intangible assets of , which included a loss of , due to the termination of the Automatic service, during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total definite life intangible assets, net 

(10) 
 
 years Terrestrial repeater network - years Broadcast studio equipment - years Capitalized software and hardware - years Satellite telemetry, tracking and control facilities - years Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other - years Building or years Leasehold improvements Lesser of useful life or remaining lease term 
 We review long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the asset. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges of related to the write off of terminated software projects and fixed assets in connection with furniture and equipment located at impaired office spaces. Refer to the Note 5 for more information. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded an impairment charge of related to our SXM-7 satellite which was offset by insurance recoveries. Refer to the discussion below for more information. We did record any impairment charges during the year ended 2020. 
 F-21 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Terrestrial repeater network Leasehold improvements Broadcast studio equipment Capitalized software and hardware Satellite telemetry, tracking and control facilities Furniture, fixtures, equipment and other Land Building Construction in progress Total property and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Construction in progress consists of the following: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Satellite system Terrestrial repeater network Capitalized software and hardware Other Construction in progress 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we wrote off furniture and equipment in connection with impaired office space leases and we disposed of assets associated with software development initiatives that we are no longer pursuing. In addition to the property and equipment impaired above, we sold real estate during the year ended December 31, 2022 for net proceeds of resulting in a gain of which has been recorded to Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs line item in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We retired property and equipment of during the year ended December 31, 2021 and during the year ended December 31, 2020, which included a loss of related to the termination of the Automatic service. 
 We capitalize a portion of the interest on funds borrowed to finance the construction and launch of our satellites. Capitalized interest is recorded as part of the asset s cost and depreciated over the satellite s useful life. Capitalized interest costs were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which related to the construction of our SXM-7, SXM-8, SXM-9 and SXM-10 satellites. We also capitalize a portion of share-based compensation related to employee time for capitalized software projects. Capitalized share-based compensation costs were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-22 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 satellites. Each satellite requires an FCC license, and prior to the expiration of each license, we are required to apply for a renewal of the FCC satellite license. The renewal and extension of our licenses is reasonably certain at minimal cost, which is expensed as incurred. 
 
 During the year ended December 30, 2021, we recorded an impairment charge of to Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income related to the total loss of the SXM-7 satellite. We procured insurance for SXM-7 to cover the risks associated with the satellite's launch and first year of in-orbit operation. The aggregate coverage under the insurance policies with respect to SXM-7 was . During the year ended December 30, 2021, we collected of insurance recoveries. Of this amount, was recorded as a reduction to Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs during year ended December 30, 2021. The remaining was recorded in Other income during the year ended December 30, 2021. SXM-7 remains in-orbit at its assigned orbital location, but is not being used to provide satellite radio service. 
 Our SXM-8 satellite was successfully launched into a geostationary orbit on June 6, 2021 and was placed into service on September 8, 2021 following the completion of in-orbit testing. Our SXM-8 satellite replaced our XM-3 satellite. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we replaced our XM-4 satellite with our XM-5 satellite. As of December 31, 2022, our XM-3 and XM-4 satellites remain available as in-orbit spares. 

(11) 
 year to years, some of which may include options to extend the leases for up to years, and some of which may include options to terminate the leases within year. We elected the practical expedient to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single component. Additionally, we elected the practical expedient to not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for short-term leases, which are those leases with a term of twelve months or less at the lease commencement date. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we ceased using certain leased locations and recorded an impairment charge of and , respectively, to write down the carrying value of the right-of-use assets for these locations to their estimated fair values. Refer to Note 5 for additional information. 
 Finance lease cost Sublease income ) ) Total lease cost 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases 
 Operating lease current liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Finance Leases Property and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net Current maturities of debt Long-term debt Total finance lease liabilities 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases years years Finance leases years years 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases Finance leases 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total 

(12) 
 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Liberty Media has of its executives and of its directors on our board of directors. Gregory B. Maffei, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Media, is the Chairman of our board of directors. 
 On February 1, 2021, Holdings entered into a tax sharing agreement with Liberty Media governing the allocation of consolidated U.S. income tax liabilities and setting forth agreements with respect to other tax matters. The tax sharing agreement was negotiated and approved by a special committee of Holdings board of directors, all of whom are independent of Liberty Media. Refer to Note 17 for more information regarding the tax sharing agreement. 
 
 Sirius XM Canada 
 Sirius XM holds a equity interest and voting interest in Sirius XM Canada, a privately held corporation. We own shares of preferred stock of Sirius XM Canada, which has a liquidation preference of Canadian dollar per share. 
 
 On March 15, 2022, Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada entered into an amended and restated services and distribution agreement. The amended and restated services and distribution agreement modified the existing Services Agreement and terminated the existing Advisory Agreement, each dated as of May 25, 2017, between Sirius XM and Sirius XM Canada. Pursuant to the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee payable by Sirius XM Canada to Sirius XM was modified from a fixed percentage of revenue to a variable fee, based on a target operating profit for Sirius XM Canada. Such variable fee is expected to be evaluated annually based on comparable companies. In accordance with the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, the fee is payable on a monthly basis, in arrears, beginning January 1, 2022. 
 In May 2017, Sirius XM extended a loan to Sirius XM Canada in the principal amount of . Prior to the March 2022 amendment, cumulative note repayments by Sirius XM Canada were . In connection with the execution of the amended and restated services and distribution agreement, Sirius XM forgave in principal amount of such loan to Sirius XM Canada, leaving an outstanding principal amount of on such loan. The principal amount that was forgiven by Sirius XM was considered satisfied and as contributed capital from Sirius XM. 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 and , respectively, and, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, also included and , respectively, for the long-term value of the outstanding loan to Sirius XM Canada. 
 
 Sirius XM Canada paid gross dividends to us of , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Dividends are first recorded as a reduction to our investment balance in Sirius XM Canada to the extent a balance exists and then as Other (expense) income for any remaining portion. 
 We recorded revenue from Sirius XM Canada as Other revenue in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income of , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 SoundCloud 
 We have an investment in SoundCloud which is accounted for as an equity method investment and recorded in Related party long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Sirius XM has appointed individuals to serve on SoundCloud's -member board of managers. Sirius XM's share of SoundCloud's net loss was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was recorded in Other (expense) income in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 In addition to our investment in SoundCloud, Pandora has an agreement with SoundCloud to be its exclusive ad sales representative in the US and certain European countries. Through this arrangement, Pandora offers advertisers the ability to execute campaigns across the Pandora and SoundCloud platforms. We recorded revenue share expense related to this agreement of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also had related party liabilities of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to this agreement. 
 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 (13) 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 December 1, 2023 semi-annually on June 1 and December 1 Sirius XM (b) (f) April 2022 Incremental Term Loan April 11, 2024 variable fee paid monthly Sirius XM (b) August 2021 Senior Notes 
 September 1, 2026 semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 Sirius XM (b) July 2017 Senior Notes 
 August 1, 2027 semi-annually on February 1 and August 1 Sirius XM (b) June 2021 Senior Notes 
 July 15, 2028 semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 Sirius XM (b) June 2019 Senior Notes 
 July 1, 2029 semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 Sirius XM (b) June 2020 Senior Notes 
 July 1, 2030 semi-annually on January 1 and July 1 Sirius XM (b) August 2021 Senior Notes 
 September 1, 2031 semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 Sirius XM (e) December 2012 Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility (the "Credit Facility") August 31, 2026 variable fee paid quarterly Sirius XM Various Finance leases Various n/a n/a Total Debt Less: total current maturities Less: total deferred financing costs Total long-term debt 
 (a) The carrying value of the obligations is net of any remaining unamortized original issue discount. 
 (b) All material domestic subsidiaries, including Pandora and its subsidiaries, that guarantee the Credit Facility have guaranteed the incremental term loan and these notes. 
 (c) Holdings has unconditionally guaranteed all of the payment obligations of Pandora under these notes. 
 (d) We acquired in principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 as part of the acquisition of Pandora Media, Inc. in 2019. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, we allocated the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 between the liability and equity components. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 1, 2022, which removed the separation model for convertible debt with cash conversion features. Refer to Note 2 for more information on the adoption of ASU 2020-06. The Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 were not convertible into common stock and were not redeemable as of December 31, 2022. 
 (e) In August 2021, Sirius XM entered into an amendment to extend the maturity of the Credit Facility to August 31, 2026. Sirius XM's obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by certain of its material domestic subsidiaries, including Pandora and its subsidiaries, and are secured by a lien on substantially all of Sirius XM's assets and the assets of its material domestic subsidiaries. Interest on borrowings is payable on a monthly basis and accrues at a rate based on LIBOR plus an applicable rate. Sirius XM is also required to pay a variable fee on the average daily unused portion of the Credit Facility which is payable on a quarterly basis. The variable rate for the unused portion of the Credit Facility was per annum as of December 31, 2022. All of Sirius XM's outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility are classified as Long-term debt within our consolidated balance sheets due to the long-term maturity of this debt. 
 F-27 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 which matures on April 11, 2024. Interest on the Incremental Term Loan borrowing is based on the Adjusted Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus an applicable rate. 
 Retired Debt 
 On August 2, 2021, Sirius XM redeemed in outstanding principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2022 for an aggregate purchase price, including interest, of . On August 16, 2021, Sirius XM redeemed in outstanding principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2024 for an aggregate purchase price, including premium and interest, of . On September 2, 2021, Sirius XM redeemed in outstanding principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2026 for an aggregate purchase price, including premium and interest, of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized to Loss on extinguishment of debt, consisting primarily of redemption premiums of , unamortized discount and unamortized deferred financing fees, as a result of these redemptions. 
 On July 9, 2020, Sirius XM redeemed of its then outstanding Senior Notes due 2023 for an aggregate redemption price, including premium and interest, of . On July 9, 2020, Sirius XM also redeemed of its then outstanding Senior Notes due 2025 for an aggregate redemption price, including premium and interest, of . During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized to Loss on extinguishment of debt, consisting primarily of redemption premiums, unamortized discount and deferred financing fees, as a result of these redemptions. 
 Covenants and Restrictions 
 Under the Credit Facility, Sirius XM, our wholly owned subsidiary, must comply with a debt maintenance covenant that it cannot exceed a total leverage ratio, calculated as consolidated total debt to consolidated operating cash flow, of to 1.0. The Credit Facility generally requires compliance with certain covenants that restrict Sirius XM's ability to, among other things, (i) incur additional indebtedness, (ii) incur liens, (iii) pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments, investments or acquisitions, (iv) enter into certain transactions with affiliates, (v) merge or consolidate with another person, (vi) sell, assign, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Sirius XM's assets, and (vii) make voluntary prepayments of certain debt, in each case subject to exceptions. 
 The indentures governing Sirius XM's notes restrict Sirius XM's non-guarantor subsidiaries' ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiary guaranteeing each such series of notes on a pari passu basis. The indentures governing the notes also contain covenants that, among other things, limit Sirius XM's ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to create certain liens; enter into sale/leaseback transactions; and merge or consolidate. 
 Under Sirius XM's debt agreements, the following generally constitute an event of default: (i) a default in the payment of interest; (ii) a default in the payment of principal; (iii) failure to comply with covenants; (iv) failure to pay other indebtedness after final maturity or acceleration of other indebtedness exceeding a specified amount; (v) certain events of bankruptcy; (vi) a judgment for payment of money exceeding a specified aggregate amount; and (vii) voidance of subsidiary guarantees, subject to grace periods where applicable. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, our debt could become immediately due and payable. 
 The indenture governing the Pandora 2023 Notes (as defined below) contains covenants that limit Pandora s ability to merge or consolidate and provides for customary events of default, which include nonpayment of principal or interest, breach of covenants, payment defaults or acceleration of other indebtedness and certain events of bankruptcy. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with our debt covenants. 
 Pandora Convertible Notes 
 Pandora's Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (the Pandora 2023 Notes are unsecured, senior obligations of Pandora. Holdings has guaranteed the payment and performance obligations of Pandora under the Pandora 2023 Notes and the indenture governing the Pandora 2023 Notes. 
 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

(14) 
 per share 
 We are authorized to issue up to shares of common stock. There were and shares of common stock issued and and shares of common stock outstanding on December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock reserved for issuance in connection with outstanding stock-based awards to members of our board of directors, employees and third parties. 
 Special Dividend 
 February 11, 2022 February 25, 2022 
 Quarterly Dividends 
 February 11, 2022 February 25, 2022 April 19, 2022 May 6, 2022 May 25, 2022 July 14, 2022 August 5, 2022 August 31, 2022 November 1, 2022 November 11, 2022 November 30, 2022 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 As of December 31, 2022, our board of directors had approved for repurchase an aggregate of of our common stock. Our board of directors did not establish an end date for this stock repurchase program. Shares of common stock may be purchased from time to time on the open market, pursuant to pre-set trading plans meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, in privately negotiated transactions, including transactions with Liberty Media and its affiliates, or otherwise. As of December 31, 2022, our cumulative repurchases since December 2012 under our stock repurchase program totaled shares for , and remained available for future share repurchases under our stock repurchase program. 
 
 Preferred Stock, par value per share 
 We are authorized to issue up to shares of undesignated preferred stock with a liquidation preference of per share. There were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 (15) 
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 We account for equity instruments granted in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation . ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on fair value. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model to value stock option awards and have elected to treat awards with graded vesting as a single award. Share-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We measure restricted stock unit awards using the fair market value of the restricted shares of common stock on the day the award is granted. We measure the value of restricted units that will vest depending a relative total stockholder return metric that is, the performance of our common stock as compared other companies included in the S P 500 Index using a special option-based valuation method, known as a Monte Carlo simulation. Since the results of such awards depend on future results, which are not known on the grant date, the Monte Carlo simulation attempts to take into consideration the terms of the awards, potential future returns, payout rates, and other factors to estimate a fair value of the award. The Monte Carlo simulation method uses factual data for the company and employs various assumptions. Stock-based awards granted to employees, non-employees and members of our board of directors include stock options and restricted stock units. 
 Fair value as determined using the Black-Scholes-Merton model varies based on assumptions used for the expected life, expected stock price volatility, expected dividend yield and risk-free interest rates. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we estimated the fair value of awards granted using the hybrid approach for volatility, which weights observable historical volatility and implied volatility of qualifying actively traded options on our common stock. The expected life assumption represents the weighted-average period stock-based awards are expected to remain outstanding. These expected life assumptions are established through a review of historical exercise behavior of stock-based award grants with similar vesting periods. Where historical patterns do not exist for non-employees, contractual terms are used. Dividend yield is based on the current expected annual dividend per share and our stock price. The risk-free interest rate represents the daily treasury yield curve rate at the grant date based on the closing market bid yields on actively traded U.S. treasury securities in the over-the-counter market for the expected term. Our assumptions may change in future periods. 
 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan 
 In May 2015, our stockholders approved the Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 2015 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan ). Employees, consultants and members of our board of directors are eligible to receive awards under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards that the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors deems appropriate. Stock-based awards granted under the 2015 Plan are generally subject to a graded vesting requirement, which is generally three to from the grant date. Stock options generally expire from the date of grant. Restricted stock units include performance-based restricted stock units PRSUs ), the vesting of which are subject to the achievement of performance goals and the employee's continued employment and generally cliff vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. Each restricted stock unit entitles the holder to receive share of common stock upon vesting. As of December 31, 2022, shares of common stock were available for future grants under the 2015 Plan. 
 The Compensation Committee intends to award equity-based compensation to our senior management in the form of: stock options, which awards will vest in equal installments on the first anniversaries of the date of grant; restricted stock units, which awards will vest in equal installments on the first anniversaries of the date of grant; PRSUs, which will cliff vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant after a performance period if the free cash flow target established by the Compensation Committee is achieved; and PRSUs, which will cliff vest after a performance period based on the performance of our common stock relative to the companies included in the S P 500 Index. We refer to this performance measure as a relative TSR or total stockholder return metric. PRSUs based on the relative total stockholder return metric will only vest if our performance achieves at least the 25th percentile, with a target payout requiring performance at the 50th percentile. The settlement of PRSUs earned in respect of the applicable performance period will be generally subject to the executive s continued employment with us through the date the total stockholder return performance is certified by the Compensation Committee. 
 Other Plans 
 We maintain share-based benefit plans in addition to the 2015 Plan the Sirius XM Radio Inc. 2009 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, the Amended and Restated Sirius Satellite Radio 2003 Long-Term Stock Incentive Plan, the 2014 Stock 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Expected life of options years Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend yield 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, cancelled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2020 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, cancelled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited, cancelled or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 (1) On February 25, 2022, we paid a special dividend which resulted in a reduction to the exercise price of all options outstanding as of February 11, 2022. The table above reflects the exercise price reduction for all stock option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the outstanding and exercisable balances as of December 31, 2022. Stock option activity and balances prior to January 1, 2022 were not adjusted in the table above. 
 The weighted average grant date fair value per stock option granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the number of net settled shares issued as a result of stock option exercises was , and , respectively. 
 We recognized share-based payment expense associated with stock options of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested as of December 31, 2022 
 The total intrinsic value of restricted stock units, including PRSUs, vesting during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the number of net settled shares issued as a result of restricted stock units vesting totaled , and , respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted , and PRSUs, respectively, to certain employees. We believe it is probable that the performance target applicable to these PRSUs will be achieved. 
 In connection with the cash dividends paid during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we granted , and restricted stock units, including PRSUs, in accordance with the terms of existing award agreements, respectively. These grants did not result in any additional incremental share-based payment expense being recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 We recognized share-based payment expense associated with restricted stock units, including PRSUs, of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Total unrecognized compensation costs related to unvested share-based payment awards for stock options and restricted stock units, including PRSUs, granted to employees, members of our board of directors and third parties at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The total unrecognized compensation costs at December 31, 2022 are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 401(k) Savings Plans 
 Sirius XM sponsors the Sirius XM Radio Inc. 401(k) Savings Plan (the Sirius XM Plan for eligible employees. The Sirius XM Plan allows eligible employees to voluntarily contribute from to of their pre-tax eligible earnings, subject to certain defined limits. We match of an employee s voluntary contributions per pay period on the first of an employee s pre-tax salary up to a maximum of of eligible compensation. We may also make additional discretionary matching, true-up matching and non-elective contributions to the Sirius XM Plan. Employer matching contributions under the Sirius XM Plan vest at a rate of for each year of employment and are fully vested after of employment for all current and future contributions. Our cash employer matching contributions are not used to purchase shares of our common stock on the open market, unless the employee elects our common stock as their investment option for this contribution. 
 We recognized expenses of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, in connection with the Sirius XM Plan. 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 
), and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of the investments held in the trust were and , respectively, which is included in Other long-term assets in our consolidated balance sheets and classified as trading securities. Trading gains and losses associated with these investments are recorded in Other (expense) income within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. The associated liability is recorded within Other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, and any increase or decrease in the liability is recorded in General and administrative expense within our consolidated statements of comprehensive income. We recorded (losses) gains on investments held in the trust of ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(16) 
 Cash interest payments Satellite and transmission Programming and content Sales and marketing Satellite incentive payments Operating lease obligations Royalties, minimum guarantees and other Total (1) 
 
 (1) The table does not include our reserve for uncertain tax positions, which at December 31, 2022 totaled . 
 Debt obligations. Debt obligations include principal payments on outstanding debt and finance lease obligations. 
 Cash interest payments. Cash interest payments include interest due on outstanding debt and capital lease payments through maturity. 
 Satellite and transmission. We have entered into agreements for the design and construction of additional satellites, SXM-9, SXM-10, SXM-11 and SXM-12. We have also entered into agreements to launch two of those satellites. We also have entered into agreements with third parties to operate and maintain satellite telemetry, tracking and control facilities and certain components of our terrestrial repeater networks. 
 Programming and content. We have entered into various programming and content agreements. Under the terms of these agreements, our obligations include fixed payments, advertising commitments and revenue sharing arrangements. In certain of these agreements, the future revenue sharing costs are dependent upon many factors and are difficult to estimate; therefore, they are not included in our minimum contractual cash commitments. 
 Sales and marketing. We have entered into various marketing, sponsorship and distribution agreements to promote our brands and are obligated to make payments to sponsors, retailers, automakers, radio manufacturers and other third parties under these agreements. Certain programming and content agreements also require us to purchase advertising on properties owned or controlled by the licensors. 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 design life, which we expect to occur. 
 Operating lease obligations. We have entered into both cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases for office space, terrestrial repeaters, data centers and equipment. These leases provide for minimum lease payments, additional operating expense charges, leasehold improvements and rent escalations that have initial terms ranging from one to , and certain leases have options to renew. Total rent recognized in connection with leases for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 
 Royalties, Minimum Guarantees and Other. We have entered into music royalty arrangements that include fixed payments. In addition, certain of our podcast agreements also contain minimum guarantees. As of December 31, 2022, we had future fixed commitments related to music royalty and podcast agreements of , of which will be paid in 2023 and the remainder will be paid thereafter. On a quarterly basis, we record the greater of the cumulative actual content costs incurred or the cumulative minimum guarantee based on forecasted usage for the minimum guarantee period. The minimum guarantee period is the period of time that the minimum guarantee relates to, as specified in each agreement, which may be annual or a longer period. The cumulative minimum guarantee, based on forecasted usage, considers factors such as listening hours, downloads, revenue, subscribers and other terms of each agreement that impact our expected attainment or recoupment of the minimum guarantees based on the relative attribution method. 
 Several of our content agreements also include provisions related to the royalty payments and structures of those agreements relative to other content licensing arrangements, which, if triggered, cause our payments under those agreements to escalate. In addition, record labels, publishers and performing rights organizations with whom we have entered into direct license agreements have the right to audit our content payments, and such audits often result in disputes over whether we have paid the proper content costs. 
 We have also entered into various agreements with third parties for general operating purposes. The cost of our common stock acquired in our capital return program but not paid for as of December 31, 2022 was also included in this category. 
 In addition to the minimum contractual cash commitments described above, we have entered into other variable cost arrangements. These future costs are dependent upon many factors and are difficult to anticipate; however, these costs may be substantial. We may enter into additional programming, distribution, marketing and other agreements that contain similar variable cost provisions. We do not have any other significant off-balance sheet financing arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 In the ordinary course of business, we are a defendant or party to various claims and lawsuits, including those discussed below. 

Pre-1972 Sound Recording Litigation. On October 2, 2014, Flo Eddie Inc. filed a class action suit against Pandora in the federal district court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges a violation of California Civil Code 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 , the Ninth Circuit remanded the case to the District Court and directed the district court to consider expedited motions practice on the legal validity of Flo Eddie s claims in light of the intervening precedent. 
 
 On September 29, 2022, Flo Eddie filed an Amended Complaint, and on October 13, 2022, Pandora filed an Answer to the Amended Complaint. In accordance with the directive of the Ninth Circuit, the parties have agreed to a schedule for a Motion for Summary Judgment. In November 2022, Pandora filed a Motion for Summary Judgment and briefing on this Motion is expected to be completed in February 2023. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

(17)) ) State ) ) ) Total current taxes ) ) ) Deferred taxes: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) Total deferred taxes ) ) ) Total income tax expense ) ) ) 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 State income tax expense, net of federal benefit Change in valuation allowance Tax credits ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) Impact of nondeductible compensation Automatic worthless stock deduction ) Goodwill impairment Uncertain tax positions ) ) Audit Settlements ) Other, net ) Effective tax rate 
 Our effective tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily impacted by federal and state income tax expense as well as changes in state valuation allowance, partially offset by a benefit related to research and development and certain other credits. Our effective tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily impacted by federal and state income tax expense, partially offset by settlements with various states as well as a benefit related to research and development and certain other credits. Our effective tax rate of for the year ended December 31, 2020 was primarily impacted by the nondeductible Pandora goodwill impairment charge, partially offset by the recognition of excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation, a benefit related to state and federal research and development and certain other credits and a worthless stock deduction associated with the termination of the Automatic service. 
 Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences related to temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for tax purposes at each year-end, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences can be carried forward under tax law. Our evaluation of the realizability of deferred tax assets considers both positive and negative evidence, including historical financial performance, scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities, projected taxable income and tax planning strategies. The weight given to the potential effects of positive and negative evidence is based on the extent to which it can be objectively verified. A valuation allowance is recognized when, based on the weight of all available evidence, it is considered more likely than not that all, or some portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Deferred revenue Accrued bonus Expensed costs capitalized for tax Investments Stock based compensation Operating lease liability Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation of property and equipment ) ) FCC license ) ) Other intangible assets ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance ) ) Valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax (liability) asset ) ) 
 Net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits decreased as a result of the utilization of net operating losses related to current year taxable income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded and for state and federal tax credits, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our gross federal net operating loss carryforwards were approximately which are subject to Section 382 limitations. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets of and , respectively, that were not likely to be realized due to the timing of certain federal and state net operating loss limitations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our valuation allowance increased primarily as a result of the impact of decrease in forecasted earnings, resulting in lower projected utilization of state and local net operating losses. This was partially offset by a write off of a valuation allowance that was recorded on net operating losses that expired during the current year. As a portion of these net operating losses are not anticipated to be realizable, we increased our valuation allowance for those expected to expire un-utilized based on taxable income projections. 
 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 and , respectively. If recognized, of unrecognized tax benefits would affect our effective tax rate. Uncertain tax positions are recognized in Other long-term liabilities which, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were and , respectively, including accrued interest. 
 We have state income tax audits pending. We do not expect the ultimate outcome of these audits to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. We also do not currently anticipate that our existing reserves related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 will significantly increase or decrease during the year ending December 31, 2023. Various events could cause our current expectations to change. Should our position with respect to the majority of these uncertain tax positions be upheld, the effect would be recorded in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income as part of the income tax provision. We recorded interest expense of ) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 Increases in tax positions for prior years Increases in tax positions for current year Decreases in tax positions for prior years ) ) Decreases related to settlement with taxing authorities ) Balance, end of year 
 On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, was signed into law. Among other things, the IRA imposes a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, levies a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases after December 31, 2022, and provides tax incentives to promote clean energy. Beginning in 2023, our net stock repurchases will be subject to the excise tax. Based on the historical net repurchase activity, the excise tax and the other provisions of the IRA are not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

(18) 
 reportable segments: Sirius XM and Pandora and Off-platform. The financial results of these segments are utilized by the chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, for evaluating segment performance and allocating resources. We report our segment information based on the "management" approach. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of our reportable segments. For additional information on our segments refer to Note 1. 
 Segment results include the revenues and cost of services which are directly attributable to each segment. There are no indirect revenues or costs incurred that are allocated to the segments. There are planned intersegment advertising campaigns which will be eliminated. We had less than of intersegment advertising revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Advertising revenue Equipment revenue Other revenue Total revenue Cost of services (a) 
 ) ) ) Segment gross profit 
 
 Subscriber acquisition costs ) Sales and marketing (a) 
 ) Engineering, design and development (a) 
 ) General and administrative (a) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization ) Share-based payment expense ) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs ) Total other (expense) income ) Consolidated income before income taxes 
 (a) Share-based payment expense of related to cost of services, related to sales and marketing, related to engineering, design and development and related to general and administrative has been excluded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Advertising revenue Equipment revenue Other revenue Total revenue Cost of services (b) 
 ) ) ) Segment gross profit 
 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

 Subscriber acquisition costs ) Sales and marketing (b) 
 ) Engineering, design and development (b) 
 ) General and administrative (b) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization ) Share-based payment expense ) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs ) Total other (expense) income ) Consolidated income before income taxes 
 (b) Share-based payment expense of related to cost of services, related to sales and marketing, related to engineering, design and development and related to general and administrative has been excluded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Advertising revenue Equipment revenue Other revenue Total revenue Cost of services (c) 
 ) ) ) Segment gross profit 
 
 Subscriber acquisition costs ) Sales and marketing (c) 
 ) Engineering, design and development (c) 
 ) General and administrative (c) 
 ) Depreciation and amortization ) Share-based payment expense ) Impairment, restructuring and acquisition costs ) Total other (expense) income ) Consolidated income before income taxes 
 (c) Share-based payment expense of related to cost of services, related to sales and marketing, related to engineering, design and development and related to general and administrative has been excluded for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - Continued (Dollars and shares in millions, except per share amounts) 

(19) 
 per share of common stock payable on February 24, 2023 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 9, 2023. 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Schedule II - Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

) Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax assets valuation allowance 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) 
 F-43 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211-20221231.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Sirius XM Radio Inc. 
 
 Automatic Labs Inc. 
 Satellite CD Radio LLC 
 Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Inc. 
 Sirius XM Connected Vehicle Services Holdings Inc. 
 SXM CVS Canada Inc. 
 XM 1500 Eckington LLC 
 XM Emall Inc. 
 XM Investment LLC 
 XM Radio LLC 
 Pandora Media, LLC 
 AdsWizz Inc. 
 Stitcher Media LLC 
 Audios Ventures Inc. (dba Simplecast) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-20221231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-229468, 333-228088, 333-152574, 333-159206, 333-160386, 333-179600, 333-204302, and 333-205409) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule II of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-20221231.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jennifer C. Witz, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s JENNIFER C. WITZ 
 Jennifer C. Witz Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 2, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-20221231.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Sean S. Sullivan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 By s SEAN S. SULLIVAN 
 Sean S. Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 2, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-20221231.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jennifer C. Witz, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s JENNIFER C. WITZ 
 Jennifer C. Witz Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 2, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322-20221231.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY 
 ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sean S. Sullivan, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 By s SEAN S. SULLIVAN 
 Sean S. Sullivan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 2, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 siri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 siri-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 siri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 siri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 siri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

