<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1839285_0001607062-23-000154.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7719063</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>326154</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1820762</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2782684</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1201533</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1378513</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001607062-23-000154.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328160042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001607062-23-000154
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healthcare Triangle, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001839285
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER INTEGRATED SYSTEMS DESIGN [7373]
		IRS NUMBER:				843559776
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40903
		FILM NUMBER:		23769408

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4309 HACIENDA DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			945888
		BUSINESS PHONE:		925-270-4812

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4309 HACIENDA DR.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			945888

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001607062-23-000154.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 hcti123122form10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For
the Transition Period from to

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Ticker
 Symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 

No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

 Yes

The
Registrant was not a public company as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter and, therefore,
cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of such date. 

 As
of March 28, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.00001 par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 

1 

T able
of Contents 

PART
 I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
 1 Business 
 6 
 
 Item
 1A Risk Factors 
 16 
 
 Item
 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 38 
 
 Item
 2 Properties 
 38 
 
 Item
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 
 Item
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 
 PART
 II 

Item
 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 
 
 Item
 6 Selected Financial Data 
 40 
 
 Item
 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 
 Item
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 81 
 
 Item
 9A Controls and Procedures 
 81 
 
 Item
 9B Other Information 
 81 
 
 Item
 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections there Information 
 81 
 
 PART
 III 

Item
 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 
 Item
 11 Executive Compensation 
 89 
 
 Item
 12 Security ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 90 
 
 Item
 13 Certain Relationships and Related party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 92 
 
 Item
 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 92 
 
 PART
 IV 

Item
 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 93 

2 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

 This
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and Risk Factors, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, involving substantial risks and
uncertainties. The words believe, may, will, potentially, plan, could, 
 should, predict, ongoing, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, 
 project, expect, seek, or the negative of these words, or terms or similar expressions conveying
uncertainty of future events or outcomes, or that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions, are intended to identify forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected, anticipated, or expected. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other
cautionary statements discussed under the heading Risk Factors and in our publicly available filings and press releases.
These statements include, among other things, those regarding: 

our
 ability to continue to add new customers and increase sales to our existing customers; 

our
 ability to develop new solutions and bring them to market in a timely manner; 

our
 ability to timely and effectively scale and adapt our existing solutions; 

our
 dependence on establishing and maintaining a strong brand; 

the
 occurrence of service interruptions and security or privacy breaches and related remediation
 efforts and fines; 

system
 failures or capacity constraints 

the
 rate of growth of, and anticipated trends and challenges in, our business and in the market
 for our products; 

our
 future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue,
 operating expenses, including changes in technology and development, marketing and advertising,
 general and administrative and customer care expenses, and our ability to achieve and maintain
 future profitability; 

our
 ability to continue to efficiently acquire customers, maintain our high customer retention
 rates and maintain the level of our customers' lifetime spend; 

our
 ability to provide high quality customer care; 

the
 effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to compete effectively; 

our
 ability to grow internationally; 

the
 impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our business and our ability
 to effectively manage the exposure to such fluctuations; 

our
 ability to effectively manage our growth and associated investments, including our migration
 of the vast majority of our infrastructure to the public cloud; 

our
 ability to maintain our relationships with our partners; 

adverse
 consequences of our substantial level of indebtedness and our ability to repay our debt; 

our
 ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

our
 ability to maintain or improve our market share; 

sufficiency
 of cash and cash equivalents to meet our needs for at least the next 12 months; 

beliefs
 and objectives for future operations; 

our
 ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations currently applicable to, or which
 may become applicable to, our business both in the United States (U.S.) and internationally; 

economic
 and industry trends or trend analysis; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; 

anticipated
 income tax rates, tax estimates and tax standards; 

interest
 rate changes; 

the
 future trading prices of our common stock; 

our
 expectations regarding the outcome of any regulatory investigation or litigation; 

the
 amount and timing of future repurchases of our common stock under any share repurchase program; 

the
 potential impact of shareholder activism on our business and operations; 

the
 length and severity of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and its impact on our business,
 customers and employees; as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial
 condition, growth prospects and business strategies. 

3 

We
operate in very competitive and rapidly-changing environments, and new risks emerge from time-to-time. It is not possible for us to predict
all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events discussed in this report may not occur, and actual results could differ materially
and adversely from those implied in our forward-looking statements. 

 You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our
forward looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee the future results, levels of activity, performance or events and circumstances
described in the forward looking statements will be achieved or occur. Neither we, nor any other person, assume responsibility for the
accuracy and completeness of the forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements
for any reason after the date of this report to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as
required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 

 Unless
expressly indicated or the context suggests otherwise, references to Healthcare Triangle , HTI ,
 company , we , us and our refer to Healthcare Triangle Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiary. 

RISK
FACTORS SUMMARY 

 Investing
in our common stock involves numerous risks, including the risks summarized below and described in further detail in Part I, Item
1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations, and prospects. These risks include, but are not limited to, the risks noted below. 

Competition with
companies that have greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we have could result in a loss of clients and/or a lowering
of prices for our products, causing a decrease in our revenues and/or market share. 

We are dependent
on the continued availability of third-party hosting and transmission services. Loss of contractual relationship with operational issues
with, or changes to the costs of, our third-party data center providers could harm our business, reputation, or results of operations. 

Our Parent s
control could prevent us from obtaining essential services at lower rates and if our Parent ceases to provide us with services our business
could suffer. 

As a controlled
company under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, we may choose to exempt our Company from certain corporate governance requirements
that could have an adverse effect on our public stockholders. 

A significant inadvertent
disclosure or breach of confidential and/or personal information we hold, or of the security of our or our customers , suppliers ,
or other partners computer systems could be detrimental to our business, reputation, and results of operations. 

Defects or disruptions
in our cloud software solutions could result in diminished demand for our platforms and services, a reduction in our revenues, and subject
us to substantial liability. 

We have experienced
rapid growth, and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan. 

We may be unable
to successfully introduce new products or services or fail to keep pace with advances in technology. 

Our business depends
in part on our ability to establish and maintain additional strategic relationships. 

Our sales cycle
can be lengthy and unpredictable, which may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

Protection of certain
intellectual property may be difficult and costly, and our inability to protect our intellectual property could reduce the value of our
products and services. 

We may be liable
for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We may not be able
to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Our use of third-party
open-source software could negatively affect our ability to offer our products and services through our platforms and subject us to possible
litigation. 

4 

Any failure to
protect our intellectual property that is not registered could impair our business. 

Markets for our
products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and we may be unable to compete effectively in
these markets. 

Increased government
involvement in healthcare could materially and adversely impact our business. 

Consolidation in
the healthcare industry could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

We are subject
to numerous regulatory requirements of the healthcare industry and is susceptible to a changing regulatory environment. 

We may be directly
and indirectly liable for its client s non-compliance with laws and regulations addressing Electronic Health Records. 

We may be subject
to liability as a result of a failure or a perceived failure to comply with laws and regulations governing approval and reimbursement
of claims by healthcare industry payers. 

We may have to
incur material expenses in order to accommodate its client s interoperability requests dictated by interoperability standards of
exchange of health information. 

We may not see
the benefits from government funding programs initiated to accelerate the adoption and utilization of health information technology. 

We may be subject
to false or fraudulent claim laws. 

The market for
our data analysis systems and software solutions is new and unproven and may not grow. 

If we fail to regain
compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and
our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

If our shares of
common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

Our Parent owns
approximately 61 of our common stock and will be able to exert a controlling influence over our business affairs and matters submitted
to stockholders for approval. 

Regulatory action
against our Parent and our Chief Executive Officer in foreign jurisdiction. 

The
elimination of personal liability against our directors and officers under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held
by our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenses. 

5 

PART
I 

 Item
1. Business 

 We
are a Healthcare information technology company focused on advancing innovative industry-transforming solutions in the sectors of cloud
services, data science, and professional and managed services for the Electronic Health Record (EHR), Healthcare and Life Sciences industry. 

 Our
approach leverages our proprietary technology platforms, extensive industry knowledge, and healthcare domain expertise to provide solutions
and services that reinforce healthcare progress. Through our platform, solutions, and services, we support healthcare delivery organizations,
healthcare insurance companies, pharmaceutical and Life Sciences, biotech companies, and medical device manufacturers in their efforts
to improve data management, develop analytical insights into their operations, and deliver measurable clinical, financial, and operational
improvements. 

 We
offer a comprehensive suite of software, solutions, platforms and services that enables some of the world s leading healthcare
and pharma organizations to deliver personalized healthcare, precision medicine, advances in drug discovery, development and efficacy,
collaborative research and development, respond to real world evidence, and accelerate their digital transformation. We combine our expertise
in the healthcare technology domain, cloud technologies, DevOps and automation, data engineering, advanced analytics, AI/ML, Internet
of things IoT ), security, compliance, and governance to deliver platforms and solutions that drive improved results in
the complex workflows of Life Sciences, biotech, healthcare providers, and payers. Our differentiated solutions, enabled by intellectual
property platforms provide advanced analytics, data science applications, and data aggregation in a secure, compliant and cost-effective
manner to our customers. Our approach reinforces healthcare progress through advanced technology, extensive industry knowledge, and domain
expertise. 

 Our
deep expertise in healthcare allows us to reinforce our clients progress by accelerating their innovation. Our healthcare IT services
include EHR and software implementation, optimization, extension to community partners, as well as application managed services, and
backup and disaster recovery capabilities on public cloud. Our 24x7 managed services are used by hospitals and health systems, payers,
Life Sciences, and biotech organizations in their effort to improve health outcomes and deliver deeper, more meaningful patient and consumer
experiences. Through our services, our customers achieve return on investment in their technology by delivering measurable improvements.
Combined with our software and solutions, our services provide clients with an end-to-end partnership for their technology innovation. 

 We
believe our principal competitive factors in our market include our technology capabilities, domain expertise, and on-demand customer
support for companies to realize the benefits of modern cloud, data, and security architectures. There are several unique factors mentioned
below that make HTI an attractive service provider for healthcare and Life Sciences companies: 

Technology Platforms:
our proprietary software platforms, CloudEz and DataEz, are leveraged by our healthcare and Life Sciences customers for cloud transformation,
automation, data management, security and data governance, and clinical and non-clinical operations management. Our readabl.ai platform
uses state-of-the-art public cloud artificial intelligence and machine learning to recognize and extract healthcare information from
documents, faxes, and narrative reports. 

Technology Enabled
Services: our ability to deliver world-class services in the areas of cloud technologies, data, AI/ML, security, compliance, governance
and extend these capabilities with clinical and operational consultants that work across the healthcare industry to improve patient and
consumer outcomes. 

6 

Expertise in Compliance:
our compliance and validation experts enable us to implement Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) requirements
in GxP regulated establishments; GxP encompasses a broad range of compliance-related activities such as Good Laboratory Practices (GLP),
Good Clinical Practices (GCP), and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP). HTI s technology platforms CloudEz and DataEz are HITRUST
self-certified. HTI also supports BAA (Business Associate Agreement) coverage for healthcare clients along with cloud providers and PCI-DSS
standards. 

Engagement and
Flexibility: HTI s ability to achieve customer operational objectives through our design and commercialization of innovative solutions
with an outcome-based approach and prompt feedback. 

Team Members: our
world-class team of certified cloud architects and our unique expertise in large global pharmaceutical and biotech organizations and
other participants of the healthcare industry. 

Personal Approach
to Customers: our strong relationship management and deep understanding of customer requirements enable us to continuously drive innovation.
Our delivery methodology and automation-based approach give us the ability to respond to our customers needs and requirements
rapidly. 

Partnership with
Industry Leaders: our established relationships with healthcare and Life Sciences teams of the public cloud providers, including Amazon
Web Services AWS ), Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure Cloud, and EHR vendors such as MEDITECH and Epic Systems while engaging
with our customers for overall success. 

Our
organizational capabilities and unique advantages also include solving data insights and data interoperability challenges for the HCLS
industry with our domain knowledge and technology solutions. To accelerate healthcare providers adoption of cloud and next-generation
technologies, we leverage our Life Sciences and medical device industry experience in cloud, data, IoT, AI/ML, security compliance. 

 The
majority of our revenue is generated by our full-time employees who provide software services and Managed Services and Support to our
clients. Our software services include strategic advisory, implementation and development services and Managed Services and Support include
post implementation support and cloud hosting. We are in the early stages of marketing CloudEz, DataEz and Readabl.AI as our SaaS offerings
on a subscription basis, which we expect will provide us with recurring revenues. We do not yet have enough information about our competition
or customer acceptance of the proposed SaaS offerings to determine whether or not recurring subscription revenue will have a material
impact on our revenue growth. Our SaaS offerings have been launched and commercially available for customers. 

 Background

As
of December 31, 2022, SecureKloud Technologies, Inc., f/k/a 8K Miles Software Services, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Parent ),
owns approximately 61.14 of the Company. Our Parent is 65.2 owned by SecureKloud Technologies Ltd., an Indian company that is publicly
traded in India. 

7 

We
are led by a diverse, global, and talented team of data scientists, thought leaders, software developers, and subject matter experts
who seek to understand our customers challenges and are dedicated to tackling these challenges. As of December 31, 2022, we had
a total of 51 full time employees, 225 sub-contractors, including 122 certified cloud engineers, 107 Epic Certified EHR experts and 17
MEDITECH Certified EHR experts. Many of the senior management team and the members of our board of directors hold advanced degrees and
some are leading experts in software development, regulatory science, and market access. 

 The
Company, along with the Parent, is a born-on-the-cloud Premier Partner
of AWS and an audited next generation MSP. We are a leading partner of Google Cloud and a Gold Cloud Partner of Microsoft Azure Cloud.
HTI, along with the Parent, is currently one of the top tier Healthcare and Life Sciences competency partners of AWS among more than 100,000
partners in their global community of partners. The Company is also recognized as one of the top eight partners of Google Cloud Healthcare
Interoperability Readiness Program. The Company has also established partnerships with Medical Information Technology, Inc. MEDITECH,
Epic Systems, Splunk Inc., Snowflake Inc., Looker Inc. (acquired by Google), and other technology companies. Our Parent was rated in 2021
by Solutions Review, an independent online magazine, as one of the 22 best AWS-managed services providers(1). The Company has several
Fortune 500 clients in the Life Sciences industry and partners with many hospitals in their cloud transformation journey. We conduct our
business directly with hospitals and other healthcare providers. Our Healthcare IT services include systems selection, EHR implementation,
post-implementation support to manage EHRs, legacy support, optimization, training, and creation of efficient EHR systems, and improvement
of clinical outcomes for hospitals. 

 Market 

 Our
target markets are healthcare delivery organizations e.g. , hospitals, clinics, physician practices, and other healthcare providers)
and Life Sciences organizations e.g. , pharmaceutical and biotech companies). These target markets are large and rapidly expanding,
and the opportunity before us is substantial as data increasingly becomes more critical to successful clinical quality improvement and
outcomes, financial performance, drug discoveries, and the ever-important need to ensure a positive patient and consumer experience. 

 The
US healthcare cloud transformation services market will grow to 30B by 2027 with 17.4 CAGR as per Absolution Market Insights (2) .
Bloomberg business report estimates that the global market for healthcare data science and analytics will be 40B by 2025 with a CAGR
of 23.5 (3) . The US healthcare IT services market is estimated to be 149B by 2025 with a CAGR 11.7 as per Allied Market
Research (4) . The medical document management market is estimated to be 555M by 2025 as per Market Data Forecast (5) . 

 Based
on the above market data on cloud transformation, healthcare data science and analytics, healthcare IT services and medical document
management, we believe CloudEz, DataEz and Readabl.AI platforms have significant market opportunity. As COVID-19 and technological advancements
accelerate a rapid shift toward digital health, healthcare technology companies like HTI will help to transform the Healthcare and Life
Sciences industry and pave the way for sizeable market opportunities. 

 We
believe the industry challenges and market dynamics described below are transforming the way data and analytics are used by healthcare
organizations and provide us with a significant opportunity. 

See https://solutionsreview.com/cloud-platforms/best-aws-managed-service-providers/. 

https://www.absolutemarketsinsights.com/reports/healthcare-Cloud-Computing-Market--2019-2027-234 

https://www.bloomberg.com/press-releases/2020-04-16/healthcare-analytics-market-size-to-reach-usd-40-781-
billion-by-2025-cagr-of-23-55-valuates-reports 

https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/press-release/us-healthcare-it-market.html 

https://www.marketdataforecast.com/market-reports/medical-documents-management-market 

8 

Challenges
associated with increasing complexity of healthcare data 

 Across
the healthcare landscape, a significant amount of data is being created every day, driven by patient care, payment systems, regulatory
compliance, and recordkeeping. This includes information within patient health records, clinical trials, pharmacy benefit programs, imaging
systems, sensors, and monitoring platforms, laboratory results, patient-reported information, hospital, and physician performance programs,
and billing and payment processing. 

 The
U.S. Healthcare system has invested billions of dollars to collect vast amounts of detailed information in digital format. Examples of
major areas of investment include electronic transactional systems that digitize clinical information (e.g., EHR systems, pharmacy, laboratory,
imaging, patient satisfaction, and healthcare information exchanges), financial information (e.g., general ledger, costing, and billing),
and operational information (e.g., supply chain, human resources, time and attendance, IT support, and patient engagement). Wearables
and sensors drive personalized health data for continuous monitoring of patients through daily activity logs, biometric sensors, fall
sensors, social activity sensors, etc. These wearables and sensors result in a proliferation of healthcare data that also includes socioeconomic,
genomic, and remote patient monitoring information. Collecting, storing, and using healthcare data is complicated by the breadth and
depth of disparate sources, the multitude of formats, and increasing regulatory requirements. 

 The
data is vital for Life Sciences and pharmaceutical industries; however, traditional and current data platforms are not equipped to meet
this surge or the analytic demands. Today, the data platform is expected to stay relevant for at least 15 years, be able to democratize
the data, and still be secure and compliant. Data and analytics in healthcare is transforming the way illnesses are identified and treated,
improving quality of life and avoiding preventable deaths. 

 We
believe our DataEz platform addresses these challenges. DataEz is a cloud-based data pipeline platform that helps to enable personal
healthcare data management, analytics, and data science capabilities for large Life Sciences, pharmaceutical, and healthcare organizations.
It integrates with a larger variety of data sources to ingest, process, store, analyze, and gain insights from the data. By leveraging
the real-world evidence data and the ability to diagnose through advanced predictive modelling, AI/ML makes the process simpler and less
expensive. Life Sciences industries will require a secure, privacy-compliant, and future-proof data platform as a foundation for large-scale
genomics collaborations and for efforts to analyze archived data, including privacy-protected data. This means most organizations will
turn into data organizations and will aggressively leverage data as a core asset to drive innovation in their businesses. 

 Challenges
due to lack of coordination and interoperability 

 The
healthcare industry is fragmented and inefficient, with different legacy health insurers, hospital systems, provider groups, and pharmacy
networks each possessing distinct incentive structures some or all of which may diverge from consumers interests. Even as
consumer demand for greater coordination grows, inflexible and disparate legacy technological systems present a significant barrier to
meeting consumers wants and needs. 

9 

After
decades of investing in EHR technology, the state of interoperability is insufficient and inhibits care coordination, health data exchange,
clinical efficiency, and the quality of care provided to patients. Given that the EHR is the principal electronic interface used today
at the point of care, the path to improved data-driven decision support will require integration between EHR systems and other data and
analytics providers. Incidentally, the U.S. Healthcare system is in the midst of an open data wave, with an increasing
focus on, and demand for, patient data interoperability. Additionally, recent laws and regulations, such as the 21st Century Cures Act,
promote and prioritize interoperability and the free exchange of health information. The COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 has helped to pave
the way for advancements in EHR interoperability and standardization. The federal government s new regulations aim to help patients
gain better control of their health data via smartphone apps, interoperability is expected to increase between providers, payers, and
healthcare technology companies. 

 We
believe our Healthcare Interoperability solutions and proprietary platforms drive resilient interoperable health infrastructure as a
catalyst for delivering better care and reducing costs. We participate in Google Cloud s Healthcare Interoperability Readiness
Program, which aims to help free up patient data and make it more accessible across the continuum of care, as well as set up organizations
for long-term success with more modern, interoperable API-first architectures. We help healthcare providers understand their current
interoperability maturity levels and map out a stepwise journey to enable interoperability. For example, our Readabl.AI is a Google Cloud-based
AI/ML platform to ingest documents, which provides OCR (optical character recognition) capabilities with Natural Language Processing
where the patient information is extracted and matched/validated with healthcare providers EHR system via FHIR (Fast Healthcare
Interoperability Resources) API. 

 Impact
of, and response to, COVID-19 pandemic 

 Because
of COVID-19, healthcare and Life Sciences organizations are accelerating research, rethinking patient care, and maintaining clinical
and operational continuity during this unprecedented time for the global health system. COVID-19 has necessitated the adoption of digital
communication channels and remote working technology within the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry at a rapid pace. 

 We
believe our proprietary platforms and solutions address these challenges. Our business is focused on providing digital platform solutions
to healthcare organizations and it is our mission to adequately address COVID-19 challenges for the benefit of our customers and society
in general. As a result, consumers have better personal care, convenience, and value. We believe that COVID-19 is expected to drive increased
utilization of technology during and after the pandemic, and such shift to a virtual approach creates a unique opportunity for our business
to shape the new virtual-oriented experiences of businesses through our cloud technology and services. 

 Our
Technology and Services 

 We
offer two proprietary software platforms, CloudEz and DataEz, for cloud transformation, automation, data management, security and data
governance, and clinical and non-clinical operations management. The platforms are composed of individual, proprietary technology toolsets
and deep data assets that can be rapidly configured to empower the operationalization of large-scale, data-driven healthcare initiatives.
The platforms enable healthcare organizations to implement highly sophisticated value-based initiatives on a very large scale. At the
core of value-based initiatives is the need to aggregate and analyse data, garner meaningful insight from the results, and use these
insights to drive material change to outcomes and economics. The platforms address these needs through their major competencies: (i)
large-scale data connectivity, integration, and validation capabilities, (ii) advanced predictive analytics and high-speed computing,
(iii) toolsets to translate resulting insights into real-world impact, and (iv) purpose-built data visualization and reporting. 

10 

CloudEz
Technology Platform 

 CloudEz
is an enterprise multi-cloud transformation and management platform that enables customers to manage their cloud infrastructure across
private, hybrid, and public cloud infrastructures from providers such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud. CloudEz offers cloud
services to highly regulated industries, including healthcare, Life Sciences, and pharma and biotech organizations, in their cloud transformation
journey. It leverages a library of infrastructure and application code developed in-house to deliver infrastructure services
that are secure and compliant. CloudEz also delivers an automated infrastructure compliance framework that facilitates our customers
in being continuously compliant with regulatory requirements. 

 Implementing
a secured cloud that requires continuous adherence of GxP / HIPAA compliance across a number of business units that individually span
over a number of different vendors is the biggest challenge across all regulatory specific industries, such as pharma and healthcare.
An automation framework that offers secure, continuous GxP / HIPAA compliance for pharmaceutical and healthcare businesses is required
for faster deployment of business applications. 

 CloudEz
platform has several security controls including identity access management, cloud security governance, data security, security
information event management, network and application security. 

11 

DataEz
technology platform 

 Managing
a data and data analytics platform is cumbersome with numerous moving components and current best practices that are prone to over-complication.
The implemented architecture of some competing solutions is typically not scalable or does not allow workload flexibility. Reengineering
such massive ecosystems is neither cost-effective nor practical for enterprises that want to focus on maintaining their market position.
Additionally, and more importantly, when enterprise IT teams want to build their Data Lakes, centralized repository that store data,
on the cloud, they must deal with overwhelming complexities from choosing the right cloud provider that addresses their needs
and ensures necessary government regulatory security and compliances are met to continuously managing a cost-effective infrastructure. 

 HTI
brings together large-scale datasets, expansive connectivity, robust technology infrastructure, and industry-leading subject matter expertise.
The capabilities of the HTI platforms enable both the efficient determination of highly meaningful insights and the reliable achievement
of meaningful impact in the quality and economics of healthcare. 

 DataEz
is a cloud-based data analytics and data science platform purpose-built for the data analytics and data science requirements of large
Life Sciences/pharmaceutical and healthcare provider organizations. This platform enables our healthcare customers to ingest, securely
analyze, and transform data from disparate sources to gain operational, financial, and clinical insights. DataEz is a fully secured and
compliant platform that meets the regulatory requirements and we offer this as a solution and Software as a Service (SaaS) subscription
model for Life Sciences and healthcare provider customers. 

 Combinations
of all proprietary technology toolsets are configured to quickly empower highly differentiated solutions for customer needs in a highly
scalable fashion. The flexibility of the platform s modular design enables customers to integrate the capabilities of the platform
with their own internal capabilities or other third-party solutions. The platforms bring to the marketplace a highly extensible, national-scale
capability to interconnect with the healthcare ecosystem on a massive scale. This enables healthcare organizations to aggregate and analyze
data in petabyte volumes, arrive at sophisticated insights in real-time, drive meaningful impact, and intuitively visualize data and
information to inform business strategy and execution. 

 DataEz
platform includes the advanced analytics capability for data scientists and analysts to rapidly spin up secure analytics workbenches.
Analytics workbench enables agile analytics, by providing capabilities of data discovery, model building, model management, model consumption,
visualization, and workflow management in an integrated platform to accelerate the data science life cycle using AI/ML algorithms as
well as data analytics at scale. 

 DataEz
Platform Architecture: 

 DataEz
platform architecture is composed of various stages of data pipeline management including ingestion, quarantine, pre-curated, data curated,
analytics/data warehouse, visualization/data warehouse and visualization/data science. 

12 

DataEz:
Data Lake Management, Analytics Data Science platform architecture diagram 

Readabl.AI 

 Despite
significant investments in electronic health records, paper-based unstructured data, such as faxes and clinical reports, remain the prevalent
methods to share information about patients as they navigate the continuum of care. This reality has been particularly obvious during
the COVID 19 pandemic. The NY Times recently highlighted that the fax machine continues to be a primary data communication tool in the
fight against the virus. 

 Healthcare
organizations demand an advanced automation solution to easily convert paper-based unstructured data into meaningful information for
patient care. Readabl.AI uses state-of-the-art public cloud artificial intelligence and machine learning to recognize and extract healthcare
information from documents, faxes, and narrative reports. Including Readabl.AI in customer organization s workflow improves patient
care and clinical efficiencies while maintaining security confidentiality. Readabl.AI ensures that the necessary health information
is available for patient care with reduced labor requirements and faster processing. 

13 

Readabl.AI
is offered as a solution on public cloud marketplaces such as Google Cloud marketplace and is commercially available on a Software-as-a-Service
(SaaS) subscription model. 

 Cloud
IT Services 

 Cloud
IT is a service offering that we provide that incorporates several of our existing technological platforms. Below are several of the
benefits of our Cloud IT service: 

1. 
 Multi-Cloud
 Advisory: Our certified public cloud architects and engineers are highly experienced and successful in providing end-to-end cloud
 advisory and deployment services. Our expert team of cloud certified professionals develops and deploys complex applications onto
 public, private, and hybrid clouds. In addition, we have a proven track record of migrating various IT infrastructures into cloud
 technologies, enabling healthcare organizations to attain their business goals. We help our customers analyze and identify suitable
 cloud options for their IT enterprise by clearly defining strategies of the cloud and the roadmap for its transformation. Our experts
 create secure, scalable, innovative, and robust cloud solutions that address the requirements of healthcare organizations by performing
 a detailed evaluation of technical compatibility and business objectives. 

2. 
 DevOps
 as a Service: Cloud DevOps, often also referred to as DevSecOps given the criticality of security of the cloud, is the IT methodology
 through which enterprises migrate and manage their platforms and solutions in a continuous fashion on the cloud. healthcare enterprise
 IT leadership can rely on HTI s turnkey managed services, strategic advisory services, proven methodology, automation capabilities,
 and expertise to steadily migrate their IT assets to the cloud. 

3. 
 Cloud
 Security Operations Centre (SOC): CloudEz comes with advanced AI/ML-enabled alerts and monitoring services over and across the
 enterprise cloud environment. By implementing automated BOTs, our operations centre ensures our clients have a de-risked cloud environment
 by ensuring continuous security and regulatory compliance. 

4. 
 Healthcare
 Cloud Backup and Disaster Recovery (BU/DR): Our cloud disaster recovery solution is a fully managed infrastructure solution that
 enables hospitals to host their DR instances on public cloud platforms such as AWS. Our solution specifically serves the MEDITECH
 market today. MEDITECH BU/DR solution will soon be available on AWS marketplace for healthcare customers. 

14 

Healthcare
IT Services: 

 Healthcare
IT is a separate service we provide primarily to hospitals and healthcare centres. Our healthcare IT services are utilized by 100+ hospitals
across the US. These services include EHR implementation and optimization, managed services, interoperability, data assessments and tools,
and clinical and training consulting to improve clinical outcomes and the patient experience. 

EHR
 Implementation and Optimization: HTI is among one of the few MEDITECH READY-certified implementation partners for MEDITECH, a
 leading EHR system vendor. This READY certification from MEDITECH enables HTI to provide hospital clients with their EHR implementations.
 We have worked with hundreds of MEDITECH customers and successfully implemented and optimized the MEDITECH platform. Additionally,
 HTI is one of 15 partners (out of 200 total firms tracked by Epic Systems, Inc., a leading EHR system vendor) that works with Epic
 on a regular basis to discuss synergies and client performances. Our implementation solution set specifically addresses mergers and
 acquisitions as well as community technology extensions. We have successfully enabled over 600 community physicians in over 100 locations
 through our community technology deployment services. 

EHR
 Managed Services: Our end-to-end EHR managed services cover hospital-wide IT support including Tier 2/Tier 3 support, technical
 support, report writing, on-demand application support, Community Connect, and acquisition services. HTI addresses healthcare organizations 
 growing frustrations, inefficiencies, and high provider turnover in the healthcare communities through training and support to prevent
 loss of additional clinical resources, downturns in patient service volume, and loss of significant revenue. HTI s Epic team
 offers a monthly support plan that provides comprehensive flexibility. It gives flex support for clients, allowing
 for the division of necessary work hours across different Epic resources and applications. Since the pandemic started, more hospitals
 and health systems are slowly making the transition to cloud platforms to host their EHRs and information systems to offer real-time
 data insights and more storage solutions. HTI sees this as an opportunity to provide EHR-as-a-service capabilities in real-time for
 hospitals on public cloud platforms. 

Interoperability
 Assessments and Services: HTI is recognized as one of the top eight partners of the Google Cloud Healthcare Interoperability
 Readiness Program. Our services enable health systems to understand their readiness to meet CURES act requirements and develop and
 execute a roadmap across technology platforms utilizing HL7 s (Health Level Seven International provides standards and solutions
 to empower global health data interoperability) and FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standards. 

Data
 Assessment and Toolsets: healthcare clients also approach us to build two-way data applications for quick and seamless communication
 with patients and to perform predictive analytics based on prior outcomes and readings from monitoring devices. We offer self-cataloguing
 data lakes and automated data quality check solutions. These cutting-edge solutions consist of a public cloud-based data lake where
 the data from various devices and sensors are ingested and stored through automated provisioning, and a scalable dashboard that is
 capable of monitoring hundreds of thousands of patients at a time based on the cloud-stored data. 

Clinical
 and Training Consulting: HTI also provides clinical and operational consultants to healthcare organizations to support the improvement
 of their business, clinical, and patient outcomes and experience. 

15 

Corporate Information 

 Our principal executive office is located at 7901 Stoneridge Drive, Suite220,
Pleasanton, CA 94588. Our telephone number is (925) 270-4812. Our website address is https://www.healthcaretriangle.com/. The information
on our website or that may be accessed by links on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. We make available,
free of charge and through our website, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K,
and any amendments to any such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

 Investing
in our common stock is highly speculative and involves a significant degree of risk. Before you invest in our securities, you should
give careful consideration to the following risk factors, in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, including our financial statements and related notes, before deciding whether to invest in our securities. The occurrence of any
of the adverse developments described in the following risk factors could materially and adversely harm our business, financial condition,
results of operations or prospects. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of
your investment. 

 Risks
Related to Our Company 

 Competition
with companies that have greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than we have could result in a loss of clients and/or
a lowering of prices for our products, causing a decrease in our revenues and/or market share. 

 There
are a number of companies that are our principal and secondary competitors and offer products and systems that are comparable to our
solutions and address the markets we serve. The principal competitive factors in our markets include product features, performance, and
support, product scalability and flexibility, ease of deployment and use, the total cost of ownership, and time to value. Some of our
current and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical,
marketing, or other resources, a stronger brand and business user recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, and broader global
distribution and presence. Further, competitors may be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price
than we can by integrating or bundling their software products with their other product offerings. In addition, our industry is evolving
rapidly and is becoming increasingly competitive. Larger and more established companies may focus on creating a learning system or solutions
that could directly compete with one or more of our offerings. If companies move a greater proportion of their data and computational
needs to the cloud, new competitors may emerge which offer services comparable to ours or that are better suited for cloud-based data,
and the demand for one or more of our offerings may decrease. Smaller companies could also launch new products and services that we do
not offer and that could gain market acceptance quickly. We may also face competition from providers of cloud management systems and
database systems, and other segment-specific applications. Any of these companies, as well as other technology or healthcare companies,
could decide at any time to specifically target hospitals and Life Sciences companies within our target market. A number of existing
and potential competitors are more established than we are and have greater name recognition and financial, technical, and marketing
resources. Products of our competitors may have better performance, lower prices, and broader market acceptance than our products. We
expect increased competition that could cause us to lose clients, lower our prices to remain competitive, and, consequently, experience
lower revenues, revenue growth, and profit margins, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business
prospects. 

 We
are dependent on the continued availability of third-party hosting and transmission services. Loss of contractual relationship with operational
issues with, or changes to the costs of, our third-party data center providers could harm our business, reputation, or results of operations. 

 We
currently serve the majority of our platform functions from third-party data center hosting facilities operated by Amazon Web Services,
Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure Cloud, and we primarily use shared servers in such facilities. We are dependent on these third parties
to provide continuous power, cooling, Internet connectivity, and physical and technological security for our servers, and our operations
depend, in part, on their ability to protect these facilities against any damage or interruption from natural disasters, such as earthquakes
and hurricanes, power or telecommunication failures, criminal acts, and similar events. In the event that any of our third-party facilities
arrangements is terminated, or if there is a lapse of service or damage to a facility, we could experience interruptions in our platforms
as well as delays and additional expenses in arranging new facilities and services. 

16 

Any
damage to, or failure of, the systems of our third-party providers could result in interruptions to our platforms. Despite precautions
taken at our data centers, the occurrence of spikes in usage volume, a natural disaster, such as earthquakes or hurricane, an act of
terrorism, vandalism or sabotage, a decision to close a facility without adequate notice, or other unanticipated problems at a facility
could result in lengthy interruptions in the availability of our platform. Even with current and planned disaster recovery arrangements,
our business could be harmed. Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for
any losses that we may incur. These factors in turn could further reduce our revenue, subject us to liability and cause us to issue credits,
or cause customers to stop using our platforms, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

 Our
Parent s control could prevent us from obtaining essential services at lower rates and if our Parent ceases to provide us with
services our business could suffer. 

 Our
Parent provides us with essential services, including software development, infrastructure development, sales support, recruitment and
immigration support, project coordination, human resources and operation support and management/advisory services. Although we pay our
Parent for these services at what we believe are market rates and were negotiated in good faith on an arms-length basis, if we became
aware in the future of third parties that could provide such services on terms more favorable than the Parent, our Parent s control
over our Board and our Company could prevent us from obtaining these services on more favorable terms from such third parties or renegotiating
the terms with our Parent. Also, if the Parent was no longer able to provide us these services, we may be forced to obtain them from
third parties on terms that are less favorable. If we are prevented by the Parent in the future from paying third parties less for services
currently provided by the Parent or if the Parent is unable to provide us services it now provides, such events could have a material
adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

 As
a controlled company under the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, we may choose to exempt our Company from certain corporate governance
requirements that could have an adverse effect on our public stockholders. 

 Under
Rule 4350(c) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or
another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including
the requirement that a majority of our directors be independent, as defined in Nasdaq rules and the requirement that our compensation
and nominating and corporate governance committees consist entirely of independent directors. Although we do not intend to rely on the
 controlled company exemption under Nasdaq rules, we could elect to rely on this exemption in the future. If we elect to
rely on the controlled company exemption, a majority of the members of our Board might not be independent directors and
our nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees might not consist entirely of independent directors. Accordingly,
during any time while we remain a controlled company relying on the exemption and during any transition period following a time when
we are no longer a controlled company, you would not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject
to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Our status as a controlled company could cause our common stock to look less
attractive to certain investors or otherwise harm our trading price. 

 A
significant inadvertent disclosure or breach of confidential and/or personal information we hold, or of the security of our or our customers ,
suppliers , or other partners computer systems could be detrimental to our business, reputation, and results of operations. 

 Our
business requires the storage, transmission, and utilization of data, including healthcare information, patient s information,
personal information, and other information that must be maintained on a confidential basis. These activities have made, and may in the
future make, our clients and our products a target of cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to the data contained
on our platforms. As a result of the types and volume of personal data on our systems, we believe that healthcare companies may be a
target for such breaches and attacks. 

 In
recent years, the frequency, severity, and sophistication of cyber-attacks, computer malware, viruses, social engineering, and other
intentional misconduct by computer hackers have significantly increased, and government agencies and security experts have warned about
the growing risks of hackers, cybercriminals, and other potential attackers targeting information technology systems. Such third parties
could attempt to gain entry into our systems for the purpose of stealing data or disrupting the systems. In addition, our security measures
may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance, system errors, or vulnerabilities, including vulnerabilities of our vendors,
suppliers, their products, or otherwise. Third parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing
sensitive information such as user names, passwords, or other information to gain access to the data contained on our platforms, including
patient information. 

17 

While
we and our third-party cloud providers have implemented security measures designed to protect against security breaches, these measures
could fail or may be insufficient, particularly as techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to systems change frequently
and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, resulting in the unauthorized disclosure, modification, misuse, destruction,
or loss of our or our customers data or other sensitive information. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and
improper access to or disclosure of the data we maintain, including personal information, could result in litigation, indemnity obligations,
regulatory enforcement actions, investigations, fines, penalties, mitigation and remediation costs, disputes, reputational harm, diversion
of management s attention, and other liabilities and damage to our business. 

 We
cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, the discovery of new vulnerabilities in our systems, and attempts to exploit
those vulnerabilities, physical system or facility break-ins and data thefts or other developments will not compromise or breach the
technology protecting our systems and the information we possess. 

 We
may incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating cyber-attacks. Any security breach could result in operational disruptions
that impair our ability to meet our customers requirements, which could result in decreased revenue. Also, whether there is an
actual or a perceived breach of our security, our reputation could suffer irreparable harm, causing our current and prospective customers
to reject our products and services in the future, deterring data suppliers from supplying us data or customers from using our services,
or changing consumer behavior adversely affecting our technology s market coverage. Further, we could be forced to expend significant
resources in response to a security breach, including those expended in notifying individuals and providing mitigating services, repairing
system damage, increasing cybersecurity protection costs by deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, and litigating
and resolving legal claims or governmental inquiries and investigations, all of which could divert the attention of our management and
key personnel away from our business operations. 

 Finally,
while we provide guidance and specific requirements in some cases, we do not directly control any of our clients cybersecurity
operations, or the amount of investment they place in guarding against cybersecurity threats. Accordingly, we are subject to any flaws
in or breaches of their systems, which could materially impact our business, operating results, and financial results. 

 An
inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business. 

 To
execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified employees skilled in both software engineering and healthcare industry
regulations. Competition for these employees is intense, especially with respect to software engineers with high levels of experience
in cloud-related services. COVID-19 pandemic catalyzed the demand for such professional s savvy in the healthcare industry as well.
We have, from time to time, experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the
appropriate level of qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than
we have and may offer compensation packages that are perceived to be better than ours. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure
may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or cause difficulty in the recruiting process. If we fail to attract
new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 

 Defects
or disruptions in our cloud software solutions could result in diminished demand for our platforms and services, a reduction in our revenues,
and subject us to substantial liability. 

 We
have from time to time found defects in our solutions, and new defects may be detected in the future. In addition, we have experienced,
and may in the future experience, service disruptions, degradations, outages, and other performance problems. These types of problems
may be caused by a variety of factors, including human or software errors, viruses, cyber-attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage, problems
associated with our third-party computing infrastructure and network providers, infrastructure changes, and denial of service issues.
Service disruptions may result from errors we make in delivering, configuring, or hosting our solutions, or designing, installing, expanding,
or maintaining our platform s computing infrastructure. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of
these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It is also possible that such problems could result in losses of data. 

18 

Since
our customers use our platforms and services for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions, service degradations,
or other performance problems with our solutions could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers businesses. If that occurs,
our customers may delay or withhold payment to us, cancel their agreements with us, elect not to renew, or make service credit claims,
warranty claims, or other claims against us, and we could lose future sales. The occurrence of any of these events could result in diminishing
demand for our solutions, a reduction of our revenues, an increase in our bad debt expense or in collection cycles for accounts receivable,
or could require us to incur the expense of litigation or substantial liability. 

 We
have experienced rapid growth, and if we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan. 

 Since
we were founded, we have experienced rapid growth and expansion of our operations. Our revenues, customer count, product and service
offerings, countries of operation, facilities, and computing infrastructure needs have all increased significantly, and we expect them
to increase in the future. We have also experienced rapid growth in our employee base. As we continue to grow, both organically and through
acquisitions, we must effectively integrate, develop, and motivate an increasing number of employees (an increasing portion of whom are
expected to work remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic), while executing our growth plan and maintaining the beneficial aspects of our
culture. Any failure to preserve our culture could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to attract and retain
highly qualified employees and to achieve our business objectives. 

 Our
rapid growth has placed, and will continue to place, a significant strain on our management capabilities, administrative and operational
infrastructure, facilities, IT, and other resources. We anticipate that additional investments in our facilities and computing infrastructure
will be required to scale our operations. To effectively manage growth, we must continue to: improve our key business applications, processes,
and computing infrastructure; enhance information and communication systems; and ensure that our policies and procedures evolve to reflect
our current operations and are appropriately communicated to and observed by employees (an increasing portion of whom are working and
are expected to work remotely). These enhancements and improvements will require additional investments and allocation of valuable management
and employee time and resources. Failure to effectively manage growth could result in difficulty or delays in deploying our solutions,
declines in quality or customer satisfaction, increases in costs, difficulties in introducing new features, or other operational difficulties,
and any of these difficulties could adversely impact our business performance and results of operations. 

 Recent Changes in our senior
management team or change in other key personnel could have a negative effect on our ability to execute our business strategy. 

 Our success depends in a large
part upon the continued service of our senior management team or other key personnel. Recently, our founder and former Chief Executive
Officer, Suresh Venkatachari, was suspended from his roles as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and he subsequently resigned from
our board of directors and will likely not return as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Currently, our management team is led
by our Chief Operating Officer, Roy Sookhoo who was appointed on January 5, 2023. Additionally, in December of 2022, three of our independent
directors resigned and were replaced by three new independent directors in January 2023. The success of our new board of directors and
Mr. Sookhoo in leading our management team is critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products, and technology. We do not
maintain key-man insurance for Mr. Sookhoo or any other member of our senior management team. Any leadership transitions can be inherently
difficult to manage, and an unsuccessful transition may cause disruption to our business. In addition, change in the senior management
team may create uncertainty among investors concerning our future direction and performance. Any disruption in our operations or uncertainty
around our ability to execute could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

 We
may be unable to successfully introduce new products or services or fail to keep pace with advances in technology. 

 The
successful implementation of our business model depends on our ability to adapt to evolving technologies and increasingly aggressive
industry standards and introduce new products and services accordingly. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to introduce
new products on schedule, or at all, or that such products will achieve market acceptance. Moreover, competitors may develop competitive
products that could adversely affect our operating results. Any failure by us to introduce planned products or other new products or
to introduce these products on schedule could have an adverse effect on our revenue growth and operating results. 

19 

If
we cannot adapt to changing technologies, our products and services may become obsolete and our business could suffer. Because the markets
in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological change, we may be unable to anticipate changes in our current and potential
clients or users requirements that could make our existing technology obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our
ability to continue to enhance our existing products and services, develop new technology that addresses the increasingly sophisticated
and varied needs of our prospective clients and users, license leading technologies and respond to technological advances and emerging
industry standards and practices, all on a timely and cost-effective basis. The development of our proprietary technology entails significant
technical and business risks. We may not be successful in using new technologies effectively or adapting our proprietary technology to
evolving client or user requirements or emerging industry standards. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely impact our business,
financial condition, and operating results. 

 Our
business depends in part on our ability to establish and maintain additional strategic relationships. 

 To
be successful, we must continue to maintain our existing strategic relationships and establish additional strategic relationships with
leaders in a number of the markets in which we operate. This is critical to our success because we believe that these relationships contribute
towards our ability to: 

extend
 the reach of our products and services to a larger number of participants in the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry; 

develop
 and deploy new products and services; 

further
 enhance our brand; and 

generate
 additional revenue and cash flows. 

Entering
into strategic relationships is complicated because strategic partners may decide to compete with us in some or all of the markets in
which we operate. In addition, we may not be able to maintain or establish relationships with key participants in the healthcare and
Life Sciences industries if we conduct business with their competitors. 

 We
depend, in part, on our strategic partners ability to generate increased acceptance and use of our products and services. If we
lose any of these strategic relationships or fail to establish additional relationships, or if our strategic relationships fail to benefit
us as expected, this could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

 Our
sales cycle can be lengthy and unpredictable, which may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate significantly. 

 Our
sales cycle can be lengthy and unpredictable. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our offerings
and solutions, including the technical capabilities of our solutions and the potential cost savings and productivity gains achievable
by deploying them. Additionally, many of our potential clients are typically already in long-term contracts with their current providers
and face significant costs associated with transitioning to our offerings and solutions. As a result, potential customers typically undertake
a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our software platforms and component systems infrastructure and
platforms but also their existing capabilities and solutions and can result in a lengthy sales cycle. We spend substantial time, effort,
and money on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, purchases of our platform
as a service infrastructure are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals, and unplanned administrative, processing,
and other delays. Many of our potential hospital clients have used all or a significant portion of their revenues to comply with federal
mandates to adopt electronic medical records to maintain their Medicaid and Medicare reimbursement levels. In the event we are unable
to manage our lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle, our business may be adversely affected. 

20 

Our
revenues have historically been concentrated among our top customers, and the loss of any of these customers could reduce our revenues
and adversely impact our operating results. 

 Historically,
our revenue has been concentrated among a small number of customers. In the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our top customer and
our top five customers accounted for 39 and 73 of our revenue, respectively. As a result, the loss of one or more of these customers
could materially reduce our revenue, harm our results of operations, and limit our growth. 

 Risks
Related to Our Intellectual Property and Our Platforms and Services 

 Protection
of certain intellectual property may be difficult and costly, and our inability to protect our intellectual property could reduce the
value of our products and services. 

 Our
trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets to us. Various events outside of our
control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For instance, any
of our current or future intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. 

 We
have taken efforts to protect our proprietary rights, including a combination of license agreements, confidentiality policies and procedures,
confidentiality provisions in employment agreements, confidentiality agreements with third parties, and technical security measures,
as well as our reliance on copyright, trademark, trade secret, and unfair competition laws. These efforts may not be sufficient or effective.
For example, the secrecy of our trade secrets or other confidential information could be compromised by our employees or by third parties,
which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from those trade secrets or confidential information. Unauthorized third
parties may try to copy or reverse engineer portions of our products or otherwise infringe upon, misappropriate or use our intellectual
property. We may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. We may also conclude
that, in some instances, the benefits of protecting our intellectual property rights may be outweighed by the expense. 

 In
addition, our platforms incorporate open source software components that are licensed to us under various public domain
licenses. Open-source license terms are often ambiguous, and there is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of many
of the terms of certain of these licenses. Therefore, the potential impact of such terms on our business is somewhat unknown. Further,
some enterprises may be reluctant or unwilling to use cloud-based services, because they have concerns regarding the risks associated
with the security and reliability, among other things, of the technology delivery model associated with these services. If enterprises
do not perceive the benefits of our services, then the market for these services may not expand as much or develop as quickly as we expect,
either of which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. 

21 

Legal
standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain and still evolving.
The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and effective
intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed. 

 Any
impairment of our intellectual property rights, or our failure to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, could give our
competitors access to our technology and could materially and adversely impact our business and operating results. Any increase in the
unauthorized use of our intellectual property could also divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel and resulting in
significant additional expense to us, which could materially and adversely impact our operating results. 

 Finally,
in order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these
rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to
management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our
intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our
intellectual property rights. Negative publicity related to a decision by us to initiate such enforcement actions against a customer
or former customer, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely impact our other customer relationships or prospective customer relationships,
harm our brand and business, and could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce
our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and our business. 

 We
may be liable for infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

 Our
competitors may develop similar intellectual property, duplicate our products and/or services, or design around any patents or other
intellectual property rights we hold. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity
and scope of the patents, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights of third parties, which could be time-consuming and costly
and have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Intellectual property infringement claims could be made against us
and our ecosystem partners, especially as the number of our competitors grows. These claims, even if not meritorious, could be expensive
and divert our attention from operating our company and result in a temporary inability to use the intellectual property subject to such
claim. In addition, if we, our ecosystem partners, and/or customers become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual
property rights, we could be required to pay a substantial damage award and develop comparable non-infringing intellectual property,
to obtain a license, or to cease providing the content or services that contain the infringing intellectual property. We may be unable
to develop a non-infringing intellectual property or obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

 We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

 Third
parties may attempt to commercialize competitive products or services in foreign countries where we do not have a trademark or copyright
registration or where legal recourse may be limited. This may have a significant commercial impact on our foreign business operations
which we expect to expand. 

 Registration
and enforcement of intellectual property rights to our platforms and services in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United
States. The requirements for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. For example, Europe has
a heightened requirement for patentability of software inventions. Thus, even in countries where we do pursue patent protection, there
can be no assurance that any patents will issue with claims that cover our products. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries
do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as laws in the United States and in some cases may even force us to grant
a compulsory license to competitors or other third parties. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing
our inventions in all countries outside the United States or from selling or importing products concerning our healthcare technology
into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent
protection to develop their own products and services and further, may export otherwise infringing products and services to territories
where we have patent protection, but enforcement on infringing activities is inadequate. These products or services may compete with
ours, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 

22 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The
legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products
in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial
costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or
interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us.
We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful.
In addition, certain countries in Europe and certain developing countries, including India and China, have compulsory licensing laws
under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if our
patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a license to our patents to a third party, which could materially diminish the
value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property
rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we own or
license. Finally, our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be adversely affected by unforeseen changes
in foreign intellectual property laws. 

 Our
use of third-party open-source software could negatively affect our ability to offer our products and services through our platforms
and subject us to possible litigation. 

 We
have incorporated, and may in the future incorporate, third-party open-source software in our technologies. Open-source software is generally
licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses. From time to time, companies that use third-party open-source
software have faced claims challenging the use of such open-source software and requesting compliance with the open-source software license
terms. Accordingly, we may be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open-source software or claiming
non-compliance with the applicable open-source licensing terms. Some open-source software licenses require end-users who use, distribute
or make available across a network software and services that include open-source software to offer to the public aspects of the technology
that incorporates the open-source software for no cost, make publicly available source code (which in some circumstances could include
valuable proprietary code) for modifications or derivative works created based upon incorporating or using the open-source software and/or
to license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. If we combine our proprietary
software with open-source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open-source licenses, be required to release or license
the source code of our proprietary software to the public. Additionally, if a third-party software provider has incorporated open-source
software into software that we license from such provider, we could be required to disclose any of our source code that incorporates
or is a modification of our licensed software. While we use tools designed to help us monitor and comply with the licenses of third-party
open-source software and protect our valuable proprietary source code, we may inadvertently use third-party open-source software in a
manner that exposes us to claims of non-compliance with the terms of their licenses, including claims of intellectual property rights
infringement or for breach of contract. Furthermore, there exists today an increasing number of types of open-source software licenses,
almost none of which have been tested in courts of law to provide guidance of their proper legal interpretations, and there is a risk
that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open-source
software. If we were to receive a claim of non-compliance with the terms of any of these open-source licenses, we may be required to
publicly release certain portions of our proprietary source code, expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some of our software,
or pay damages, settlement fees or a royalty to use certain open-source software. Any of the foregoing could disrupt and harm our business. 

 In
addition, the use of third-party open-source software typically exposes us to greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software
because open-source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, controls, indemnification, or other contractual protections
regarding the functionality or origin of the software. Use of open-source software may also present additional security risks because
the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to compromise our platform.
Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects and could help our competitors
develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. 

23 

Any
failure to protect our intellectual property that is not registered could impair our business. 

 Although
we rely on copyright laws to protect the works of authorship (including software) created by us, we do not register the copyrights in
any of our copyrightable works. Copyrights of U.S. origin must be registered before the copyright owner may bring an infringement suit
in the United States. Furthermore, if a copyright of U.S. origin is not registered within three months of publication of the underlying
work, the copyright owner may be precluded from seeking statutory damages or attorney s fees in any United States enforcement action,
and may be limited to seeking actual damages and lost profits. Accordingly, if one of our unregistered copyrights of U.S. origin is infringed
by a third party, we will need to register the copyright before we can file an infringement suit in the United States, and our remedies
in any such infringement suit may be limited. 

 We
are subject to numerous privacy and data security laws and related contractual requirements and our failure to comply with those obligations
could cause us significant harm. 

 In
the normal course of our business, we collect, process, use and disclose information about individuals, including protected health information
and other patient data, as well as information relating to health professionals and our employees. The collection, processing, use, disclosure,
disposal, and protection of such information is highly regulated both in the United States and other jurisdictions, including but not
limited to, under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH; U.S. state privacy, security, and breach notification and healthcare information laws;
the European Union s GDPR; and other European privacy laws as well as privacy laws being adopted in other regions around the world.
These laws and regulations are complex and their interpretation is rapidly evolving, making implementation and enforcement, and thus
compliance requirements, ambiguous, uncertain, and potentially inconsistent. In addition, our collection, processing, use, disclosure,
and protection of information are subject to related contractual requirements. Compliance with such laws and related contractual requirements
may require changes to our collection, use, transfer, disclosure, or other processing of information about individuals, and may thereby
increase compliance costs. Failure to comply with such laws and/or related contractual obligations could result in regulatory enforcement
or claims against us for breach of contract, or may lead third parties to terminate their contracts with us and/or choose not to work
with us in the future. Should this occur, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 These
regulations often govern the use, handling, and disclosure of information about individuals, including medical information, and require
the use of standard contracts, privacy and security standards, and other administrative simplification provisions. In relation to HIPAA,
we do not consider our service offerings to generally cause us to be subject as a covered entity; however, in certain circumstances,
we are subject to HIPAA as a business associate and may enter into business associate agreements. 

 Additionally,
the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting existing federal and state consumer
protection laws to impose evolving standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of information about individuals,
including health-related information. Courts may also adopt the standards for fair information practices promulgated by the FTC, which
concern consumer notice, choice, security, and access. Consumer protection laws require us to publish statements that describe how we
handle information about individuals and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their information. If such information
that we publish is considered untrue, we may be subject to government claims of unfair or deceptive trade practices, which could lead
to significant liabilities and consequences. Furthermore, according to the FTC violating consumers privacy rights or failing to
take appropriate steps to keep information about consumers secure may constitute unfair acts or practices in or affecting commerce in
violation of Section 5(a) of the FTC Act. 

24 

In
addition, certain states have adopted robust privacy and security laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations will be subject to
interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thus creating potentially complex compliance issues for us and our
future customers and strategic partners. For example, the CCPA, which took effect in 2020, imposes obligations and restrictions on businesses
regarding their collection, use, and sharing of personal information and provides new and enhanced data privacy rights to California
residents, such as affording them the right to access and delete their personal information and to opt-out of certain sharing of personal
information. Protected health information that is subject to HIPAA is excluded from the CCPA, however, the information we hold about
individuals that is not subject to HIPAA would be subject to the CCPA. It is unclear how HIPAA and the other exceptions may be applied
under the CCPA. The CCPA may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. Many similar privacy laws have been proposed at the
federal level and in other states. 

 The
GDPR became enforceable on May 25, 2018. The GDPR regulates our processing of personal data, and imposes stringent requirements. The
GDPR includes sanctions for violations up to the greater of 20 million or 4.0 of worldwide gross annual revenue and applies to
services providers such as us. In addition, from the beginning of 2021(when the transitional period following Brexit expires), we will
have to comply with the GDPR and also the UK GDPR, with each regime having the ability to fine up to the greater of 20 million 17 million) or 4 of global turnover. The relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union in relation to certain
aspects of data protection law remains unclear, for example how data transfers between EU member states and the United Kingdom will be
treated and the role of the Information Commissioner s Office following the end of the transitional period. These changes will
lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. 

 Recent
legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from the EEA to the United
States, e.g. , on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU invalidated the EU-US Privacy
Shield Framework Privacy Shield under which personal data could be transferred from the EEA to U.S. entities who had
self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard form
of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism, and a potential alternative to the Privacy
Shield), it made clear that reliance on them alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances; this has created uncertainty.
At the moment we have not implemented any Privacy Shield procedures or certifications. We also currently rely on the standard contractual
clauses to transfer personal data outside the EEA, including to the United States. It may subject us to a lawsuit of a European Union
citizen, if we inadvertently process their personally-identifiable information. 

 The
United States, the European Union, and other jurisdictions where we operate continue to issue new and enhance existing, privacy and data
security protection regulations related to the collection, use, disclosure, disposal, and protection of information about individuals,
including medical information. Privacy and data security laws are rapidly evolving both in the United States and internationally, and
the future interpretation of those laws is somewhat uncertain. E.g. , we do not know how E.U. regulators will interpret or enforce
many aspects of the GDPR and some regulators may do so in an inconsistent manner. In the United States, privacy and data security is
an area of emphasis for some but not all state regulators, and new legislation has been and likely will continue to be introduced at
the state and/or federal level. For instance, there is a new act on the ballot in California, the California Privacy Rights Act, which
may go into effect in 2023. Additional legislation or regulation might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures
and processes or bring within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other information about individuals, each of which
may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. 

 Risks
Related to Our Industry 

 Markets
for our products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and we may be unable to compete effectively
in these markets. 

 The
market for healthcare solutions is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapidly evolving technology, solution standards, and
users needs, and the frequent introduction of new products and services. There can be no assurance that we capture additional
opportunities in such rapidly evolving markets. Some of our competitors may be more established, benefit from greater name, recognition
and have substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources than us. Moreover, we expect that competition will continue
to increase as a result of potential incentives provided by government programs and as a result of consolidation in both the IT and healthcare
industries. If one or more of our competitors or potential competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the
change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 

25 

We
compete on the basis of several factors, including: 

breadth
 and depth of services, including our open architecture and the level of product integration across care settings; 

integrated
 platform; 

regulatory
 compliance; 

reputation; 

reliability,
 accuracy, and security; 

client
 service; 

the
 total cost of ownership; 

innovation;
 and 

industry
 acceptance, expertise, and experience. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that the competitive pressures
that we face will not materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

 Increased
government involvement in healthcare could materially and adversely impact our business. 

 United
States healthcare system reform at both the federal and state level could increase government involvement in healthcare, reconfigure
reimbursement rates and otherwise change the business environment of our clients and the other entities with which we have a business
relationship. We cannot predict whether or when future healthcare reform initiatives at the federal or state level or other initiatives
affecting our business will be proposed, enacted, or implemented or what impact those initiatives may have on our business, financial
condition, or operating results. Our clients and the other entities with which we have a business relationship could react to these initiatives
and the uncertainty surrounding these proposals by curtailing or deferring investments, including those for our products and services. 

 Consolidation
in the healthcare industry could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

 Many
healthcare industry organizations are consolidating to create integrated healthcare delivery systems with greater market power. As provider
networks and managed care organizations consolidate, thus decreasing the number of market participants, the competition to provide products
and services like ours will become more intense, and the importance of establishing and maintaining relationships with key industry participants
will increase. These industry participants may try to use their market power to negotiate price reductions for our products and services.
Further, consolidation of management and billing services through integrated delivery systems may decrease demand for our products. Such
consolidation may also lead to integrated delivery systems requiring newly acquired physician practices to replace our products and services
with those already in use in the larger enterprise. Any of these factors could materially and adversely impact our business, financial
condition, and operating results. 

26 

We
are subject to numerous regulatory requirements of the healthcare industry and is susceptible to a changing regulatory environment. 

 As
a participant in the healthcare industry, our operations and relationships, and those of our clients, are regulated by a number of foreign,
federal, state, and local governmental entities. The impact of such regulations on us, our products, and our services can be both direct
and indirect. The direct impact is present to the extent we are ourselves subject to the pertinent laws and regulations. The indirect
effect of such regulations can be experienced both in terms of the level of government reimbursement available to our clients and to
the extent, our products must be capable of being used by our clients in a manner compliant with applicable laws and regulations. Furthermore,
our efforts to expand into new markets internationally may subject us to numerous additional laws and regulations that may be potentially
burdensome in compliance. 

 The
ability of our clients to comply with laws and regulations while using our software platforms and solutions could affect the marketability
of our products or our compliance with our client contracts, or even expose us to direct liability under the theory that we had assisted
our clients in a violation of healthcare laws or regulations. Because our business relationships with doctors, hospitals, and Life Sciences
clients are unique and the healthcare IT industry as a whole is to a certain extent, in its incipient stage, the application of many
state and federal regulations to our business operations and to our clients may be uncertain. 

 Additionally,
a tendency to impose additional regulation in the U.S. federal and state privacy and security laws (such as CCPA); fraud and abuse laws,
including anti-kickback laws and limitations on physician referrals; numerous quality measurement programs being adopted by our clients;
and laws related to distribution and marketing, including the off-label promotion of prescription drugs, which may be directly or indirectly
applicable to our operations and relationships or the business practices of our clients. It is possible that a review of our business
practices or those of our clients by courts or regulatory authorities could result in a determination that could adversely affect us. 

 In
addition, the healthcare regulatory environment may change in a way that restricts our existing operations or our growth. The healthcare
industry generally and the EHR industry specifically are expected to continue to undergo significant legal and regulatory changes for
the foreseeable future, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. We cannot predict
the effect of possible future enforcement, legislation, and regulation. 

 We
may be directly and indirectly liable for its client s non-compliance with laws and regulations addressing Electronic Health Records . 

 A
number of relevant federal and state laws govern the use and content of EHRs, including fraud and abuse laws that may affect the approach
to our technological solutions. We provide solutions and expert services in connection with EHR to a variety of healthcare providers.
As a result, our platforms and services have to be designed in a manner that facilitates our clients compliance with applicable
laws and regulations. We cannot predict the content or effect of possible changes to these laws or new federal and state laws that might
govern these systems and services. Furthermore, we may be required to obtain pertinent certifications or permissions to meet industry
standards that could adversely impact our business. 

 The
Company and its products are subject to laws and regulations concerning privacy, information security, data protection, consumer protection,
and protection of minors, and these laws and regulations are continually evolving. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these
laws and regulations could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, or prospects. 

 In
addition to healthcare-specific information protection requirements, we store sensitive information, including personal information about
our employees, and our platforms involve the storage and transmission of customers personal information on equipment, networks,
and corporate systems run by us or managed by third parties including Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft. We are subject
to a number of laws, rules, and regulations requiring us to provide notification to players, investors, regulators, and other affected
parties in the event of a security breach of certain personal data, or requiring the adoption of minimum information security standards
that are often vaguely defined and difficult to practically implement. The costs of compliance with these laws, including the European
Union s General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 CCPA ),
have increased and may increase in the future. Our corporate systems, third-party systems, and security measures may be breached due
to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, a combination of these, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized
party may obtain access to, or compromise the integrity of, our data, our employees data, our customers data or any third-party
data we may possess. Any such security breach could require us to comply with various breach notification laws, may affect our ability
to operate, and may expose us to litigation, remediation and investigation costs, increased costs for security measures, loss of revenue,
damage to our reputation, and potential liability, each of which could be material. 

27 

Various
government and consumer agencies have called for new regulation and changes in industry practices and are continuing to review the need
for greater regulation for the collection of information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet, including regulation aimed at
restricting certain targeted advertising practices. For example, the State of California s passage of the CCPA, which went into
effect on January 1, 2020, and created new privacy rights for consumers residing in the state. There is also increased attention being
given to the collection of data from minors. For instance, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act COPPA requires
companies to obtain parental consent before collecting personal information from children under the age of 13. Compliance with GDPR,
CCPA, COPPA, and similar legal requirements has required us to devote significant operational resources and incur significant expenses. 

 We
strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and certain industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and
data protection, to the extent reasonably attainable. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in
a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or our practices. It is also possible
that new laws, policies, legal obligations, or industry codes of conduct may be passed, or existing laws, policies, legal obligations,
or industry codes of conduct may be interpreted in such a way that could prevent us from being able to offer services to citizens of
a certain jurisdiction or may make it costlier or more difficult for us to do so. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with
our privacy policy and terms of service, our privacy-related obligations to players or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal
obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
or other player data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy
groups or others and could cause our players to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, reputation or prospects. Additionally, if third parties we work with, such as players, vendors, or developers
violate applicable laws or our policies, such violations may also put our clients and their patients information at risk
and could, in turn, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, or prospects. 

 The
Company and its products are subject to laws and regulations concerning healthcare provider s practices and patients information
protection. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business, financial condition, results
of operations, reputation, or prospects. 

 As
part of the operation of our business, we, and our subcontractors may have access to, or our clients may provide to us, individually
identifiable health information related to the treatment, payment, and operations of providers practices. In the United States,
government and industry legislation and rulemaking, especially HIPAA, HITECH, and standards and requirements published by industry groups
such as the Joint Commission require the use of standard transactions, standard identifiers, security other standards and requirements
for the transmission of certain electronic health information. National standards and procedures underripe include the Standards
for Electronic Transactions and Code Sets (the Transaction Standards the Security Standards (the
 Security Standards and the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information (the Privacy
Standards ). The Transaction Standards require the use of specified data coding, formatting, and content in all specified healthcare
Transactions conducted electronically. The Security Standards require the adoption of specified types of security measures for
certain electronic health information, which is called Protected Health Information PHI ). The Privacy Standards grant
a number of rights to individuals as to their PHI and restrict the use and disclosure of PHI by Covered Entities, defined
as health plans, healthcare providers, and healthcare clearinghouses. 

28 

Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with the aforementioned laws and regulations in connection with our products and services
provided to our clients or used by third parties, or our related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer protected information, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, class action, or
public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or prospects. 

 The
Company and its products are subject to laws and regulations concerning electronic prescribing standards and the adoption of controlled
substance electronic prescribing. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations, reputation, or prospects. 

 The
use of our software by physicians to perform a variety of functions, including electronic prescribing, which refers to the electronic
routing of prescriptions to pharmacies and the ensuing dispensation, is governed by state and federal law, including fraud and abuse
laws. States have differing prescription format requirements, which we have programmed into our software. There is significant variation
in the laws and regulations governing prescription activity, as federal law and the laws of many states permit the electronic transmission
of certain controlled prescription orders, while the laws of several states neither specifically permit nor specifically prohibit the
practice. Restrictions exist at the federal level on the use of electronic prescribing for controlled substances and certain other drugs,
including a regulation enacted by the Drug Enforcement Association in mid-2010. However, some states (most notably New York) have passed
complementary laws governing the use of electronic prescribing tools in the use of prescribing opioids and other controlled substances,
and we expect this to continue to be addressed with regulations in other states. In addition, the HHS published its final E-Prescribing
and the Prescription Drug Program regulations in 2005 (effective January 1, 2006), and final regulations governing the standards
for electronic prescribing under Medicare Part D in 2008 (effective June 6, 2008) (the ePrescribing Regulations ). These
regulations are required by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 MMA and consist
of detailed standards and requirements, in addition to the HIPAA Standard discussed above, for prescription and other information transmitted
electronically in connection with a drug benefit covered by the MMA s Prescription Drug Benefit. Further, in 2016, Congress passed
the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, which contained components related to Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs and other elements
that relate to the use of our technologies. These standards are detailed and broad, and cover not only routing transactions between prescribers
and pharmacies, but also electronic eligibility, formulary, and benefits inquiries. In general, regulations in this area can be burdensome
and evolve regularly, meaning that any potential benefits to our clients from utilizing such solutions and services may be superseded
by a newly-promulgated regulation that adversely affects our business model. Our efforts to provide solutions that enable our clients
to comply with these regulations could be time consuming and expensive. 

 Any
failure or perceived failure by us to comply with the aforementioned laws and regulations in connection with our products and services
provided to our clients or used by third parties, or our related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the
unauthorized release or transfer protected information, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, class action, or
public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others and could cause our clients to lose trust in us, which could have
an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, or prospects. 

 We
may be subject to liability as a result of a failure or a perceived failure to comply with laws and regulations governing approval and
reimbursement of claims by healthcare industry payers. 

 Our
software solutions allow to electronically transmits medical claims by physicians to patients payers for approval and reimbursement.
In addition, our services include assistance in cloud processing and submission of medical claims by physicians to patients payers
for approval and reimbursement. Federal law provides that it is both a civil and a criminal violation for any person to submit, or cause
to be submitted, a claim to any payer, including, without limitation, Medicare, Medicaid, and all private health plans and managed care
plans, seeking payment for any services or products that overbills or bills for items that have not been provided to the patient. We
have in place policies and procedures that we believe assure that all claims that are transmitted by our system and through our services
are accurate and complete, provided that the information given to us by our clients is also accurate and complete. If, however, we or
our subcontractors do not follow those procedures and policies, or they are not sufficient to prevent inaccurate claims from being submitted,
we could be subject to liability. 

29 

In
the event our software platforms and solutions are found to be subject to FDA s regulations and approval in connection with the
certain types of medical devices our software integrates with, we may have to incur additional costs or be subjected to potential criminal
and civil penalties in case of the actual or perceived failure of us to comply with such regulations. 

 Certain
computer software products are regulated as medical devices under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. The 21 st Century
Cures Act, passed in December 2016, clarified the definition of a medical device to exclude health information technology such as Electronic
Health Records; however, the legislation did leave the opportunity for that designation to be revisited if determined to be necessary
by changing industry and technological dynamics. Accordingly, the Food and Drug Administration (the FDA may become increasingly
active in regulating computer software intended for use in healthcare settings. Depending on the product, we could be required to notify
the FDA and demonstrate substantial equivalence to other products on the market before marketing such products or obtain FDA approval
by demonstrating safety and effectiveness before marketing a product. Depending on the intended use of a device, the FDA could require
us to obtain extensive data from clinical studies to demonstrate safety or effectiveness or substantial equivalence. If the FDA requires
this data, we could be required to obtain approval of an investigational device exemption before undertaking clinical trials. Clinical
trials can take extended periods of time to complete. We cannot provide assurances that the FDA would approve or clear a device after
the completion of such trials. In addition, these products would be subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act s general
controls. The FDA can impose extensive requirements governing pre- and post-market conditions such as approval, labeling, and manufacturing,
as well as governing product design controls and quality assurance processes. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can result in criminal
and civil fines and penalties, product seizure, injunction, and civil monetary policies each of which could have an adverse effect
on our business. 

 We
may have to incur material expenses in order to accommodate its client s interoperability requests dictated by interoperability
standards of exchange of health information. 

 Our
clients are concerned with and often require that our software solutions and health care devices be interoperable with other third-party
health care information technology suppliers. With the passing of the MACRA in 2015, the U.S. Congress declared it a national objective
to achieve widespread exchange of health information through interoperable certified EHR technology nationwide by December 31, 2018.
The 21st Century Cures Act, which was passed and signed into law in December 2016, includes numerous provisions intended to encourage
this nationwide interoperability. 

 In
February 2019, HHS s Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology ONC released a proposed
rule titled, 21st Century Cures Act: Interoperability, Information Blocking, and the ONC Health IT Certification Program. 
Following an extended public comment period, in March 2020 ONC released the final rule which implements the key interoperability provisions
included in the Cures Act. Specifically, it calls on developers of certified EHRs and health IT products to adopt standardized application
programming interfaces APIs ), which will help allow individuals to securely and easily access structured and unstructured
EHI formats using smartphones and other mobile devices. This provision and others included in the rule create a lengthy list of new certification
and maintenance of certification requirements that developers of EHRs and other health IT products have to meet in order to maintain
approved federal government certification status. Although our current products do not require such certification, they may be required
to be certified in future. Meeting and maintaining this certification status will require additional development costs. 

 The
ONC rule also implements the information blocking provisions of the 21st Century Cures Act, including identifying reasonable and necessary
activities that do not constitute information blocking. Under the 21st Century Cures Act, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS has the regulatory authority to investigate and assess civil monetary penalties of up to 1,000,000 against certified
health IT developers found to be in violation of information blocking. This new oversight and authority to investigate
claims of information blocking creates significant risks for us and our clients and could potentially create substantial new compliance
costs. 

 Other
regulatory provisions included in the ONC Cures Act final rule could create compliance costs and/or regulatory risks for us. Because
these regulations are subject to future changes and/or significant enforcement discretion by federal agencies, the ultimate impact of
these regulations is unknown. 

30 

There
is significant uncertainty in the healthcare industry, both as a result of recently enacted legislation and changing government regulation,
which may have a material adverse impact on the businesses of our hospital clients and ultimately on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

 The
healthcare industry is subject to changing political, economic, and regulatory influences that may affect the procurement processes and
operation of healthcare facilities, including our hospital clients. During the past decade, the healthcare industry has been subject
to increased legislation and regulation of, among other things, reimbursement rates, payment programs, information technology programs,
and certain capital expenditures (collectively, the Health Reform Laws ). The Health Reform Laws contain various provisions
that impact us and our clients. Some of these provisions have a positive impact, by expanding the use of electronic health records in
certain federal programs, for example, while others, such as reductions in reimbursement for certain types of providers, have a negative
impact due to fewer available resources. The continued increase in fraud and abuse penalties is expected to adversely affect participants
in the healthcare sector, including us. 

 The
activity related to the repeal, repair, and/or replacement of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act PPACA ), including
any changes resulting from continued judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the law, and the 2015 repeal of the
Sustainable Growth Rate and replacement with the MACRA may have an impact on our business. The Affordable Care Act, passed in 2010, contained
various provisions that have impacted us and our clients, and any replacement or adjustment of that law may change requirements related
to our products or how our clients use them, as well as reimbursement available to our clients. These may have a positive impact by requiring
the expanded use of EHRs and analytics tools to participate in certain federal programs, for example, while others, such as those mandating
reductions in reimbursement for certain types of providers, may have a negative impact by reducing the resources available to purchase
our products. Increases in fraud and abuse enforcement and penalties may also adversely affect participants in the healthcare sector,
including us. 

 As
existing regulations mature and become better defined, we anticipate that these regulations will continue to directly affect certain
of our products and services, but we cannot fully predict the effect at this time. We have taken steps to modify our products, services,
and internal practices as necessary to facilitate our compliance with the regulations, but there can be no assurance that we will be
able to do so in a timely or complete manner. Achieving compliance with these regulations could be costly and distract management s
attention and divert other company resources, and any non-compliance by us could result in civil and criminal penalties. 

 We
may not see the benefits from government funding programs initiated to accelerate the adoption and utilization of health information
technology. 

 While
government programs have been implemented to improve the efficiency and quality of the healthcare sector, including expenditures to stimulate
business and accelerate the adoption and utilization of healthcare technology, we may not see the anticipated benefits of such programs.
Under the ARRA, the PPACA, and the MACRA, significant government financial resources are being invested in healthcare, including financial
incentives to healthcare providers who can demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology since 2011. While we expect the ARRA,
the PPACA, and the MACRA to continue to create sales opportunities over the next several years, we are unsure of the immediate or long-term
impact of these government actions. 

 HITECH
established the Medicare and Medicaid EHR Incentive Programs to provide incentive payments for eligible professionals, hospitals, and
critical access hospitals as they adopt, implement, upgrade, or demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology. HITECH, and subsequently
MACRA, also authorized CMS to apply payment adjustments, or penalties, to Medicare eligible professionals and eligible hospitals that
are not meaningful users under the Medicare EHR Incentive Program. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ). 

31 

Although
we believe that our service offerings will meet the requirements of HITECH and MACRA to allow our clients to qualify for financial incentives
and avoid financial penalties for implementing and using our services, there can be no guaranty that our clients will achieve meaningful
use (or its equivalent under MACRA s Merit Based Incentive Payment System, Promoting Interoperability) or actually receive such
planned financial incentives for our services. We also cannot predict the speed at which healthcare providers will adopt electronic health
record systems in response to these government incentives, whether healthcare providers will select our products and services, or whether
healthcare providers will implement an electronic health record system at all. In addition, the financial incentives associated with
the meaningful use program are tied to provider participation in Medicare and Medicaid, and we cannot predict whether providers will
continue to participate in these programs. Any delay in the purchase and implementation of electronic health records systems by healthcare
providers in response to government programs, or the failure of healthcare providers to purchase an electronic health record system,
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. It is also possible that additional regulations
or government programs related to electronic health records, amendment or repeal of current healthcare laws and regulations, or the delay
in regulatory implementation could require us to undertake additional efforts to meet meaningful use standards, materially impact our
ability to compete in the evolving healthcare IT market, materially impact healthcare providers decisions to implement electronic
health records systems or have other impacts that would be unfavorable to our business. The costs of achieving and maintaining certified
electronic health record technology CEHRT are also significant and because the definition of CEHRT and its use requirements
for clients are subject to regulatory changes, these programs and future regulatory changes to them could adversely impact our business. 

 We
may be subject to false or fraudulent claim laws. 

 There
are numerous federal and state laws that forbid the submission of false information or the failure to disclose information in connection
with submission and payment of physician claims for reimbursement. In some cases, these laws also forbid the abuse of existing systems
for such submission and payment. Any failure of our revenue cycle management services to comply with these laws and regulations could
result in substantial liability including, but not limited to, criminal liability, could adversely affect demand for our services and
could force us to expend significant capital, research and development, and other resources to address the failure. Errors by us or our
systems with respect to entry, formatting, preparation, or transmission of claim information may be determined or alleged to be in violation
of these laws and regulations. Determination by a court or regulatory agency that our services violate these laws could subject us to
civil or criminal penalties, invalidate all or portions of some of our client contracts, require us to change or terminate some portions
of our business, require us to refund portions of our services fees, cause us to be disqualified from serving clients doing business
with government payers and have an adverse effect on our business. 

 If
the healthcare information technology market fails to continue to develop as quickly as expected, our business, financial condition,
and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

 The
electronic healthcare information market is rapidly evolving. A number of market entrants have introduced or developed products and services
that are competitive with one or more components of the platforms and programmatic solutions we offer. We expect that additional companies
will continue to enter this market, especially in response to recent legislative actions. In new and rapidly evolving industries, there
is significant uncertainty and risk as to the demand for, and market acceptance of, recently introduced products and services. Because
the markets for our products and services are new and evolving, we are not able to predict the size and growth rate of the markets with
any certainty. If markets fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected, or become saturated with competitors, our business, financial
condition, and operating results could be materially and adversely impacted. 

 If
the demand for cloud-based solutions declines, particularly in the Life Sciences industry, our revenues could decrease, and our business
could be adversely affected. 

 The
continued expansion of the use of cloud-based solutions, particularly in the Life Sciences industry, depends on a number of factors,
including the cost, performance, and perceived value associated with cloud-based solutions, as well as the ability of providers of cloud-based
solutions to address and maintain security, privacy, and unique regulatory requirements or concerns. If we or other cloud-based solution
providers experience security incidents, loss of customer data, disruptions in delivery, or other problems, the market for cloud-based
solutions in the Life Sciences industry, including our solutions, may be adversely affected. If cloud-based solutions do not continue
to achieve more widespread adoption in the Life Sciences industry, or there is a widespread reduction in demand for cloud-based solutions,
our revenues could decrease and our business could be adversely affected. 

32 

Unfavorable
conditions in our industry or the U.S. economy, or reductions in information technology spending, could limit our ability to grow our
business and negatively affect our operating results. 

 Our
operating results may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the United States economy on us or our clients. The revenue
growth and potential profitability of our business depend on demand for the workforce and provide platforms and programmatic for healthcare
providers. We sell our products and services to organizations whose businesses fluctuate based on general economic and business conditions.
In addition, a portion of our revenue is attributable to the number of users of our products at each of our clients, which in turn is
influenced by the employment and hiring patterns of our clients and potential clients. To the extent that economic uncertainty or weak
economic conditions cause our clients and potential clients to freeze or reduce their headcount, demand for our products may be negatively
affected. If economic conditions deteriorate, our clients and potential clients may elect to decrease their workforce development budgets
for cloud-based platforms and programmatic solutions by deferring or reconsidering purchases, which would limit our ability to grow our
business and negatively affect our operating results. 

 The
market for our data analysis systems and software solutions is new and unproven and may not grow. 

 We
believe our future success will depend in large part on establishing and growing a market for our systems infrastructure and that are
able to provide operational intelligence, particularly designed to collect and index machine data. Our systems infrastructure is designed
to address interoperability challenges across the healthcare continuum. It integrates big data with real-time resources and applies machine
learning algorithms to inform and optimize treatment decisions. In order to grow our business, we intend to expand the functionality
of our offering to increase its acceptance and use by the broader market. In particular, our systems infrastructure is targeted at those
in the healthcare continuum that are transitioning from fee-for-service to a value-based reimbursement model. While we believe this to
be the current trend in healthcare, this trend may not continue in the future. Our systems infrastructure is less effective with a traditional
fee-for-service model and if there is a reversion in the industry towards fee-for-service, or a shift to another model, we would need
to update our offerings and we may not be able to do so effectively or at all. It is difficult to predict client adoption and renewal
rates, client demand for our software, the size and growth rate of the market for our solutions, the entry of competitive products, or
the success of existing competitive products. Many of our potential clients may already be a party to existing agreements for competing
offerings that may have lengthy terms or onerous termination provisions, and they may have already made substantial investments into
those platforms which would result in high switching costs. Any expansion in our market depends on several factors, including the cost,
performance, and perceived value associated with such operating system and software applications particularly considering the shifting
market dynamics. Although we have experienced rapid adoption of our systems infrastructure and software solutions, the rate may slow
or decline in the future, which would harm our business and operating results. In addition, while many large hospital systems and payers
use our solutions, many of these entities use only certain of our offerings, and we may not be successful in driving broader adoption
of our solutions among these existing users, which would limit our revenue growth. 

 If
the market for our offerings does not achieve widespread adoption or there is a reduction in demand for our offerings in our market caused
by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, lack of accessible machine data, competing technologies and products, decreases
in corporate spending, weakening economic conditions, or otherwise, it could result in reduced customer orders, early terminations, reduced
renewal rates or decreased revenues, any of which would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. You should consider
our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter in this new and unproven market. 

 Risks
Related Ownership of Our Securities 

 The
market for our common stock is new and may not develop to provide investors with adequate liquidity. 

 We
only recently conducted our initial public offering in October of 2021. Therefore, the market for our common stock is new, and we cannot
assure you that an active trading market for our common stock will develop, or if it does develop, it may not be maintained. You may
not be able to sell your common stock quickly or at the market price if trading in our securities is not active. 

33 

If we fail to regain compliance with the
continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock and our ability to access
the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

 On June 3, 2022, we received a deficiency
letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive
business days, the bid price for our common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement for continued inclusion on
the Nasdaq Capital Market, referred to as the minimum bid price rule. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules, we were provided an initial
period of 180 calendar days, or until November 30, 2022, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule. We did not regain compliance
with the minimum bid price rule by the initial compliance date, and applied for an additional duration of 180 calendar days to regain
compliance with the minimum bid price rule, a period expiring on May 30, 2023. 

 Apart from
the aforementioned notice, on December 29, 2022, further Nasdaq notified us that due to the resignations of Mr. Jeffrey S. Mathiesen,
Mr. John Leo and Ms. April Bjornstad from the our board of directors, audit committee and compensation committee, we no longer complied
with Nasdaq s independent director, audit committee and compensation committee requirements as set forth in Listing Rule (i) 5605(b)(1)
which requires that a majority of the board of directors be composed of independent directors as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2);
(ii) Rule 5605(c)(2) which requires that the board continue to have an audit committee of at least three members, each of whom must be
an independent director as defined under Rule 5605(a)(2); and (iii) Rule 5605(d)(2) which requires that the board continue to have a compensation
committee of at least two members who must be independent directors as defined under Rule 5605(a)(2). In response to this, Nasdaq gave
us until January 27, 2023 to submit a compliance plan, which was submitted on January 27, 2023 and accepted by the Nasdaq on January 27,
2023 granting us an extension of up to 180 days from
December 29, 2022 for the Company to evidence compliance. 

 To date, we have not regained compliance
with the minimum bid price rule, but have regained compliance with respect to Nasdaq s independent director, audit committee and
compensation committee requirements as set forth in Listing Rule 5605(b)(1), Rule 5605(c)(2), and Rule 5605(d)(2). If, at any time during
the additional compliance period the bid price for our common stock closes at 1.00 or more per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department staff will provide written notification to us that we are in compliance with
the minimum bid price rule, unless the staff exercises its discretion to extend this 10-day period pursuant to the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

 On October 19, 2022, we filed a definitive
proxy statement for a Special Meeting of Stockholders that was held on November 17, 2022 at which meeting we approved the resolution to
give our board the discretion to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock in a range of split ratios from 1-for-2 to 1-for-10
at any time prior to May 29, 2023. 

 If we do not regain compliance with the minimum
bid price rule by the required date and we are not eligible for any additional compliance period at that time, the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications
Department staff will provide us written notification that our common stock may be delisted. At that time, we may appeal the staff s
delisting determination to a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel. We expect that our common stock would remain listed pending the panel s
decision. However, there can be no assurance that, even if we appeal the staff s delisting determination to the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications
Panel, such appeal would be successful. 

34 

There are many factors that
may adversely affect our minimum bid price, including those described throughout this section titled Risk Factors. Many
of these factors are outside of our control. As a result, we may not be able to sustain compliance with the minimum bid price rule in
the long term. Any potential delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market would likely result in decreased liquidity and
increased volatility for our common stock and would adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or to enter into strategic
transactions. Any potential delisting of our common stock from the Nasdaq Capital Market would also make it more difficult for our stockholders
to sell our common stock in the public market. 

If
our shares of common stock become subject to the penny stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

 The
Securities and Exchange Commission (or SEC) has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in
penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain
national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume
information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If we do not retain a listing on Nasdaq
and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00, our common stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable
investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement;
(ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement.
These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and
therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

 Our
Parent owns approximately 61 of our common stock and will be able to exert a controlling influence over our business affairs and matters
submitted to stockholders for approval. 

 Our Parent owns approximately
61 of our common stock. As a result, our Parent has control over all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the
election and removal of directors, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, the approval of any business combination,
and any other significant corporate transaction. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by other stockholders, including
public stockholders like you. 

35 

Sales
of a significant number of shares of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress
the market price of our common stock. 

 Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public markets could depress the market price of our common stock and impair
our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our
common stock would have on the market price of our common stock. 

 If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. 

 The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. Several analysts cover our stock. If one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or
fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to
decline. 

 We
are an emerging growth company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

 We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are
permitted by SEC rules and plan to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other SEC-registered
public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the SOX, not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. As a result, the information we provide stockholders will be different than the information that is available
with respect to other public companies. In this prospectus, we have not included all of the executive compensation-related information
that would be required if we were not an emerging growth company. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less
attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

 In
addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with
new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until
those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised
accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new
or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

36 

The
elimination of personal liability against our directors and officers under Delaware law and the existence of indemnification rights held
by our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenses. 

 Our
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws eliminate the personal liability of our directors and officers to us
and our stockholders for damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer to the extent permissible under Delaware law.
Further, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our Bylaws and individual indemnification agreements we have entered
with each of our directors and executive officers provide that we are obligated to indemnify each of our directors or officers to the
fullest extent authorized by the Delaware law and, subject to certain conditions, advance the expenses incurred by any director or officer
in defending any action, suit or proceeding prior to its final disposition. Those indemnification obligations could expose us to substantial
expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against our directors or officers, which we may be unable to afford. Further,
those provisions and resulting costs may discourage us or our stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against any of our current or former
directors or officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties, even if such actions might otherwise benefit our stockholders. 

 Our
certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain litigation
that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for
disputes with us. 

 Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation specifies that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum,
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought
on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or
agents or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
our Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each
case subject to said Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have
consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described above 

 We
believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly
experienced in resolving corporate disputes, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule relative to other forums
and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. However, the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against
our directors, officers, employees and agents as it may limit any stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that
such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. The enforceability of similar
choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is
possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained
in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If a court were to find the choice of
forum provision contained in our restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur
additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations. 

37 

These
broad market and industry fluctuations may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual
operating performance. In addition, price volatility may be greater if the public float and trading volume of our common stock are low. 

 In
the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities class action litigation. If we were involved
in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of executive management from our business
regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 

 We
currently do not intend to declare dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as a result, your returns on your investment
may depend solely on the appreciation of our common stock. 

 We currently do not expect
to declare any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we anticipate that all of our earnings in the foreseeable
future will be used to provide working capital, to support our operations, and to finance the growth and development of our business.
Any determination to declare or pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable
laws, and dependent upon a number of factors, including our earnings, capital requirements, and overall financial conditions. In addition,
our ability to pay dividends on our common stock may be restricted by the terms of any future debt or preferred securities issuances.
Accordingly, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment in our Company may be if the market price of our common stock
appreciates and you sell your shares at a profit. The market price for our common stock may never exceed, and may fall below, the price
that you pay for such common stock. 

 Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 None 

 Item
2. Properties 

 We lease and maintain our primary offices at 7901
Stoneridge Drive, Suite # 220 Pleasanton CA, USA 94588.We also have our satellite lease offices at 2 Tower Centre Blvd, 8th Floor, Suite
# 804, East Brunswick, NJ 08816. We currently do not own any real estate. 

 Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

 From
time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. We may in the future receive claims
from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights. Future litigation may be necessary
to defend ourselves, our partners and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary
rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless
of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us. To date, we have not been made aware of any actual, pending or threatened
litigation against the Company. 

 Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

 Not applicable. 

38 

PART
II 

 Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

 Market
Information 

 Our
common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol HCTI. 

 Holders 

 As
of March 2, 2023, there were 49 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers
and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, this number is not representative of the total number of beneficial owners of our stock. 

 Dividends 

 We
have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and
expansion of our business and fund our share repurchase program, and we do not expect to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

 Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

 None 

39 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

 The
following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our common stock that may be issued under the Plan. 

Plan category: 
 Number of Securities to be issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants, and Rights (a) 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options (b) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 1,345,201 
 0.39 
 1,959,299 
 
 Total 
 1,345,201 
 0.39 
 1,959,299 

(1) 
 
 The
 Plan permits grants of equity awards to employees, directors, consultants and other independent contractors. Our board of directors
 and shareholders have approved a total reserve of 4,000,000 shares for issuance under the Plan. 

(2) 
 
 The
 total reserve of 4,000,000 shares represents 8.75 of the equity on a fully diluted basis. 

We
have not issued any options outside of the Plan. 

 Transfer
Agent 

 The
transfer agent for the common stock is VStock Transfer LLC, 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, New York, telephone (212) 828-8436. 

 Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

 The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

40 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

 The
following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows
of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the
condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, and the consolidated financial statements and the related
notes thereto all included elsewhere in this report. The statements in this discussion regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding
our future performance, liquidity, and capital resources, and all other non-historical statements in this discussion are forward-looking
statements and are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our
management. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed in or implied by forward-looking statements as a result of various
factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this report, and in the sections entitled Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements and Risk Factors . 

 Overview 

 Healthcare
Triangle, Inc. is a leading healthcare information technology company focused on advancing innovative, industry-transforming solutions
in the areas of cloud services, data science, professional and managed services for the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry. 

 The
Company was formed on October 29, 2019, as a Nevada corporation and then converted into a Delaware corporation on April 24, 2020, to
provide IT and data services to the Healthcare and Life Sciences HCLS industry. The business commenced on January 1,
2020, after the Parent transferred its s Life Sciences business to us. As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 51 full time employees,
225 sub-contractors, including 122 certified cloud engineers, 107 Epic Certified EHR experts and 17 MEDITECH Certified EHR experts. Many
of the senior management team and the members of our board of directors hold advanced degrees and some are leading experts in software
development, regulatory science, and market access. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we generated revenues of approximately
 45.9 million compared to revenue of 35.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, which represents an increase of 10.6
million or 30 compared to the previous year. 

 Our
approach leverages our proprietary technology platforms, extensive industry knowledge, and healthcare domain expertise to provide solutions
and services that reinforce healthcare progress. Through our platform, solutions, and services, we support healthcare delivery organizations,
healthcare insurance companies, pharmaceutical, and Life Sciences, biotech companies, and medical device manufacturers in their efforts
to improve data management, develop analytical insights into their operations, and deliver measurable clinical, financial, and operational
improvements. 

 We
offer a comprehensive suite of software, solutions, platforms, and services that enables some of the world s leading healthcare
and pharma organizations to deliver personalized healthcare, precision medicine, advances in drug discovery, development and efficacy,
collaborative research and development, respond to real-world evidence, and accelerate their digital transformation. We combine our expertise
in the healthcare technology domain, cloud technologies, DevOps and automation, data engineering, advanced analytics, AI/ML, IoT, security,
compliance, and governance to deliver platforms and solutions that drive improved results in the complex workflows of Life Sciences,
biotech, healthcare providers, and payers. Our differentiated solutions, enabled by our intellectual property and delivered as a service,
provide advanced analytics, data science applications, and data aggregation in these highly regulated environments in a more compliant,
secure, and cost-effective manner to our customers. 

 Our
deep expertise in healthcare allows us to reinforce our clients progress by accelerating their innovation. Our healthcare IT services
include Electronic Health Records (EHR) and software implementation, optimization, extension to community partners, as well as application
managed services, and backup and disaster recovery capabilities on public cloud. Our 24x7 managed services are used by hospitals and
health systems, payers, Life Sciences, and biotech organizations in their effort to improve health outcomes and deliver deeper, more
meaningful patient and consumer experiences. Through our services, our customers achieve a return on investment in their technology by
delivering measurable improvements. Combined with our software and solutions, our services provide clients with an end-to-end partnership
for their technology innovation. 

41 

Our
Business Model 

 The
majority of our revenue is generated by our full-time employees/consultants who provide software services and Managed Services and Support
to our clients in the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry. Our software services include strategic advisory, implementation and development
services and Managed Services and Support include post implementation support and cloud hosting. Our CloudEz and DataEz platforms became
commercially available to deploy under solution delivery model in 2019 and Readabl.AI platform from last quarter of 2020. While these
platforms are commercially available, we continue to upgrade them on a regular basis. 

 We are in the early stages
of marketing CloudEz, DataEz and Readabl.AI as our SaaS offerings on a subscription basis, which we expect will provide us with recurring
revenues. We do not yet have enough information about our competition or customer acceptance of our SaaS offerings to determine whether
or not recurring subscription revenue will have a material impact on our revenue growth. 

 Impacts
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

 The
COVID-19 pandemic has had, and is likely to continue to have, a severe and unprecedented impact on the world and on our business. Measures
to prevent its spread, including government-imposed restrictions on large gatherings, closures of face-to-face events, shelter
in place health orders and travel restrictions have had a significant effect on certain of our business operations. In response
to these business disruptions, which include a transition to remote working, reducing certain of our discretionary expenditures and eliminating
non-essential travel particularly with respect to COVID-19 impacted operation and complying with health and safety guidelines to protect
employees, contractors, and customers. 

 The
Company reported sequential growth in revenue in 2022; There has been no major impact on account of COVID-19 during the quarter ended
December 31, 2022. 

 The
Company has obtained necessary funding to manage our short-term working capital requirements. The Company has not altered any credit
terms with its customers and the realization from the customers have generally been on time. The Company has been able to service its
debt and other obligations on time. There has been no material impact on the operational liquidity and capital resources on account of
COVID-19. 

42 

Key
Factors of Success 

 We
believe that our future growth, success, and performance are dependent on many factors, including those mentioned below. While these
factors present significant opportunities for us, they also represent the challenges that we must successfully address in order to grow
our business and improve our results of operations. 

 Investment
in scaling the business 

 We
need to continuously invest in research and development to build new solutions, sales, and marketing to promote our solutions to new
and existing customers in various geographies, and other operational and administrative functions in systems, controls and governance
to support our expected growth and our transition to a public company. We anticipate that our employee strength will increase because
of these investments. 

 Adoption
of our solutions by new and existing customers 

 We
believe that our ability to increase our customer base will enable us to drive growth. Most of our customers initially deploy our solutions
within a division or geography and may only initially deploy a limited set of our available solutions. Our future growth is dependent
upon our existing customers continued success and renewals of our solutions agreements, deployment of our solutions to additional
divisions or geographies and the purchase of subscriptions to additional solutions. Our growth is also dependent on the adoption of our
solutions by new customers. Our customers are large organizations who typically have long procurement cycles which may lead to declines
in the pace of our new customer additions. 

 Subscription
services adoption 

 The
key factor to our success in generating substantial recurring subscription revenues in future will be our ability to successfully market
and persuade new customers to adopt our SaaS offerings. We are in the early stages of marketing our SaaS offerings such as DataEz, CloudEz
and Readabl.AI, and do not yet have enough information about our competition or customer acceptance to determine whether or not recurring
subscription revenue from these offerings will have a material impact on our revenue growth. 

 Mix
of solutions and software services revenues. 

 Another
factor to our success is the ability to sell our solutions to the existing software services customers. During the initial period of
deployment by a customer, we generally provide a greater number of services including advisory, implementation and training. At the same
time, many of our customers have historically purchased our solutions after the deployment. Hence, the proportion of total revenues for
a customer associated with software services is relatively high during the initial deployment period. While our software services help
our customers achieve measurable improvements and make them stickier, they have lower gross margins than solution-based revenue. Over
time, we expect the revenues to shift towards recurring and subscription-based revenues. 

 Components
of Results of Operations 

 Revenues

We
provide our services and manage our business under these operating segments: 

Software
 Services 

Managed
 Services and Support 

Platform
 Services 

43 

Software
Services 

 The
Company earns revenue primarily through the sale of software services that is generated from providing strategic advisory, implementation,
and development services. The Company enters into Statement of Work (SOW) which provides for service obligations that need to be fulfilled
as agreed with the customer. The majority of our software services arrangements are billed on a time and materials basis and revenues
are recognized over time based on time incurred and contractually agreed upon rates. Certain software services revenues are billed on
a fixed fee basis and revenues are typically recognized over time as the services are delivered based on time incurred and customer acceptance.
We recognize revenue when we have the right to invoice the customer using the allowable practical expedient under ASC 606-10-55-18 since
the right to invoice the customer corresponds with the performance obligations completed. 

 Managed
Services and Support 

 Managed
Services and Support include post implementation support and cloud hosting. Managed Services and Support are a distinct performance obligation.
Revenue for Managed Services and Support is recognized rateably over the life of the contract. 

 Platform
Services 

 Platform
Services from CloudEz, DataEz and Readabl.AI are offered as a solution delivery model till 2021. We have launched our platforms as Software
as a Service (SaaS) on a subscription model. 

 The
revenue from solutions delivery model contains a series of separately identifiable and distinct services that represent performance obligations
that are satisfied over time. During the periods presented the company generated Platform revenue on solution delivery model only, which
is non-recurring revenue. 

 Our
SaaS agreements will be generally non-cancellable during the term, although customers typically will have the right to terminate their
agreements for cause in the event of material breach. 

 SaaS
revenues will be recognized rateably over the respective non-cancellable subscription term because of the continuous transfer of control
to the customer. Our subscription arrangements will be considered service contracts, and the customer will not have the right to take
possession of the software Segment wise revenue breakup. 

 Cost
of Revenue 

 Cost
of revenue consists primarily of employee-related costs associated with the rendering of our services, including salaries, benefits and
stock-based compensation expense, the cost of subcontractors, travel costs, cloud hosting charges and allocated overhead the cost of
providing professional services is significantly higher as a percentage of the related revenues than for our subscription services due
to the direct labor costs and costs of subcontractors. Our business and operational models are designed to be highly scalable and leverage
variable costs to support revenue-generating activities. 

 While
we may grow our headcount overtime to capitalize on our market opportunities, we believe our increased investment in automation, electronic
health record integration capabilities, and economies of scale in our operating model, will position us to grow our platform solutions
revenue at a greater rate than our cost of revenue. 

44 

Operating
Expenses 

 Research
and Development 

 Research
and development expense (majorly our investment in innovation) consists primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits,
incentives, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs for our software developers, engineers, analysts, project managers,
and other employees engaged in the development and enhancement of our cloud-based platform applications. Research and development expenses
also include certain third-party consulting fees. Our research and development expense excludes any depreciation and amortization. 

 We
expect to continue our focus on developing new product offerings and enhancing our existing product offerings. As a result, we expect
our research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars, although it may vary from period to period as a percentage of revenue. 

 Sales
and Marketing 

 Sales
and marketing expense consists primarily of employee-related expenses, including salaries, benefits, commissions, travel, discretionary
incentive compensation, employment taxes, severance, and equity compensation costs for our employees engaged in sales, sales support,
business development, and marketing. Sales and marketing expense also includes operating expenses for marketing programs, research, trade
shows, and brand messages, and public relations costs. 

 We
expect our sales and marketing expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollar terms as we strategically invest to expand our business,
although it may vary from period to period as a percentage of total revenues. 

 General
and Administrative 

 Our
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses including salaries, benefits, discretionary incentive
compensation, employment taxes, severance, and stock-based compensation expenses , for employees who are responsible for management information
systems, administration, human resources, finance, legal, and executive management. The general and administrative expenses also include
occupancy expenses (including rent, utilities, and facilities maintenance), professional fees, consulting fees, insurance, travel, contingent
consideration, transaction costs, integration costs, and other expenses. Our general and administrative expenses exclude depreciation
and amortization. 

 In
the nearest future, we expect our general and administrative expenses to continue to increase to support business growth. Over the long
term, we expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue. 

 Depreciation
and Amortization Expenses 

 Our
depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of depreciation of fixed assets, amortization of Customer relationship and capitalized
software development costs, and amortization of intangible assets. We expect our depreciation and amortization expense to increase as
we expand our business organically and through acquisitions. 

 Other
Income (Expense), Net 

 Other
income (expense), net consists of finance cost and gains or losses on foreign currency. 

 Deferred
revenues 

 Advanced
billings to clients in excess of revenue earned are recorded as deferred revenue until the revenue recognition criteria are met. 

 Unbilled
accounts receivable 

 Unbilled
accounts receivable is a contract asset related to the delivery of our professional services for which the related billings will occur
in a future period. Unbilled receivables are classified as accounts receivable on the consolidated balance sheet. 

45 

Although
we believe that our approach to estimates and judgments regarding revenue recognition is reasonable, actual results could differ and
we may be exposed to increases or decreases in revenue that could be material. 

 Provision
for Income Taxes 

 Provision
for income taxes consists of federal and state income taxes in the United States, including deferred income taxes reflecting the net
tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes. 

 Pay
check Protection Program 

 On
February 9, 2021, we received a PPP loan pursuant to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act amounting to 1.06 million. The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ),
provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business.
The loans and accrued interest are forgivable after eight weeks as long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes,
including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels. The amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if
the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the eight-week period. The unforgiven portion of the PPP loan is payable
over five years at an interest rate of 1 , with a deferral of payments for the first six months. The Company has utilized the proceeds
for purposes in line with the terms of the PPP. 

 Results
of Operations 

 The following
tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations data and such data as a percentage of total revenues for each of the
periods indicated: 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 

of Sales 
 
 2021 

of Sales 
 
 Revenue 

45,886 

100 

35,270 

100 

Cost
 of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation /amortization) 

34,591 

75 

24,748 

70 

Research
 and Development 

5,953 

13 

5,257 

15 

Sales
 and Marketing 

6,650 

14 

4,761 

13 

General
 and Administrative 

5,734 

12 

4,440 

13 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

3,374 

7 

1,422 

4 

Other
 income 

(1,081) 

2 

0 

Interest
 expense 

212 

0 

567 

2 

Income
 taxes 

63 

0 

24 

0 

Net
 (loss) 

(9,610) 

(21) 

(5,949) 

(17) 

46 

Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 

 Revenue
from operations 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Revenue 

45,886 

35,270 

10,616 

30 

Revenue
increased by 10.6 million, or 30 to 45.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 35.2 million for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Revenue from Software Services increased on acquisition of Devcool Inc. The Software Services
are typically short-term engagements to provide software consulting and development services, which do not require continual third-party
maintenance. Managed Services and Support such as IT cloud hosting and support call for services on a continuous basis and allow for
strengthening of client relationships which can lead to additional engagements from the client. Therefore, the Company is determined
to focus on increasing the Managed Services Support and Platform Services revenue to enhance our relationship and long-term engagement
with our customers. We have made additional investments in Sales Marketing and Research Development to grow Managed Services
 Support and Platform Services revenue. We expect this trend to continue and have a net positive impact on overall results of the
operations. 

47 

Our
top 5 customers accounted for 72 of revenue during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 66 during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2021, respectively. 

 The
following table has the breakdown of our revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 for each of our top 5 customers.
Several of the top 5 customers in 2022 are not the same for 2021. 

 Top
Five Customers Revenue for Twelve months ended December 31, 2022 

Customer 
 
 Amount(In
 thousands) 

of Revenue 
 
 Customer
 1 

17,768 

39 

Customer
 2 

5,598 

12 

Customer
 3 

4,676 

10 

Customer
 4 

3,698 

8 

Customer
 5 

1,585 

3 

Top Five Customers Revenue for Twelve months ended
December 31, 2021 

Customer 
 
 Amount(In
 thousands) 

of Revenue 
 
 Customer
 1 

12,678 

36 

Customer
 2 

3,214 

9 

Customer
 3 

2,907 

8 

Customer
 4 

2,675 

8 

Customer
 5 

1,799 

5 

The
following table provides details of Customer 1 revenue by operating segments: 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 Changes 

(In thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Software Services 
 14,519 
 13,480 
 1,039 
 8 
 
 Managed Services and Support 
 3,249 
 3,138 
 111 
 4 
 
 Platform Services 

Total Revenue 
 17,768 
 16,618 
 1,150 
 7 

Revenue
from Customer 1 increased by 1 million, or 8 to 17.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 16.6 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Software Services revenue increased by 1 million or 8 to 14.5 million for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 13.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Managed Services and Support
revenue increased by 0.1 million, or 4 to 3.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3.1 million for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

48 

Cost
of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation /amortization) 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Cost
 of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation /amortization) 

34,591 

24,748 

9,843 

40 

Cost
of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization increased by 9.8 million, or 40 , to 34.6 million for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, as compared to 24.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to an increase in operational
expenses related to delivery of software services. 

 Research
and Development 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Research
 and Development 

5,953 

5,257 

696 

13 

Research
and Development expenses increased by 0.7 million, or 13 to 5.9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 5.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly due to engineering
and other technical functions supporting our continued investment in our platforms. 

 Sales
and Marketing 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Sales
 and Marketing 

6,650 

4,761 

1,889 

40 

Sales
and Marketing expenses increased by 1.9 million, or 40 to 6.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to
 4.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, this is primarily due to additional investments in Sales and Marketing. 

 General
and Administrative 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

General
 and Administrative 

5,734 

4,440 

1,293 

29 

General
and Administrative expenses increased by 1.3 million, or 29 to 5.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 4.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, this is primarily due to increase in general liability insurance cost
on account of becoming a public company. 

49 

Depreciation
and amortization 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Depreciation
 and amortization 

3,374 

1,422 

1,952 

137 

Depreciation
and amortization expenses increased by 1.9 million, or 137 to 3.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 1.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, this is mainly on account amortization from acquisition of Devcool Inc. 

 Interest
expense 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Interest
 expense 

212 

567 

(355) 

(63) 

Interest
expenses decreased by 0.4 million, or 63 to 0.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.6 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, this is primarily due to interest on convertible note in 2021 this was subsequently converted
into equity at the time of IPO. The interest expenses during the current year represents interest on factoring facility availed during
the current year. 

 Provision
for Income Taxes 

Twelve
 Months Ended 
 December 31, 
 
 Changes 

(In
 thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Amount 

Income
 tax 

63 

24 

39 

163 

Income
tax increased by 0.04 million, or 163 to 0.06 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.02 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, this represents state taxes. 

 Revenue,
Cost of Revenue and Operating Profit by Operating Segment 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 Changes 

(In thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Software Services 
 25,883 
 12,430 
 13,453 
 108 
 
 Managed Services and Support 
 15,178 
 19,003 
 (3,825 
 (20 
 
 Platform Services 
 4,825 
 3,837 
 988 
 75 
 
 Revenue 
 45,886 
 35,270 
 10,616 
 30 

We currently
provide our services and manage our business under three operating segments which are Software Services, Managed Services and Support
and Platform Services. 

50 

Revenue
from Software Services increased by 13.5 million, or 108 to 25.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 12.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Income from Software services increased on account of the acquisition
of Devcool Inc. The total number of customers serviced during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, increased to 53 from 48 for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Revenue from Managed Services and Support decreased by 3.8 million, or 20 to 15.2 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 19 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The revenue
from Managed Services and Support revenue has decreased on account of the decrease in revenue from hosting services. Revenue from Platform
Services increased by 0.1 million, or 26 to 4.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 3.8 million
for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

 Factors
affecting revenues of Software Services, Managed Services and Support and Platform Services 

 Our
strategy is to achieve meaningful long-term revenue growth through sales of Managed Services and Support and Platform Services to existing
and new clients within our target market. In order to increase our cross-selling opportunity between our operating segments and realize
long time revenue growth, our focus has shifted more towards Managed Services and Support and Platform Services which is of recurring
nature when compared to Software Services segment which is of non-recurring nature. This also helps in retaining existing customers by
leveraging our Managed Services and Support and Platform Services as a growth agent. This renewed focus on driving demand for subscription
and platform-based model will help us in expanding our customer base and enhance customer retention which is a challenge for our existing
Software Services segment. Software Services contracts are driven by Time and Material and on site employees delivering services at customers
location. 

 Our
CloudEz, DataEz and Readabl.ai platforms are getting more traction, and this will lead to increase in revenue from platform services.
We have made additional investments in Sales Marketing and Research Development to grow Managed Services Support and
Platform Services revenue. We expect this trend to continue and have a net positive impact on overall results of operations. 

 Cost
of Revenue 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 Changes 

(In thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Software Services 
 20,533 
 9,031 
 11,502 
 127 
 
 Managed Services and Support 
 10,697 
 14,094 
 (3,397 
 (24 
 
 Platform Services 
 3,361 
 1,623 
 1,738 
 107 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 34,591 
 24,748 
 9,843 
 40 

Cost
of Revenue from Software Services increased by 11.5 million, or 127 to 20.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022,
as compared to 9 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of Software Services is due to increase
in Software Services revenue. Cost of Revenue from Managed Services and Support decreased by 3.4 million, or 24 to 10.7 million for
the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 14.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease is
on account of the decrease in cloud hosting revenue. Cost of Revenue from Platform Services increased by 1.7 million, or 107 to 3.3
million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 1.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

51 

Segment
operating profits by reportable segment were as follows: 

Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
 Changes 

(In thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 Amount 

Software Services 
 (1,381 
 1,769 
 (3,150 
 (178 
 
 Managed Services and Support 
 4,481 
 4,909 
 (428 
 (9 
 
 Platform Services 
 (4,489 
 (3,043 
 (1,446 
 (48 
 
 Total segment operating profit (loss) 
 (1,389 
 3,635 
 (5,024 
 (138 
 
 Less: unallocated costs 
 9,025 
 8,993 
 32 
 (0 
 
 Income from operations 
 (10,414 
 (5,358 
 (5,056 
 (94 
 
 Other Income 
 1,081 
 
 1,081 
 100 
 
 Interest expense 
 211 
 567 
 (356 
 63 
 
 Net (loss) before income tax 
 (9,546 
 (5,925 
 3,621 
 (61 

Operating
loss from Software Services increased by 3.2 million, or 178 to (1.4) million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared
to 1.8 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Operating profit from Managed Services and Support decreased by 0.4 million,
or 9 to 4.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 4.9 million for the twelve months ended December
31, 2021. Operating loss from Platform Services increased by 1.4 million, or 48 to (4.5) million for the twelve months ended December
31, 2022, as compared to (3.1) million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 

 Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
 of 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 
 As
 of 
 December 31, 
 2021 

(In
 thousands) 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents 

1,341 

1,770 

Total
 cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

1,341 

1,770 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

(In thousands) 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 (2,600 
 (7,112 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities 
 (3,319 
 (7,629 
 
 Cash flows provided by financing activities 
 5,490 
 15,108 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (429 
 367 

As
of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity for working capital purposes were cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments
totaling 1.3 million. 

 We
have financed our operations primarily through financing activity and operating cash flows. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents
and short-term investments generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital over the next 12 months. Our future
capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, subscription renewal activity, the expansion of sales and
marketing activities and the ongoing investments in platform development. 

 Liquidity

The current
ratio measures a company's ability to pay off its current liabilities (payable within one year) with its total current assets such
as cash, accounts receivable, and inventories. The higher the ratio, the better the company's liquidity position. A good current
ratio is between 1.2 to 2, which means that a business has 2 times more current assets than liabilities to covers its debts. The
Company s current ratio, based on the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 financial statement is 1.3, compared to 1.9 for the
financial year ended December 31, 2021. 

52 

The
Company s current debt equity ratio, based on the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 financial statement is 0.20, compared to
0.21 for the financial year ended December 31, 2021. A debt-to-equity ratio below 1 means that a company has lower exposure to debts
than equity. 

 The
Company does not have inventory and hence the quick ratio is the same as current ratio. 

 Sources
of Liquidity 

 As
of December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 1.3 million. We believe that our
cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, and the future operating cash flows of the entity will provide adequate resources
to fund ongoing cash requirements for the next twelve months. If sources of liquidity are not available or if we cannot generate sufficient
cash flow from operations during the next twelve months, we may be required to obtain additional sources of funds through additional
operational improvements, capital market transactions, asset sales or financing from third parties, a combination thereof or otherwise.
We cannot provide assurance that these additional sources of funds will be available or, if available, would have reasonable terms. 

 Operating
Activities 

 Net
cash used in operating activities was (2.6) million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and net cash used from operations
was (7.1) million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 

 Investing
Activities 

 Net
cash used in investing activities was 3.3 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 7.6 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021. 

 Financing
Activities 

 Cash
flows from financing activities was 5.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 15.1 million for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2021. During the year 2022, we raised an aggregate gross amount of 6.5 million by private placement. 

 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

 We
do not have any relationships with unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured finance or special purpose
entities that would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow
or limited purposes as defined by Item 303(a)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K, as of December 31, 2022. 

53 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

 HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE, INC. 

 Consolidated
Financial Statements 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 55 
 
 Financial
 Statements 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 56 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 57 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 58 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows For The Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 59 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 

54 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

 To the shareholders and the board of directors of
Healthcare Triangle, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Healthcare Triangle, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statement of operations,
stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are
the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

 /s BF Borgers CPA PC 

 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023 

March 23, 2023 

55 

HEALTHCARE
 TRIANGLE INC 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

December
 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

(In
 thousands) 
 
 Assets 
 
 Current
 assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Accounts
 receivable 

Other
 current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Due
 from affiliates 

Total
 assets 

Liabilities
 and stockholders' equity 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Warrant
 Liability 

Payroll
 protection program loan 

Short
 term borrowing 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Other
 current liabilities 

Total
 current liabilities 

Long-term
 liabilities 

Contingent
 Consideration 

Total
 current and long-term liabilities 

Stockholders'
 equity 

Preferred
 stock, par value ; authorized 

Series
 A, Super Voting Preferred Stock - shares (1,000 votes per share) 

Common
 stock, par value ; authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31,
 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Retained
 earnings 

) 

) 

Total
 stockholders' equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

56 

HEALTHCARE
 TRIANGLE INC 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

Years
 Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

(In
 thousands) 
 
 Net
 revenue 

Cost
 of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Operating
 expenses 

Research
 and Development 

Sales
 and Marketing 

General
 and Administrative 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss
 from operation 

) 

) 

Other
 income (PPP loan forgiveness) 

Interest
 expense 

) 

) 

Loss
 before income tax 

) 

) 

Provision
 for Income tax 

) 

) 

Net
 loss 

) 

) 

Net
 loss per common share basic and diluted 

) 

) 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding used in per common share computations: 

Basic
 and diluted 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

57 

HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE INC 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Total stockholders' equity 

(in thousands) 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Shares issued for services to promoter 

Shares issued for services 

Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock 

Issue of Options (ISO/NSO) 

IPO Proceeds 

Note Conversion 

Shares Issued towards Devcool Acquisition 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net loss 

Shares issued for services 

Issue of Options (ISO/NSO) 

Issuance of common stock in connection with private placement 

Issuance of warrants in connection with private placement 

Common stock repurchased 

Cash collected on common stock options 

Prior Period adjustment 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

58 

HEALTHCARE TRIANGLE INC 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Common stock issued for services 

Income from payroll protection program 

Interest on lease payment/payroll protection program 

Stock compensation expenses 

Warrant fair valuation expenses 

Non cash expenses on acquisition 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other current assets 

Due from related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Contingent consideration 

Net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

(Purchase)/sale of property and equipment 

Increase in intangible assets 

Investment in subsidiary 

Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Increase in capital 

Stock options exercised 

Increase / (decrease) in short term borrowing 

Taxes paid 

Principal payment on finance leases 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Repurchases of common stock 

Increase in paycheck protection program loan 

Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 

Supplementary disclosure of cash flows information 

Interest 

Income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

59 

HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (in
thousands except share and per share data) 

Impact
of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

 COVID-19
has created uncertainty for our employees, members, and customers. We consider the impact of the pandemic on our business by evaluating
the health of our operations, any changes to our revenue outlook, and the degree to which interest in Company s solutions have
evolved during these unprecedented times. We measure our performance through several key metrics; and as gauged these performance metrics,
service levels have been high, and customer engagement and satisfaction have remained strong through these tough times. While the COVID-19
pandemic has not had a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations to date, the future impact of the
COVID-19 outbreak on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the duration and spread
of the outbreak, impact on our customers and our sales cycles, impact on our marketing efforts, and any reduction in spending by our
customers, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. We have a diverse set of customers, while some have faced headwinds, others
have experienced growth. Because of COVID-19, Healthcare and Life Sciences organizations are accelerating research, rethinking patient
care, and maintaining clinical and operational continuity during this unprecedented time for the global health system. COVID-19 has necessitated
the adoption of digital communication channels and remote working technology within the Healthcare and Life Sciences industry at a rapid
pace and our proprietary platforms and solutions addresses these challenges. Our business is focused on providing digital platform solutions
to healthcare organizations and it is our mission to adequately address COVID-19 challenges for the benefit of our customers and society
in general. As a result, consumers have better personal care, convenience, and value. COVID-19 is expected to drive increased utilization
of technology during and after the pandemic, and such shift to a virtual approach creates a unique opportunity for our business to shape
the new virtual-oriented experiences of businesses through our cloud technology and services and our value proposition resonates with
a broader audience of companies as they turn their focus to safely reopening their workplaces and managing the ongoing health and well-being
of employees and their families. 

Managed
 Services and Support 

) 

) 

Platform
 Services 

Revenue 

Operating
profit by Operating Segment 

) 

) 

Managed
 Services and Support 

) 

) 

Platform
 Services 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Total
 segment operating profit (loss) 

) 

) 

) 

Less:
 unallocated costs 

) 

Income
 from operations 

) 

) 

) 

) 

Other
 Income 

Interest
 expense 

() 

Net
 (loss) before income tax 

) 

) 

) 

Revenue
from top 5 customers 

 Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 

 2022 

Customer
 2 

Customer
 3 

Customer
 4 

Customer
 5 

2021 

Customer 
 
 Amount(In
 thousands) 

of Revenue 
 
 Customer
 1 

Customer
 2 

Customer
 3 

Customer
 4 

Customer
 5 

The beginning
and ending contract balances were as follows: 

We
account for business combinations using the acquisition method, which requires the identification of the acquirer, the determination
of the acquisition date and the allocation of the purchase price paid by the acquirer to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets
acquired, the liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at their acquisition
date fair values. Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired, including the amount
assigned to identifiable intangible assets. Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their useful lives. Acquisition-related
costs are expensed in the periods in which the costs are incurred. The results of operations of acquired businesses are included in our
consolidated financial statements from the date of effective control. 

Acquisition-related
 contingent consideration 

shares of the Company s
Common stock. 

 . 

 and of total revenue respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and
year ended December 31, 2021 accounts receivable from five major customers accounted for approximately and of the total accounts
receivables. 

 The
Company maintains cash balances in various financial institutions. The balances are generally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation up to (valid through December 31, 2022) per institution. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, and 2021, The Company had and , respectively, of uninsured cash balances. the Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. 

Less: Accumulated
 depreciation 

) 

() 
 
 Net
 Fixed Assets 

Depreciation
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, were and , respectively. 

Intellectual property 

Product development 

Total Intangible Assets 

Amortization
expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were and respectively. This relates amortization of internally developed
software, intellectual property, and customer relationships. 

years 
 
 Intellectual
 property 
 
 years 
 
 Product
 development 
 
 years 

Estimated
annual amortization expense (including amortization expense associated with capitalized software costs) for each of the next six years
are as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total 

and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

 The
Company utilized a portfolio approach in determining the discount rate. The portfolio approach takes into consideration the range of
the term, the range of the lease payments, the category of the underlying asset and the Company s estimated incremental borrowing
rate, which is derived from information available at the lease commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments.
The Company also considered its recent debt issuances as well as publicly available data for instruments with similar characteristics
when calculating the incremental borrowing rates. 

 Leases
with a term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet, per the election of the practical expedient noted above. The
Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company recognizes variable lease
payments in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate
are initially measured using the index or rate at the commencement date, otherwise variable lease payments are recognized in the period
incurred. 

 The
components of lease expenses were as follows. 

Additions 

Finance
 cost accrued during the year 

Payment
 of lease liability 

Closing
 Balance 

Supplemental
balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Supplemental
cash flow and other information related to leases was as follows: 

ROU
 assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: 

Leases 

Weighted
 average remaining lease term (in months): 

Weighted
 average discount rate: 

Total
future minimum payments required under the lease obligations as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

of Healthcare Triangle Inc as of December 31, 2022. 

 The
Company entered into a Master Service Agreement, Shared Services Agreement and Rental Sublease Agreement with its parent. As per the
Master Services Agreement, parent provides technical resources according to the statement of work from the Company. The initial term
of the agreement is twenty-four months, which is extendable based on mutual consent. The parent charges for the services at cost. The
Company received services amounting to and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. The Company has
paid for these services during the year. 

 As
per the terms of the Shared Services and Rental Sublease Agreement, the cost incurred by the parent on behalf of the Company are settled
at cost. The Shared Services Agreement includes Development infrastructure, Sales support, Recruitment and Immigration support, Project
coordination, HR and Operation support, Management /Advisory services. The Company received services amounting to and for the
year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. The Company has paid for these services during the year. 

 The
Company does not have any signed lease agreement on its name and currently operates from two office locations leased by the Parent. The
Company has entered into a sublease agreement with the Parent and paid rent of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and
2021 respectively. 

 The
Company has made of sale from related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 The
Company has acquired intangibles of from related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

 The
balance receivable from related parties as of December 31, 2022, was and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . The amount
represents advance payment towards project related services. 

 The
balance in Accounts receivable from related parties as of December 31, 2022, was and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . 

consisting of; 

 1.
 payable to the Seller in cash on the Closing Date; 

 2.
 worth of equity of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock whereby the number of shares of common stock
issuable to Mr. Deokule will be calculated by dividing by the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock
as reported by Bloomberg Financial Markets or if Bloomberg Financial Markets is not then reporting such prices, by a comparable reporting
service of national reputation VWAP for the 20 trading days immediately prior to the closing date of the Transaction.
Such shares of common stock were issued as follows: 

 a)
 shares of unvested Common Stock were issued to the Seller, which shall vest upon Devcool meeting one of two gross revenue targets
set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement; and 

 b)
 shares of unvested Common Stock were issued as retention bonus to certain key personnel of Devcool to be retained by Devcool post-Closing
(the Retention Personnel ), subject to the Retention Personnel continuing to perform services to Devcool (or its affiliates)
up to and through the second anniversary of the closing date, which shares shall vest equally monthly on the corresponding day of the
closing date over a period of 24 successive months; and 

 3.
A sum of up to as post-closing earnout payment (the Earnout ), subject to Devcool s achievement of the applicable
yearly earnout targets set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement, which Earnout shall be payable as follows: 

 a)
up to worth of Common Stock (calculated based on the average of the VWAPs for the 20 trading days immediately prior to December
31, 2022) issuable to SD or the Seller as SD s nominee for achievement of the Year 1 Equity Earnout (as defined in Annexure B to
the Share Purchase Agreement); 

 b)
 up to payable to the Seller or its nominees in cash upon achieving the Year 1 Cash Earnout;
and 

 c)
up to worth of Common Stock (calculated based on the average of the VWAPs for the 20 trading days immediately prior to December
31, 2023) issuable to SD or the Seller as SD s nominee for achievement of the Year 2 Equity Earnout (as defined in Annexure B to
the Share Purchase Agreement). 

 d)
 up to payable to the Seller or its nominees in cash upon achieving the Year 2 Cash Earnout;
and 

 4.
The Company also issued the Seller a secured non-interest-bearing promissory note in the principal amount of that matures on (the Note that reflects an amount owed to the Seller by the Company equal to the difference between the amount
of accrued and outstanding accounts receivable on the Closing Date less the amount of accrued and outstanding accounts payable on the
Closing Date. 

 Based
on the preliminary purchase price allocation, we recorded of goodwill which is not tax deductible. 

Presented
below is the summary of the foregoing acquisitions 

 Allocation
of purchase price 

Goodwill 

Working
 Capital 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Accounts
 Receivables 

Other
 Current Assets 

Other
 Current Assets 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 Payable 

Short
 term borrowing 

Other
 Current liabilities 

Current liabilities 

Net
 Working Capital Acquired 

Total
 Purchase price 

shares of its common stock, a Pre-Funded Warrant to purchase shares of the
Company s common Stock and Preferred Investment Options to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock pursuant
to the terms and conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 10, 2022. The Purchaser paid for each Share
and for each Warrant Share. 

 The
Purchaser also received the Preferred Investment Options. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Private Placement were
approximately , before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses. The net proceeds from the private placement
amounts to . 

 The
Company repurchased its common shares in the following months as part of share repurchase program announced on June 21, 2022. 

August, 2022 

September, 2022 

October, 2022 

November, 2022 

December, 2022 

Total 

of convertible notes Convertible Notes bearing interest at 
per annum and warrants to purchase our common stock Warrants ). All of the Convertible Notes have been either repaid
or converted into equity prior to December 31, 2021. Interest expenses on convertible note for the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 and 
for December 31, 2021. 

B. Common
Stock Warrants 

 In
connection with the issuance of Convertible Notes, the Company also issued Warrants to each holder of Convertible Notes which entitles
the holder thereof to purchase a number of shares of our common stock equal to 50 of the number of shares that Convertible Note issued
with such Warrant is convertible into at a price equal to per share. 

 The
warrants are subject to certain customary adjustments in the event of stock dividends and splits, issuance of options, subsequent rights
offerings, and pro rata distributions. 

 Warrant
holders have piggyback registration rights as set forth therein and a breach of such rights with respect to any Warrant
would result in an increase by 25 of the shares of our common stock underlying such Warrant. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, none of the warrants have been exercised by the note holders and hence no proceeds have been received towards any
of the warrants. The Warrants have been valued using the Black-Scholes-Merton Option BSM pricing model that is based
on the individual characteristics of the warrants on the valuation date, which include the Company s stock fair value and assumptions
for expected volatility, expected life and risk-free interest rate, as well as the present value of the minimum cash payment component
of the instrument for the warrants, when applicable. Changes in the assumptions used could have a material impact on the resulting fair
value of each warrant. The primary inputs affecting the value of the warrant liability are the Company s stock price and volatility
in the Company s stock price, as well as assumptions about the probability and timing of certain events, such as a change in control
or future equity offerings. Increases in the fair value of the underlying stock or increases in the volatility of the stock price generally
result in a corresponding increase in the fair value of the warrant liability; conversely, decreases in the fair value of the underlying
stock or decreases in the volatility of the stock price generally result in a corresponding decrease in the fair value of the warrant
liability. 

Granted 

Excised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding on December 31, 2022 

Exercisable on December 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes the activities for our unvested warrants for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested on December 31, 2022 

The
Company has recognized cost of 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 C. Warrant
Liability 

 The
Company has allocated the proceeds from Convertible note between promissory notes and warrants; as of December 31, 2022, the Company
has reported a Warrant liability of at fair value, with subsequent changes in their respective fair values recognized in the consolidated
statement of operations at each reporting date. 

 The
fair value of the warrant liabilities was measured using a binomial lattice model. Significant inputs into the model at the inception
and reporting period measurement dates are as follows: 

Exercise
 price 

Expected
 volatility 

- 

Expected
 terms (in years) 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

- 

Dividend
 Yield 

D.
Payroll protection program loan 

 The company
received payroll protection program loan (PPP) 2 nd tranche on February 9, 2021. The Company has obtained approval for waiver from the
lender and recognized an amount of as other income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 E. Short
Term borrowing 

 The
Company has obtained a credit facility from Seacoast business funding (SBF) a division of Seacoast National Bank during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The funding is against the accounts receivables of the company and its subsidiary. The SBF facility charges
an interest of prime rate plus 
on a floating basis. The balance as of December 31,2022, is 
and for the period ended December 31, 2021. 

 The
Company also issued the Seller a secured non-interest-bearing promissory note in the principal amount of that matures on (the Note that reflects an amount owed to the Seller by the Company equal to the difference between the amount
of accrued and outstanding accounts receivable on the Closing Date less the amount of accrued and outstanding accounts payable on the
Closing Date. The Company has repaid during the year ended December 31, 2022 the balance amount outstanding as of December 31,
2022 is 0. 

Stock-based compensation 

Other income (PPP loan forgiveness) 

Fair Value of Warrant 

Total Deferred tax asset 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset. net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net Deferred tax asset 

Income
tax expense (benefit) was computed as follows: 

Total
 Income taxes ,Current provision 

Deferred
 Income taxes (benefit) 

Total
 Income expenses/ (benefit) 

The
Company s effective tax rate is for the year ended December 31, 2022 and and for the year ended December 31, 2021 The future
effective income tax rate depends on various factors, such as the Company s income / (loss) before taxes, tax legislation and the
geographic composition of pre-tax income. 

 The
Company files a consolidated federal tax return with its parent and records its share of the consolidated federal tax expense on a separate
return basis. The Company s current tax expense is . There is no liability in 2021 on account of losses. 

The
Company s federal and state income tax returns are generally subject to possible examination by the taxing authorities until the
expiration of the related statute of limitations on those tax returns which is generally three years from the original filing deadline.
The Company regularly reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability based on historical taxable income, projected future taxable
income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing taxable temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company s
judgment regarding future profitability may change due to many factors, including future market conditions and the ability to successfully
execute the business plans and/or tax planning strategies. Should there be a change in the ability to recover deferred tax assets, the
Company s income tax provision would increase or decrease in the period in which the assessment is changed. 

Historically
for all periods prior to our IPO, given the absence of a public trading market for our common stock, and in accordance with the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation,
we exercised reasonable judgment and considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the best estimate of the fair
value of our common stock including: 

contemporaneous
 valuations performed at periodic intervals by unrelated third-party specialists 

contemporaneous
 valuations performed at periodic intervals by unrelated third-party specialists 

our
 actual operating and financial performance. 

relevant
 precedent transactions involving our capital stock; 

likelihood
 of achieving a liquidity event, such as an initial public offering or a sale of our company given prevailing market conditions and
 the nature and history of our business; 

market
 multiples of comparable companies in our industry; 

stage
 of development. 

industry
 information such as market size and growth; 

illiquidity
 of stock-based awards involving securities in a private company; and 

macroeconomic
 conditions. 

In
valuing our common stock prior to our IPO, our board of directors determined the enterprise value of our company using both the income
approach and market approach valuation methods. The income approach estimates value based on the expectation of future cash flows that
a company will generate. These future cash flows are discounted to their present values using a discount rate based on the cost of capital
at a company s stage of development. The market approach estimates value based on a comparison of the subject company to comparable
public companies in a similar line of business. From the comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is determined and
then applied to the subject company s financial results to estimate the enterprise value of the subject company. 

A summary
of option activity under the employee share option plan as of December 31, 2022, and changes during the year then ended is presented
below. 

Incentive Stock Options (ISO) 

Non-Qualified Stock Options (NSO) 

Cancelled/expired 

Balance outstanding on December 31, 2022 

Balance available under the plan on December 31,2022 

The
following table summarizes the activities for our unvested options for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Unvested on December 31,2022 

The
weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and ,
respectively. The fair value as of the respective vesting dates of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021, was and , respectively. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized share-based compensation expense related to unvested options. This unrecognized
compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately two years based on vesting
under the award service conditions. 

 The
company issued and valued options using the Black-Scholes model for all 2022 and 2021 issuances with the following significant assumptions 

 - 

- 

Expected
 terms (in years) 

Risk-free
 interest rate 
 
 - 

- 

Dividend
 Yield 

The
Company recognized compensation expenses related to stock options of during the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

 warranties that are excisable at weighted average price of on December 31, 2022, and warrant that are
excisable at weighted average price of at December 31,2021. 

 The
company has 
options that are vested and excisable on December 31,2022 and none on December 31,2021. 

) 

Weighted
 average shares outstanding used in basic per common share computations 

Basic
 / Dilutive EPS 

) 

) 

80 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

 None 

 Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

 Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Disclosure
controls and procedures are the controls and other procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required
to be disclosed by the issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management,
including the principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 

 We
have carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act as of
December 31, 2022. 

 Based
on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based
on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over
financial reporting was effective . 

 Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

 There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 Item
9B. Other Information 

 None. 

 Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

 None. 

81 

PART
III 

 Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

 The following
are our executive officers and directors and their respective ages and positions as of March 28, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Dave
 Rosa 
 58 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Suresh Venkatachari 
 55 
 Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 
 Roy Sookhoo 
 63 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Thyagarajan
 Ramachandran 
 47 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Lakshmanan
 Kannappan 
 55 
 Head
 of Strategic Partnership and Director 
 
 Shibu
 Kizhakevilayil 
 50 
 Head
 of M A and Director 
 
 Ronald
 McClurg 
 63 
 Director 
 
 Paige
 Heaphy 
 51 
 Director 
 
 Jainal
 Bhuiyan 
 40 
 Director 

(1) Mr. Venkatachari
has been suspended by the Board from all of his duties as chief executive officer and currently has no involvement in the managmenent
of the Company. For more details see the disclosure under the subheading Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
below. 

 Dave
Rosa 

 Mr.
Rosa has served as a member of our board of directors since August 2021. Since 2016, Mr. Rosa has been and currently is President and
CEO of NeuroOne Medical Technologies (NMTC: Nasdaq), a publicly traded company on the Nasdaq. He also serves on the boards of Biotricity
(BTCY: OTC), a publicly traded company on the Over the Counter (OTC) platform, where he currently serves as compensation committee chairman
and Neuro Event Labs, a privately held company in Finland, where he currently serves as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Rosa has over
25 years of experience holding a variety of senior management roles representing several medical device markets. His recent experience
includes developing early-stage companies to commercialization and Nasdaq listing. Mr. Rosa holds a Master of Business Administration
degree from Duquesne University and Bachelor of Science degree in Commerce and Engineering from Drexel University. 

 We
believe that Mr. Dave is well qualified to serve as chairman of the Board of Directors. With his entrepreneurial, leadership, operational
and capital markets experience. 

 Roy Sookhoo 

 Mr. Sookhoo became our Chief Operating Officer on
January 25, 2023. Prior to his joining HTI, Mr. Sookhoo was the Chief Information Officer for the University of New Mexico Sciences Center
from July 2020 to August 2022 where he led all aspects of infrastructure and application technology including data centers, cybersecurity,
desktop computing, data and voice networks, cloud strategy, IT performance metrics, service desk, disaster recovery, and business continuity.
From January 2019 to April 2020, Mr. Sookhoo served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer and Information Security
Officer for Coordinated Health, a part of Lehigh Valley Health Network, Allentown, Pennsylvania, and from September 2016 to January 2019,
he was the Vice President and Chief Information Officer at the SUNY Downstate Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York. Prior thereto, he
advanced in other positions of responsibility in healthcare information technology. Mr. Sookhoo earned an Executive Master of Business
Administration from Columbia University, a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from Brigham Young University and a Master of Science
Degree from National University, San Diego, California. 

 We believe Mr. Sookhoo is well
qualified to serve as COO due to his prior information technology executive experience in large and small institutions. 

82 

Thyagarajan
Ramachandran 

 Mr.
Ramachandran has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September
2021. In his current role as CFO at HTI, he is responsible for communication of HTI s strategy, financial and business performance,
US GAAP accounting, Corporate Governance and Investor Relations. He is a senior industry leader with around 25 years of experience across
Strategic Management, M A, Fund Raising, Business Partnering, Corporate Governance and Financial Accounting. He has managed multiple
cross-industry CFO positions dealing with PE and Institutional investors. Mr. Ramachandran is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
of India (ACA), a member of the Institute of Cost and Management Accountants of India (CMA) and a bachelor s in finance from Chennai
University. 

 We
believe Mr. Ramachandran is well qualified to lead as CFO due to his prior financial management experience in running both private and
public limited companies and expertise in financial accounting, internal controls and corporate governance. 

 Lakshmanan
Kannappan 

 Mr.
Kannappan has served as a Head of Strategic Partnerships and a member of our Board since October 2019. He has been the Chief Operating
Officer and Head of Cloud, Identity, and Access Management business for SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. since 2013. Mr. Kannappan is a
visionary leader who directs the business/ technology operations, product management, and strategic partnerships for SecureKloud. He
founded FuGen Solutions acquired by SecureKloud in 2013, is a serial entrepreneur with 25+ years of software industry experience, and
also supports investments and M A activities for SecureKloud. He is also one of the original founders of SAML 2.0 protocol and Federated
Identity Management model for the industry while at Orange-France Telecom, which changed the way Identity Information is shared between
Service Providers and enabled the huge success of SaaS, Cloud and Social Networking. Mr. Kannappan has played senior technical, business,
and managerial roles in various segments including B2B, healthcare, eCommerce, Telecom, Digital Identity Management systems, Cyber Security,
and Cloud. He is a regular invited speaker in industry-related events. Mr. Kannappan holds Master s in Electrical Engineering from
Anna University, India and Bachelor s in Electronics and Instrumentation from Annamalai University, India. He sits on the University
of Chicago s California Advisory Council since 2015 

 Shibu
Kizhakevilayil 

 Mr.
Kizhakevilayil has served as Head of M A and a member of our Board since October 2019. In his role as Global healthcare President,
he was leading the healthcare division of SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. from 2015 to 2020 and was also instrumental in identifying,
acquiring, and integrating healthcare IT companies. Mr. Kizhakevilayil had successfully built and sold 3 IT consulting companies specializing
in enterprise content management, data warehousing, and business intelligence solutions in his earlier career. He has over 20 years of
experience in the IT industry with expertise in the healthcare domain. He serves as a member of the Board of several private companies.
Shibu holds a bachelor s degree in Mechanical Engineering from College of Engineering Trivandrum, India. 

 We
believe that Mr. Kizhakevilayil is qualified to serve as a member of our Board based on his outstanding skills and unique experience
in IT industry in connection with healthcare domain. 

83 

Ronald
McClurg 

 Mr.
McClurg has over 30 years of financial leadership experience with public and private companies. Mr. McClurg has served as
Chief Financial Officer of NeuroOne Medical Technologies Corp. (Nasdaq: NMTC) since January 2021. Prior to joining NeuroOne, from
October 2003 to June 2019, Mr. McClurg served as VP Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer of
Incisive Surgical, Inc., a privately-held medical device manufacturer. Prior to 2003, Mr. McClurg served as Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer of Wavecrest Corporation, a privately-held manufacturer of electronic test instruments for the semiconductor industry,
and served as Chief Financial Officer for several publicly-held companies, including Video Sentry Corporation, Insignia Systems, Inc.
(Nasdaq: ISIG), and Orthomet, Inc. Currently, he serves on the board of governors of Biomagnetic Sciences, LLC and serves as a director
and audit committee chair for Biotricity, Inc. (Nasdaq: BTCY). Mr. McClurg holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in
accounting from the University of Wisconsin Eau Claire. 

 We believe
that Mr. Ronald McClurg is qualified to serve as a member of our Board based on his outstanding skills and unique experience in Finance
domain with public companies. 

 Paige
Heaphy 

 Ms. Paige
is an executive leader with 20 years of healthcare operations and strategy experience. 

 Ms.
Paige worked previously at Cedars-Sinai Health System in Los Angeles where, during her 15 year tenure, she held several leadership
positions that focused on: performance improvement; patient safety; data and analytics; IT implementations. She moved from
Cedars-Sinai to become Vice President at Henry Mayo Newhall Hospital in Los Angeles where she had additional responsibility for
compliance, risk management, strategy and business development and other operational departments. Since 2019, Paige has been Chief
Integration and Experience Officer at GYANT, a digital healthcare company. She is also the company s Privacy
Officer. 

 Ms.
Paige received her Bachelor of Science Degree from the University of California, San Diego and her Master of Science Degree in
Public Health from the University of North Carolina. She is a Fellow in the American College of Healthcare Executives
(FACHE). 

 We
believe that Ms. Paige Heaphy is qualified to serve as a member of our Board based on his outstanding skills and unique experience in
compliance, risk management, strategy and business development. 

 Jainal
Bhuiyan 

 Mr.
Jainal is currently a Senior Managing Director in investment banking at Paulson Investment Company. Prior to Paulson he was a
partner at HRA Capital, a boutique investment bank he co-founded in 2012. 

 Over
the course of his 18 years of healthcare investment banking and capital markets experience, he has advised private and public healthcare
companies from start-ups to commercially mature enterprises, totaling more than 3B in transactions. He holds FINRA Series 7, Series
63 and Series 79 licenses. 

 We
believe that Mr. Jainal Bhuiyan is qualified to serve as a member of our Board based on his outstanding skills and unique experience
in investment banking in healthcare sector. 

 Board
of Directors 

 Our
business and affairs are managed under the direction of our board of directors. Our board of directors currently consists of Six (6)
members, four (4) of whom qualify as independent under the listing standards of Nasdaq. 

 Directors
serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year
until the meeting of the Board following the annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. 

84 

Board
Leadership Structure and Risk Oversight 

 The
Board oversees our business and considers the risks associated with our business strategy and decisions. The Board currently implements
its risk oversight function as a whole. Each of the Board committees, as set forth below, will also provide risk oversight in respect
of its areas of concentration and reports material risks to the board for further consideration. 

 Director
Independence 

 Our
board of directors are composed of a majority of independent directors as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Nasdaq Listing
Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee of the company
or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company s Board, would interfere with the exercise of
independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. 

 Under
such definition, our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director. Based on information provided by each director
concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, our Board has determined that and Dave Rosa are all independent directors
of the Company. 

 Board
Committees 

 Our
board of directors has established three standing committees, audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance
committee, each of which operate under a charter that has been approved by our board of directors. We have appointed persons to the board
of directors and committees of the board of directors as required meeting the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq Listing
Rules. 

85 

Audit
Committee 

 We
have established an audit committee consisting of Ronald McClurg, Jainal Bhuiyan, Dave Rosa and Ronald McClurg is the Chairman of the
audit committee. In addition, our Board has determined that Ronald McClurg is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning
of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. The audit committee s
duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board
 whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual disclosure report; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
 of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
 for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the
 services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and
 the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls
 or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 

The
audit committee is composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined
under the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and
understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

86 

Compensation
Committee 

 We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors to consist of Dave Rosa, Ronald McClurg, and Paige Heaphy each of
whom is an independent director. Dave Rosa is the Chairman of the Compensation Committee. Each member of our compensation committee is
also a non-employee director, as defined under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and an outside director, as defined pursuant
to Section 162(m) of the Code. Dave Rosa is the chairman of the compensation committee. The compensation committee s duties, which
are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviews,
 approves and determines, or makes recommendations to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administers
 our equity compensation plans; 

reviews
 and approves, or makes recommendations to our board of directors, regarding incentive compensation and equity compensation plans;
 and 

establishes
 and reviews general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

 We have established a nominating
and corporate governance committee consisting of Paige Heaphy, Ronald McClurg, Jainal Bhuiyan ,
and Paige Heaphy, is the Chairman of the Nominating and corporate governance committee. The committee s duties, which are specified
in our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

identifying,
 reviewing and evaluating candidates to serve on our board of directors consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

evaluating
 director performance on our board of directors and applicable committees of our board of directors and determining whether continued
 service on our board of directors is appropriate 

evaluating
 nominations by stockholders of candidates for election to our board of directors; and 

corporate
 governance matters 

87 

Code
of Ethics 

 Our
Board has adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics Code that applies to our directors, officers and employees,
including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing
similar functions. The Code is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees and is available on our corporate website,
www.applieduvinc.com. We intend to disclose any amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements,
on our website or in filings under the Exchange Act to the extent required by applicable rules and exchange requirements. 

 Family
Relationships 

 There
are no family relationships among the officers and directors, nor are there any arrangements or understanding between any of the Directors
or Officers of our Company or any other person pursuant to which any Officer or Director was or is to be selected as an officer or director. 

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

 Except as set forth below, none
of our other directors, executive officers, significant employees or control persons have been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

 On December 16, 2022, the Securities and
Exchange Board of India SEBI ), India s federal securities regulator, issued an order Order that:
(i) restrained SecureKloud Technologies Ltd. SecureKloud ), the majority owner of our Parent and our Chief Executive Officer,
Mr. Suresh Venkatachari, from accessing the Indian securities market in any manner whatsoever, and further prohibited him from buying,
selling or otherwise dealing in securities, directly or indirectly, in any manner, whatsoever, for a period of three years; (ii) prohibited
Mr. Venkatachari from being associated with the securities market in any manner whatsoever, including as a director or Key Managerial
Personnel (as defined in section 2(51) of the Indian Companies Act 2013) in a listed company or an intermediary registered with
SEBI, for a period of one year; (iii) imposed a penalty on Mr. Venkatachari of 30,000,000 rupees (equal to approximately 361,597.47 at
an exchange rate of one United States dollar to 82.9652 Indian rupees as of December 22, 2022); and (iv) imposed a penalty on SecureKloud
of 40,000,000 rupees (or approximately 481,884.98). The Order came into effect on January 16, 2023. 

 SEBI s investigation originated from
a report to the Indian Ministry of Corporate Affairs by, and the resignation of, Deloitte, Haskins Sells Deloitte as SecureKloud s statutory auditors in 2019. Deloitte alleged irregularities in SecureKloud s financial statements, inconsistencies
in its revenue recognition policies with the applicable international financial reporting standards, and the existence and non-disclosure
of related party transactions. 

 The Order resulted from an interim order-cum-show
cause notice dated August 4, 2022 from the SEBI against SecureKloud and three other persons (Mr. Venkatachari and two individuals who
are not directors, officers or employees of the Company). SecureKloud is a public listed company in India and the shares of SecureKloud
are listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange and on the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. Mr. Venkatachari, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer was, at the time the Order was issued, a director and the Chief Executive Officer of SecureKloud and currently owns 42.1 of SecureKloud. 

88 

The imposition of the prohibitions and financial
penalties resulted from a finding by the SEBI that SecureKloud and/or Mr. Venkatachari: (i) manipulated SecureKloud s books of accounts
or financial statements by, among other things, overstating revenues and receivables, expenses and payables, and fixed assets and consultancy
charges; (ii) siphoned funds amounting to 38,300,000 rupees (approximately 461,530) from the company; and (iii) violations of related
party disclosures, false quarterly disclosures and false submissions to the SEBI, and non-cooperation of SecureKloud in the investigation. 

 Mr. Venkatachari has informed the Board of
Directors of Healthcare Triangle that he believes that the Order is wholly without merit and has, through his attorneys in India, appealed
the ruling to the Securities Appellant Tribunal of the Ministry of Finance. Mr. Venkatachari further believes that he will succeed in
having the Order overturned and negated. 

 In no instance was any allegation or finding
by the SEBI related to Mr. Venkatachari s role as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, nor is the
Company the subject or target of the SEBI s investigation or Order. 

 Consequently, at a meeting
of the Board of Directors of Healthcare Triangle, Inc. on December 23, 2022, the Board unanimously voted to suspend Mr. Venkatachari
from his roles as the Company s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer effective immediately and until further notice.
Senior management of the Company will assume Mr. Venkatachari s duties during his suspension until an interim Chief Executive Officer
can be appointed. Mr. Venkatachari has subsequently resigned from the Board. 

 Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports 

 Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of our outstanding shares
of common stock Ten Percent Holders to file with the SEC reports of their share ownership and changes in their share
ownership of our common stock. Directors, executive officers and Ten Percent Holders are also required to furnish us with copies of all
ownership reports they file with the SEC. To our knowledge, none of our directors, executive officers and Ten Percent Holders failed
to comply with anySection 16(a) filing requirements during fiscal 2022.. 

 Item
11. Executive Compensation 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

 The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 to our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer), our Chief Financial Officer, and our Senior Vice President,
Sales. We refer to these individuals as our named executive officers. : 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 (Salary) 
 
 (Bonus) 
 
 (Stock
 Awards )) 
 
 Option
 Awards( 
 
 Total
 ) 
 
 Suresh
 Venkatachari, 

2022 

294,000 

47,500 
 (1) 

341,500 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

2021 

240,000 

6,000 
 (1) 

100,000 
 (1) 

346,000 

Thyagarajan
 Ramachandran 

2022 

121,035 

121,035 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

2021 

86,980 

86,980 

Anand
 Kumar 

2022 

269,841 

269,841 

Vice
 President, Sales 

2021 

240,000 

20,000 

260,800 

(1) 
 
 Represents 250,000 shares of common stock issued in 2021 at 0.40 and 2022
at 0.19 and vested immediately to Mr Venkatachari pursuant the terms of his employment agreement and 150,000 options issued under the
Plan of which 75,000 options have vested in FY 2022 

(2) 
 
 Represents 6,000 shares of Series A Super Voting Preferred Shares the Mr.
Venkatachari received pursuant the terms of his employment agreement. 

89 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

 The
following table summarizes the number of shares of common stock underlying outstanding equity incentive plan awards for each named executive
officer as of December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 Grant
 Date 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Option
 Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option
 Expiration Date 
 
 Suresh
 Venkatachari 
 01/01/2021 

75,000 

75,000 

0.40 

01/01/2026 

07/01/2021 

250,000 

- 

0.40 

07/12/2026 

11/09/2022 

250,000 

- 

0.19 

11/09/2027 
 
 Thyagarajan
 Ramachandran 
 01/01/2021 

37,500 

37,500 

0.40 

12/31/2024 

11/09/2022 

12,500 

62,500 

0.19 

11/09/2027 
 
 Anand
 Kumar 
 01/01/2021 

33,500 

33,500 

0.40 

01/01/2031 

Director
Compensation Table 

 The
following table provides information concerning compensation paid to our directors during fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fee
 Earned / Paid in Cash 
 
 Options 
 
 Others 
 
 Total

Jeff
 Mathiesen 

21,875 

12,540 

34,415 

April
 Bjornstad 

23,750 

57,540 

81,290 

Brendan
 Gallagher 

9,167 

45,000 

54,167 

John
 Leo 

31,042 

48,800 

79,842 

Dave
 Rosa 

30,000 

57,540 

87,540 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

 The
table below sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the common stock by (i) our directors and named executive officers;
(ii) all the named executives and directors as a group and (iii) any other person or group that to our knowledge beneficially owns more
than five percent of our outstanding shares of common stock. 

 We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person
is the beneficial owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct
the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Shares of common stock subject to options that are currently
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 07, 2022 are deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding
the options. Shares issuable pursuant to stock options or warrants are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the
person holding such options or warrants, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below will have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they will beneficially own, subject
to applicable community property laws. 

90 

The
information contained in this table is as of March 03, 2023. At that date, 41,709,531 shares of our common stock were outstanding. 

Number
 of Shares 
 Beneficially Owned 
 
 Beneficial
Ownership Percentages 
 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Title 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Series
 A Super Voting Preferred 
 Stock (2) 
 
 Percent
 of 
 Common 
 Stock 
 
 Percent
 of 
 Series A Super Voting Preferred 
 Stock 
 
 Percent
 of Voting Stock (3) 
 
 Officers
 and Directors 

Suresh
 Venkatachari, 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 750,000 

6,000 

1.8 

100 

14.1 

Thyagarajan
 Ramachandran 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 100,000 

Anand
 Kumar 
 Senior
 Vice President, Sales 
 
 150,000 

Lakshmanan
 Kannappan 
 Director 
 
 200,000 

Shibu
 Kizhakevilayil 
 Director 
 
 200,000 

Ronald
 McClurg 
 Director 

Paige
 Heaphy 
 Director 

Jainal
 Bhuiyan 
 Director 

Dave
 Rosa 
 Director 

Officers
 and Directors as a Group (total of 2 persons) 

1,400,000 

6,000 

7.2 

100 

15.5 

5 
 Stockholders 

SecureKloud
 Technologies, Inc. (4) 

25,500,000 

61.14 

N/A 

53.5 

Suresh
 Venkatachari 

N/A 

6,000 

N/ 

100 

100 

Less
than 1 . 

(1) 
 
 The
 principal address of the named officers, directors and 5 stockholders of the Company is c/o Healthcare Triangle, Inc., 7901 Stoneridge
 Drive, Suite # 220, Pleasanton, CA 94588. 

(2) 
 
 Entitles
 the holder to 1,000 votes per share and votes with the common stock as a single class. 

(3) 
 
 Represents
 total ownership percentage with respect to all shares of common stock and Series A Super Voting Preferred Stock, as a single class 

(4) 
 
 SecureKloud
 Technologies, Inc. is 65.2 owned by SecureKloud Technologies Limited which is a publicly traded company in India. 

91 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 

 We
have engaged in the following related party transactions with the Parent. 

 The Company entered into a Master
Service Agreement, Shared Services Agreement and Rental Sublease Agreement with its Parent. As per the Master Services Agreement, parent
provides technical resources according to the statement of work from the Company. The initial term of the agreement is twenty-four months
which is extendable based on mutual consent. The Parent charges for the services at cost. The Company received services amounting to 14,063
and 13,810 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. The Company has paid for these services during the year. 

 As per the terms of the Shared
Services and Rental Sublease Agreement, the cost incurred by the Parent on behalf of the Company are settled at cost. The Shared Services
Agreement includes Development infrastructure, Sales support, Recruitment and Immigration support, Project coordination, HR and Operation
support, Management /Advisory services. The Company received services amounting to 197 and 197 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
and 2021 respectively. The Company has paid for these services during the year. 

 The Company does not have any
signed lease agreement in its name and currently operates from two office locations leased by the Parent. The Company has entered into
a sublease agreement with the Parent and paid rent of 180 and 180 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

 The Company has made 479 of
sales to related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 3,710 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 The
Company has acquired intangibles of 3,279 from related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 3,050 for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

 The
balance receivable from related parties as of December 31, 2022, was 1,075 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 816. The amount
represents advance payment towards project related services. 

 The
balance in Accounts receivable from related parties as of December 31, 2022, was 545 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 1,936. 

 Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

 Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

 Ram
Associates, CPAS Ram served as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our books and accounts for
the fiscal years ending December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

 On
January 25, 2023, the Board of Directors Board of Healthcare Triangle, Inc. (the Company 
or HTI engaged BF Borgers CPA PC Borgers as the Company s independent certified public
accountant to audit the Company s financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 The
table below presents the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by Ram and Borgers for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021. 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 

155,875 

74,500 

Audit-related
 fees 

All
 other fees 

10,000 

5,000 

Total
 fess 

165,875 

79,500 

In
the above table, audit fees are fees billed for services provided related to the audit of our annual financial statements,
quarterly reviews of our interim financial statements, and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection with
regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees that
are billed by the independent accountant for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements. These audit-related fees also consist of the review of our registration statements filed with
the SEC and related services normally provided in connection with regulatory filings or engagements. All other fees are
fees billed by the independent accountant for products and services not included in the foregoing categories. 

92 

PART
IV 

 Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

 (a)
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

 (1)
The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 (2) The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

 (3) The
exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 

 (b) Exhibits 

 See the
Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report. 

93 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation of the Company 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws
 of the Company 
 
 3.3 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company 
 
 3.4 
 Series
 A Super Voting Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation 
 
 3.5 
 Series
 A Super Voting Preferred Stock Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations 
 
 4.1 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant in connection with the Company s initial public offering 
 
 10.1 
 Asset
 Transfer Agreement, dated January 1, 2020 between the Company and SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.2 
 Equity
 Purchase Agreement, dated May 8, 2020 between the Company and SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.3 
 Form
 of Common Stock Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.4 
 Form
 of 10 Convertible Promissory Note issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.5 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.6 
 The
 Company s 2020 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.7 
 Form
 of Grant 
 
 10.8 
 Master Services Agreement dated January 1, 2021 between the Company and SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.9 
 Shared Services Agreement dated January 1, 2021 between the Company and SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 10.10 
 Rental Sublease Agreement dated January 14, 2021 between SecureKloud Technologies, Inc. and the Company 
 
 10.11 
 Employment
 Agreement dated July 12, 2021 between the Company and Suresh Venkatachari 
 
 10.12 
 IT
 Master Services Agreement effective as of May 1, 2017 between F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and the Company 
 
 10.13 
 Form
 of Statement of Work under Master Services Agreement between F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and the Company 
 
 10.14 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued to the Placement Agent for the Note and Warrant Private Offering 
 
 10.15 
 Leak-Out
 Agreement dated September 27, 2021 between Alchemy Advisor, LLC and the Company 
 
 10.16 
 Leak-Out
 Agreement dated September 27, 2021 between Target Capital, LLC and the Company 
 
 10.17 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated December 18, 2020, Between the Company and Alchemy Advisors LLC 
 
 10.18 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement, dated December 10, 2021, among Healthcare Triangle, Inc., Devcool, Inc., Go To Assistance Inc., and Mr. Sandeep
 Deokule. 
 
 10.19 
 Promissory Note, dated December 10, 2021 made to Go To Assistance Inc. 
 
 10.20 
 Consulting Agreement dated December 10, 2021 between the Company and Sandeep Deokule 
 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Company 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed
herewith 

 Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-259180), filed with the SEC on October 8, 2020. 

 Incorporated
by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2021. 

 Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2
are being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject
to the liability of that section, nor shall such exhibits be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or
other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as otherwise specifically stated in such
filing. 

94 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Healthcare
 Triangle, Inc. 

Date: 
 March
 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
Roy Sookhoo 

Roy Sookhoo 

Chief Operating Officer (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on March 28, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Dave Rosa 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 Dave
 Rosa 

/s/
 Thyagarajan Ramachandran 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 Thyagarajan
 Ramachandran 

/s/
 Lakshmanan Kannappan 
 
 Director 
 
 Lakshmanan
 Kannappan 

/s/
 Shibu Kizhakevilayil 
 
 Director 
 
 Shibu
 Kizhakevilayil 

/s/
 Ronald McClurg 
 
 Director 
 
 Ronald
 McClurg 

/s/
 Paige Heaphy 
 
 Director 
 
 Paige
 Heaphy 

/s/
 Jainal Bhuiyan 
 
 Director 
 
 Jainal
 Bhuiyan 

/s/
 Roy Sookhoo 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 Roy Sookhoo 

95 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

CERTIFICATION
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

 I, Roy Sookhoo, certify
that: 

 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Healthcare Triangle, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 By: /s/Roy Sookhoo 

 Name: Roy Sookhoo 

 Title: Chief Operating Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

CERTIFICATION
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 

 I, Thyagarajan Ramachandran,
certify that: 

 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Healthcare Triangle, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my
knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 By: /s/ Thyagarajan Ramachandran 

 Name: Thyagarajan Ramachandran 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

 In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Healthcare Triangle, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

 By: /s/ Roy Sookhoo 

 Name: Roy Sookhoo 

 Title: Chief Operating Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION 

 Pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

 In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Healthcare Triangle, Inc. (the Company for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 Date: March 28, 2023 

 By: /s/ Thyagarajan Ramachandran 

 Name: Thyagarajan Ramachandran 

 Title: Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hcti-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hcti-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hcti-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hcti-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-10.8>
 15
 ex10_8.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE INC. MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT 

 THIS
 Master Services Agreement (the Agreement is entered into as of 01 January, 2021 (the Effective Date by and between by and between Healthcare Triangle Inc., a Nevada corporation having its principal place of business 4309 Hacienda Dr,
Suite 150, Pleasanton, CA 94588, (the Company and Securekloud Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation having its
principal place of business at 4309 Hacienda Dr, Suite 150, Pleasanton, CA 94588, (the Supplier ). The Company and
the Supplier are hereinafter sometimes referred to as the Parties and individually as a Party . 
This Agreement is not a purchase commitment or request for delivery by Company of any Supplier services. Any services to be performed
under this Agreement by Supplier will be authorized only by signed Purchase Orders. 

 WHEREAS ,
Company is in the business of providing Healthcare and Life Sciences solutions using Cloud, Big Data, Security and Compliance related
consulting and managed services for various enterprise clients Client ). 

 WHEREAS ,
the Supplier has certain expertise in developing computer software products, providing Cloud devops, IT consulting and cloud managed
services. 

 WHEREAS ,
the Company desires to have Supplier develop for Company, and Supplier desires to develop for Company, certain computer software products
(the Developed Software and provide associated IT Development/Consulting/Managed Services Support (collectively,
the Services as described in Exhibit A , in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement 

 WHEREAS ,
it is the intent of the Parties that all transactions under this Agreement will fully comply with the letter and the spirit of all applicable
laws. 

 NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 

 1. Relationship of the Parties . The Parties will agree in advance on the terms and conditions under which the Supplier will offer its Services to Company. Such terms and conditions will be agreed to and set forth in the applicable statement of work Statement of Work or SOW ). The Parties agree that each Party will bear all of its costs associated with its obligations herewith. The Parties will act as independent contractors and neither Party will act as agent for or partner of the other Party for any purpose whatsoever, and the employees of one Party will not be deemed the employees of the other Party. Neither Party may bind the other Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. The Parties agree that this Agreement creates a relationship of trust and good faith between the Parties. 

2. Statement of Work . The Parties will execute one or more SOWs in materially the form attached hereto as Exhibit A . Each SOW will list the Services to be provided by the Supplier, the scope of the project, the agreed to fees to be charged by the Supplier for the Services (the Fees ), and the deliverables to be provided by the Supplier (the Deliverables ). Each SOW will incorporate the terms of this Agreement by reference. A SOW is not valid or effective unless signed by both Parties. A SOW may not be revised without the prior written consent of each of the Parties. A SOW will not be binding effective until signed by both of the Parties. Once signed, the SOW will be binding on both Parties. 

3. Term
of Agreement . The term of the Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and terminate in twenty-four (24) months (the Initial
Term unless terminated early or extended in accordance with the terms set forth below. Company may terminate this Agreement
at any time upon sixty (60) days prior notice to the Supplier. Should either Party default in the performance of this Agreement
or materially breach any of its obligations under this 

 Agreement,
the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement immediately if the breaching Party fails to cure the breach within thirty (30)
days after having received written notice by the non-breaching Party of the breach or default . This Agreement may be
terminated at any time upon the consent of both Parties. The Agreement will automatically extend for one (1) year periods
(each an Additional Term , and, with the Initial Term, collectively the Term unless either
Party notifies the other Party at least sixty (60) days before the end of the Term. 

 4. Fees and Invoicing . The Parties agree that Fees to be charged to by the Supplier for the Services will be set forth in the SOW. The Parties will agree in good faith on the Fees. Company will pay the Supplier s Fees for the Services within sixty (60) days of receipt of the invoice, unless otherwise agreed upon in an applicable SOW. Both Parties will be responsible for the payment of taxes associated with the payments they receive. 

5. Fees and Invoicing . The Parties agree that Fees to be charged to by the Supplier for the Services will be set forth in the SOW. The Parties will agree in good faith on the Fees. Company will pay the Supplier s Fees for the Services within sixty (60) days of receipt of the invoice, unless otherwise agreed upon in an applicable SOW. Both Parties will be responsible for the payment of taxes associated with the payments they receive. 

6. Limitation of Liability . 

No
Special Damages . TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR FRAUD, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, DEATH, BODILY INJURY, TANGIBLE
PROPERTY DAMAGE, INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, A PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, OR BREACH
OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, AND
DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNTS FOR (i) LOSS OF INCOME, GOODWILL, PROFIT, REVENUE, OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS OF THE OTHER PARTY OR
ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS, OR ii) INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, AND
DIRECTORS ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR
DAMAGES. 

Maximum Aggregate Liability. EXCEPT FOR FRAUD, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, DEATH, BODILY INJURY, TANGIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE, INFRINGEMENT OF
THIRD PARTIES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, A PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, OR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS,
IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, UNDER ANY
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE
TIMES (1X) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO
LIABILITY. 

 7. Maximum Aggregate Liability . EXCEPT FOR FRAUD, WILFUL MISCONDUCT, DEATH, BODILY INJURY, TANGIBLE PROPERTY DAMAGE, INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, A PARTY S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, OR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ITS SUBJECT MATTER, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE TIMES (1X) THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. 

8. Confidentiality of Proprietary Information . Each Party agrees not to disclose any confidential information of the other Party to any third party without the prior written consent of the other Party. Each Party agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the confidential information in the same manner that it maintains the confidentiality of its own confidential information. Each Party agrees not to directly or indirectly use or disclose any confidential information at any time except (i) in connection with the performance of its duties and obligations hereunder or (ii) as compelled by applicable law. Each Party agrees to keep the terms of this Agreement confidential. Each Party acknowledges, agrees, and understands that its obligations will continue until such time as the confidential information is publicly known, without fault any on the part of it. 

9. Non-Solicitation of Employees and Contractors . Each Party agrees that, during and for a period of two (2) years following termination of this Agreement, it will not, without the prior permission of the other Party, directly or indirectly, solicit or participate in the solicitation of or attempt to solicit the other Party s employees or contractors for the Party s own benefit or for the benefit of another person or entity. 

10. Miscellaneous . 

Assignment . Neither Party may assign, sublicense, delegate, or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may, without the consent of the other Party, assign this Agreement to an entity merging with, consolidating with, or purchasing substantially all its assets or stock, provided that the Party assuming obligations agrees to do so in writing and has adequate resources to meet its obligations hereunder. Any permitted assignment of this Agreement will be binding upon and enforceable by and against the Parties successors and assigns, provided that any unauthorized assignment will be null and void and constitute a breach of this Agreement. Supplier will be fully responsible for any and all actions and omissions of its subcontractors, whether or not Company has approved such subcontractors. 

Record Maintenance. Supplier agrees to maintain records for a period of three (3) years f ollowing the completion of services
provided hereunder which adequately substantiate the applicability and accuracy of all charges, as well as specific employee wage
and markup rates for such services. Supplier also agrees to produce such records for audit by Company upon the provision of
reasonable advance notice. The length of this record retention period may be increased via Attachments or Purchase Orders pertaining
to specific Client engagements. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, any exhibits and amendments thereto, any Statements of Work entered into concurrently with or in
connection with this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and supersede allp revious agreements, oral or
written, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended without the prior written consent
of both Parties. 

Entire Agreement. This Agreement, any exhibits and amendments thereto, any Statements of Work entered into concurrently with or in connection
with this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and supersede all previous agreements, oral or written, with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended without the prior written consent of both Parties. 

 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, any exhibits and amendments thereto, any Statements of Work entered into concurrently with or in connection with this Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the Parties and supersede all previous agreements, oral or written, with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not be amended without the prior written consent of both Parties. 

Insurance. Prior to the provision of services under this Agreement, and at its own expense, Supplier will obtain for itself and its employees, the following types and levels of insurance: 

a) Commercial General Liability insurance covering bodily injury, death, and property damage, arising from acts or omissions by Supplier or its employees, with a minimum limit of 1,000,000. 

b) Workers Compensation insurance, as required by law, including employer's liability insurance with a minimum limit of 100,000 per occurrence. 

c) Business automobile insurance covering bodily injury, death, and property damage with a minimum limit of 1,000,000 (if vehicle will be used in conjunction with services provided under this Agreement). 

d)
Professional errors and omissions liability insurance with minimum limits of 1,000,000 per occurrence and 1,000,000
aggregate. 

 e) Umbrella or Excess Liability insurance with limits not less than 2,000,000 per occurrence/aggregate, which shall provide additional limits for employers liability, general liability and automobile liability insurance. 

Limits
of liability may be increased by modification to this Agreement or to individual Purchase Orders depending upon Client specific requirements,
as applicable. Supplier agrees to name Company as an Additional Insured and will provide Company a copy of the Certificate of Insurance
prior to commencing any work under this Agreement. Supplier will also provide a copy of its insurance binder or policy. 

Limits of liability may be increased by modification to this Agreement or to individual Purchase Orders depending upon Client specific
requirements, as applicable. Supplier agrees to name Company as an Additional Insured and will provide Company a copy of the Certificate
of Insurance prior to commencing any work under this Agreement. Supplier will also provide a copy of its insurance binder or policy. 

Notices . All notices and other communications hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when
delivered in person (including by overnight courier) or three (3) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid,
return receipt requested), and on the date the notice is sent when sent by verified facsimile, in each case to the respective Parties
at the address first set forth hereto. Either Party may change its contact information by providing the other Party with notice of the
change in accordance with this subsection. 

 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, it will be replaced with the valid provision that most closely reflects the intent of the Parties and the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 

Waiver . No delay or failure by either Party to exercise any right or remedy under this Agreement will constitute a waiver of such right or remedy. All waivers must be in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the Party waiving its rights. A waiver by any Party of any breach or covenant will not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of any other covenant. 

Dispute Resolution and Arbitration . Prior to the filing of any suit with respect to such dispute of any nature between the Parties, including, without limitation, a dispute with respect to this Agreement (the Dispute ), the Party believing itself aggrieved (the Invoking Party will call for progressive management involvement in the Dispute negotiation by giving written notice to the other Party. Such a notice will be without prejudice to the Invoking Party's right to any other remedy at law, in equity or as permitted by this Agreement. The Parties will use best efforts to arrange personal meetings and/or telephone conferences as needed, at mutually convenient times and places, between their negotiators at the director and executive management levels, each of which will have a period of allotted time as specified below in which to attempt to resolve the Dispute. The Parties agree that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this contract, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by mandatory and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The Parties hereby waive any right that they might have to have the Dispute decided by a jury or by court judge. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties hereto have executed this Agreement by persons duly authorized as of the Effective Date. 

 HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE INC. 

 Signature:
 /s/ Suresh Venkatachari 

 Name: Suresh Venkatachari 

 Title: President 

 Email:
sureshv@healthcaretriangle.com 

 Cell:
781-354-0843 

SECUREKLOUD
TECNOLOGIES INC. 

 Signature:
 /s/ Lakshmanan Kannappan 

 Name: Lakshmanan Kannappan 

 Title: Chief Operating Officer 

 Email: lkannappan@8kmiles.com 

 Cell: 408-605-7548 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 16
 ex10_9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE INC. SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT 

 This
SHARED SERVICES AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), is entered into on January 1, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and
between Securekloud Technologies Inc., a Nevada corporation and Healthcare Triangle Inc., a Nevada corporation, (the Company ).
Securekloud Technologies Inc and the Company are hereinafter sometimes referred to collectively as the Parties and individually
as a Party. 

 RECITALS: 

 WHEREAS
Company desires to receive certain administrative and support services from Securekloud Technologies Inc, subject to the terms and conditions
described in this Agreement. 

 WHEREAS,
in order to assist the Company in general operations, Securekloud Technologies Inc Inc desires to provide such services to the Company,
subject to the terms and conditions described in this Agreement. 

 AGREEMENT: 

 NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is agreed by and between the Parties as follows: 

 ARTICLE
I: SERVICES 

 1.1
 Services. 

Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Securekloud Technologies Inc , acting directly or through its Affiliates (as hereafter
defined) or their respective Service Providers, agents, contractors or independent third parties, agrees to provide or cause to be provided
to the Company, its Affiliates and its subsidiaries the services set forth in Exhibit A (with any additional services provided pursuant
to Section 1.3 being collectively referred to as the Services ). The Company acknowledges and agrees that, except as may
be expressly set forth in this Agreement as to Services, Securekloud Technologies Inc shall not be obligated to provide, or cause to
be provided, any service or goods to the Company. 

 For
purposes of this Agreement, Affiliate shall mean as to any person another person that directly, or indirectly through one
or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such person, and control shall mean
the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the person controlled,
whether through ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
neither a Party nor any of its majority owned subsidiaries shall be deemed an Affiliate of the other Party. 

 1.2
 Service Coordinators. 

Each
Party will nominate a representative to act as its primary contact with respect to the provision of the Services as contemplated by this
Agreement (collectively, the Service Coordinators ). Unless otherwise agreed, all notices and communications relating to
this Agreement other than those day to day communications and billings relating to the actual provision of the Services shall be directed
to the Service Coordinators. 

 1.3
 Additional Services. 

Subject
to any limitations set forth in this Agreement and Exhibit A, the Company may request additional services (the Additional Services from Securekloud Technologies Inc by providing a written notice of at least seven (7) business days to Securekloud Technologies Inc.
Upon mutual agreement between the Parties pertaining to the nature, cost, duration and scope of the Additional Services Upon the mutual
written agreement as to the nature, cost, duration and scope of such Additional Services, the Parties shall supplement in writing the
Exhibit A to include such additional Services. The Parties may discontinue one or more Services under this Agreement in accordance with
Section 3.2 of the Agreement. 

 1.4
 Service Providers, Standard of Performance and Legal Compliance. 

(a) 
Securekloud Technologies Inc shall cause its employees, agents, consultants and any independent contractors engaged by Securekloud Technologies
Inc (collectively, the Service Providers to devote such time and effort to the business of the Company as shall be reasonably
necessary to perform the Services; provided, that the Service Providers shall not be precluded from engaging in other business activities
for or on behalf of Securekloud Technologies Inc or its Affiliates. All duties and services of the Service Providers shall be rendered
at the offices of Securekloud Technologies Inc subject to reasonable travel requirements. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in
this Agreement, all matters pertaining to the employment of the Service Providers are the sole responsibility of Securekloud Technologies
Inc, which shall in all respects be the employer of such Service Providers. At no time shall the Service Providers, be considered employees
of the Company. This Agreement is not one of agency between Securekloud Technologies Inc and the Company, but one with Securekloud Technologies
Inc engaged independently in the business of providing services as an independent contractor. All employment arrangements are therefore
solely Securekloud Technologies Inc concern, and the Company shall not have any liability with respect thereto except as otherwise
expressly set forth in this Agreement. 

 (b) 
The Services shall be performed with the same general degree of care as when performed within Securekloud Technologies Inc
 organization. In the event Securekloud Technologies Inc fails to provide, or cause to be provided, the Services, the sole and
exclusive remedy of the Company shall be to, at the Company s sole discretion, either (i) have the Service performed until
satisfactory, or (ii) not pay for such Service, or if payment has already been made, receive a refund of the payment made for
such defective service; provided that in the event Securekloud Technologies Inc defaults in the manner described in Section 3.3, the
Company shall have the further rights set forth in Section 3.3. 

 (c) 
Securekloud Technologies Inc further covenants and represents to the Company that it shall comply in all material respect with all applicable
laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any governmental body which may be applicable to the Services provided by Securekloud Technologies
Inc. Securekloud Technologies Inc shall obtain and maintain all material permits, approvals and licenses necessary or appropriate to
perform its duties and obligations (including all Services) under this Agreement and shall at all times comply with the terms and conditions
of such permits, approvals and licenses. Securekloud Technologies Inc shall notify the Company s Service Coordinator immediately
upon receipt of notice of (i) any material threatened or pending governmental orders, proceedings or lawsuit involving the Company or
(ii) any material violations relating to the use or maintenance of the Company s assets. 

 1.5 Conflict with Laws. 

Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, Securekloud Technologies Inc shall not be required to provide a Service to the extent the provision
thereof would violate or contravene any applicable law. To the extent that the provision of any such Service would violate any applicable
law, the Parties agree to work together in good faith to provide such Service in a manner which would not violate any law. 

 ARTICLE
II: SERVICE CHARGES 

 2.1
 Compensation. 

As
compensation for the Services and any expenses reasonably incurred by Securekloud Technologies Inc in providing the Services during the
term of this Agreement, the Company shall pay Securekloud Technologies Inc as provided in Exhibit B or at such hourly rates or other
amounts that are otherwise mutually agreed to on writing between the Parties. 

 2.2
 Payment. 

Any
amounts due to Securekloud Technologies Inc from the Company for the Services shall be due and payable within sixty (60) days after the
calendar month in which the Services were provided. All invoices should be paid in their entirety and any disputed charges should be
stated in writing to Service Coordinator identified in Section 1.2 of this agreement. 

 ARTICLE
III: TERM AND DISCONTINUATION OF SERVICES 

 3.1
 Term. 

The
term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date first written above and shall continue in force until the earlier of (i) two
(2) years from the date of this Agreement or (ii) the termination of all Services in accordance with Section 3.3. Upon the expiration
of the term, this Agreement shall continue a month-to-month basis until cancelled by either Party upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice. Any extension of this Agreement must be made by the Parties in writing. 

 3.2
 Discontinuance of Services. 

Either
Party may, upon not less than thirty (30) days prior written notice, elect to discontinue any individual Service from time to time. In
the event of any termination with respect to one or more, but less than all, of the Services, this Agreement shall continue in full force
and effect with respect to any remaining Services. The Parties shall supplement Exhibit A to reflect the termination of any such Services. 

 3.3
 Termination. 

This
Agreement may be terminated as follows: (i) Either Party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon not less than sixty (60) days
written notice to the other Party; or (ii) either Party may terminate this Agreement upon immediate written notice if the other
Party is in material breach or default with respect to any term or provision of this Agreement and fails to cure the same within
thirty (30) days of receipt of notice of such breach or default. The Company s right to terminate this Agreement as provided
in this Section 3.3 and the rights set forth in Sections 1.4(b) and 4.1 shall constitute the Company s sole and exclusive
rights and remedies for a breach by Securekloud Technologies Inc under this Agreement including, but not limited to, any breach
caused by an Affiliate of Securekloud Technologies Inc or other third party providing a Service. Upon the termination of this
Agreement by the Company, Securekloud Technologies Inc shall be entitled to immediate payment of any unpaid balance of any amounts
due or to be due to Securekloud Technologies Inc through the date of termination. Regardless of the reason for the
termination of this Agreement, Securekloud Technologies Inc rights under Section 4.2 shall survive any termination of this
Agreement. 

 3.4
 Files. 

Securekloud
Technologies Inc will maintain files related to the Services that, in its sole judgment, it determines are necessary for the conduct
of this Agreement. After termination of this Agreement, Securekloud Technologies Inc will maintain all files related to Services for
one year. During the period in which Securekloud Technologies Inc maintains the files, the Company may request to examine the files and
to copy documents in the files, up to not later than one year after termination of this Agreement, after which Securekloud Technologies
Inc may destroy the files in accordance with its then-existing records retention policy. 

 ARTICLE
IV: INDEMNIFICATION 

 4.1
 Indemnification by Securekloud Technologies Inc. 

Securekloud
Technologies Inc , its Affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, partners, directors, managers, officers, employees and
agents shall have no liability for any damages, losses, deficiencies, obligations, penalties, judgments, settlements, claims, payments,
fines, interest costs and expenses, including the costs and expenses of any and all actions and demands, assessments, judgments, settlements
and compromises relating thereto and the costs and expenses of attorneys, accountants, consultants and other professionals fees and expenses
incurred in the investigation or defence thereof or the enforcement of rights hereunder (collectively, the Losses to the
Company, its Affiliates or their respective shareholders, members, partners, directors, managers, officers, employees or agents (the
 Company Indemnified Parties with respect to any Services, except that Securekloud Technologies Inc shall be liable to
the Company Indemnified Parties for Losses arising out of or resulting from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct of Securekloud
Technologies Inc . Securekloud Technologies Inc will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Company Indemnified Parties from and against
any Losses arising out of or resulting from such gross negligence or wilful misconduct by Securekloud Technologies Inc. 

 4.2
 Indemnification by the Company. 

The
Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Securekloud Technologies Inc, its Affiliates and their respective shareholders, members,
partners, directors, managers, officers, employees and agents from and against any Losses arising out of or resulting from Securekloud
Technologies Inc providing the Services, except for Losses arising out of or resulting from the gross negligence or wilful misconduct
of Securekloud Technologies Inc . 

 ARTICLE
V: CONFIDENTIALITY 

 5.1
 Confidentiality. 

The
Parties shall hold and shall cause their respective shareholders, members, partners, directors, managers, officers, employees,
agents, consultants and advisors to hold, in strict confidence and not to disclose or release without the prior written consent of
the other Party, any and all Confidential Information (as hereafter defined); provided, that the Parties may disclose, or may permit
disclosure of, Confidential Information (i) to their respective auditors, attorneys, financial advisors, bankers and other
appropriate consultants and advisors who have a need to know such information and are informed of their obligation to hold such
information confidential to the same extent as is applicable to the Parties and in respect of whose failure to comply with such
obligations, Securekloud Technologies Inc or the Company, as the case may be, will be responsible, or (ii) to the extent any member
of a Party is compelled to disclose any such Confidential Information by judicial or administrative process or, in the opinion of
legal counsel, by other requirements of law. 

 5.2
 Protective Order. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, in the event that any demand or request for disclosure of Confidential Information is made pursuant to Section 5.1(ii)
above, either Party, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the other Party of the existence of such request or demand and shall provide
the other Party with a reasonable opportunity to seek an appropriate protective order or other remedy, which both Parties will cooperate
in seeking to obtain. In the event that such appropriate protective order or other remedy is not obtained, the Party whose Confidential
Information is required to be disclosed shall or shall cause the other Party to furnish, or cause to be furnished, only that portion
of the Confidential Information that is legally required to be disclosed. 

 5.3
 Confidential Information Defined. 

For
purposes of this Agreement, Confidential Information shall mean any and all proprietary, technical or operational information,
data or material of a Party of a non-public or confidential nature, whether marked as such or not, which has been disclosed by a Party
to the other Party in written, oral (including by recording), electronic, or visual form to, or otherwise has come into the possession
of, the other Party, (except to the extent that such Confidential Information can be shown to have been (a) in the public domain through
no fault of a Party or (b) later lawfully is acquired by the Receiving Party from another source that does not have any confidentiality
obligations to the other Party). 

 ARTICLE
VI: FORCE MAJEURE 

 6.1
 Performance Excused. 

Continued
performance of a Service may be suspended immediately to the extent caused by any event or condition beyond the reasonable control of
the Party suspending such performance including, but not limited to, any act of God, fire, labor or trade disturbance, war, civil commotion,
compliance in good faith with any law, unavailability of materials or other event or condition whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing
(each, a Force Majeure Event ). 

 6.2
 Notice. 

The
Party claiming suspension due to a Force Majeure Event will give prompt notice within a reasonable period of time to the other Party
of the occurrence of the Force Majeure Event giving rise to the suspension and of its nature and anticipated duration. 

 6.3
 Cooperation. 

The
Parties shall cooperate with each other to find alternative means and methods for the provision of the suspended Services. 

 ARTICLE
VII: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

 7.1
 Company. 

The
Company represents and warrants to Securekloud Technologies Inc that as of the date of this Agreement: 

 (a) 
The Company is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada and has full
power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement. 

(b) 
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company
and does not violate or conflict with its organizational documents, as amended, any material agreement to which the Company or its assets
are bound or any provision of law applicable to the Company. 

 (c) 
All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and registrations and declarations with, any governmental authority necessary for the
due execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions thereof
have been materially complied with, and no other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in
connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement. 

 (d) 
This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid, and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with
its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization and other laws of general applicability relating to
or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles 

 7.2
 Securekloud Technologies Inc. 

Securekloud
Technologies Inc represents and warrants to the Company that as of the date of this Agreement: 

 (a) 
Securekloud Technologies Inc is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of Nevada
and has full power and authority to execute, deliver and perform this Agreement. 

 (b) 
The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Securekloud
Technologies Inc and do not violate or conflict with its organizational documents, as amended, any material agreements to which Securekloud
Technologies Inc or its assets are bound or any provision of law applicable to Securekloud Technologies Inc . 

 (c) 
All consents, authorizations and approvals of, and registrations and declarations with, any governmental authority necessary for the
due execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions thereof
have been materially complied with, and no other action by, and no notice to or filing with, any governmental authority is required in
connection with the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement. 

 (d) 
This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Securekloud Technologies Inc enforceable against Securekloud Technologies
Inc in accordance with its terms, subject, as to enforcement, to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, and other laws of general applicability
relating to or affecting creditors rights and to general equity principles. 

 ARTICLE
VIII: MISCELLANEOUS 

 8.1 Construction Rules. 

The
article and section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning
or interpretation of this Agreement. Words used in this Agreement in the singular, where the context so permits, shall be deemed to
include the plural and vice versa. Words used in the masculine or the feminine, where the context so permits, shall be deemed to
mean the other and vice versa. The definitions of words in the singular in this Agreement shall apply to such words when used in the
plural where the context so permits and vice versa, and the definitions of words in the masculine or feminine in this Agreement
shall apply to such words when used in the other form where the context so permits and vice versa. Any reference to a section number
in this Agreement shall mean the section number in this Agreement unless otherwise expressly stated. All exhibits attached to this
Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, and any reference to an exhibit in this Agreement shall mean the exhibit attached to
this Agreement unless otherwise expressly stated. The words hereof, herein and hereunder 
and words of similar import referring to this Agreement refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement. 

 8.2 Notices. 

Any
notices or communications required or permitted to be given by this Agreement must be (i) given in writing, and (ii) be personally delivered
or mailed by prepaid mail or overnight courier, or by facsimile or electronic transmission delivered or transmitted to the Party to whom
such notice or communication is directed, to the address of such Party as follows: 

 TO:
COMPANY: 

 HEALTHCARE
TRIANGLE INC. 

 Address:
4309 Hacienda Dr., Suite 150 Pleasanton, CA 94588 

 Attn: Suresh
Venkatachari Email: sureshv@healthcaretriangle.com 

TO: Securekloud Technologies
Inc: 

 Securekloud
Technologies Inc SOFTWARE SERVICES INC. Address: 4309 Hacienda Dr., Suite 150 Pleasanton, CA 94588 

 Attn:
Lakshmanan Kannappan Email: lkannappan@8kmiles.com 

Any
such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given on (i) the day such notice or communication is personally delivered,
(ii) three (3) days after such notice or communication is mailed by prepaid certified or registered mail, (iii) one (1) working day after
such notice or communication sent by overnight courier, or (iv) the day such notice or communication is faxed or sent electronically
and the sender has received a confirmation of such fax or electronic transmission. A Party may, for purposes of this Agreement, change
its address, fax number, email address or the person to whom a notice or other communication is marked to the attention of, by giving
notice of such change to the other Party pursuant hereto. 

8.3
Assignment; Binding Effect. 

 Neither
Party may assign or delegate any of its respective rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement (whether by operation of law or
otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, that the foregoing shall in no way restrict the assignment
of this Agreement by Securekloud Technologies Inc to an Affiliate of Securekloud Technologies Inc or the performance of a Service by
an Affiliate of Securekloud Technologies Inc or a third party as otherwise allowed under this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding
upon, and shall inure to the benefit of, the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 

 8.4
 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. 

Except
as specifically set forth in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement is intended to or shall confer upon any party (other than the
Parties) any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, and no party
(except as so specified) shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary under or by reason of this Agreement. 

 8.5
 Amendment. 

No amendment, addition to, alteration, modification
or waiver of any part of this Agreement shall be of any effect, whether by course of dealing or otherwise, unless explicitly set forth
in writing referencing this Agreement and the provision(s) to be amended, altered, modified or waived and executed by the Parties. If
the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of any purchase order or order acknowledgment written in connection with this Agreement
conflict, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

 8.6
 Waiver; Remedies. 

The
waiver by a Party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach.
The failure of a Party to require strict performance of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect such Party s right to
full performance thereof at any time thereafter. No right, remedy or election given by any term of this Agreement or made by a Party
shall be deemed exclusive, but shall be cumulative with all other rights, remedies and elections available at law or in equity. The Parties
acknowledge that the rights created hereby are unique and recognizes and affirms that in the event of a breach of this Agreement irreparable
harm would be caused, money damages may be inadequate and an aggrieved Party may have no adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, the Parties
agree that the other Party shall have the right, in addition to any other rights and remedies existing in its favor at law or in equity,
to enforce such Party s rights and the obligations of the other Party not only by an action or actions for damages but also by
an action or actions for specific performance, injunctive and/or other equitable relief (without posting of a bond or other security). 

8.7
 Severability. 

If
any provision contained in this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable in any respect,
such provision shall be deemed modified so as to constitute a provision conforming as nearly as possible to the invalid, illegal, void
or unenforceable provision while still remaining valid and enforceable and the remaining terms or provisions contained in this Agreement
shall not be affected thereby. 

 8.8
 Counterparts. 

This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, by facsimile or otherwise, each of which shall be deemed to be an original but
all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

 8.9
 Relationship of Parties. 

Notwithstanding the actual relationship between the Parties, this Agreement does not create a fiduciary
relationship, partnership, joint venture or relationship of trust or agency between the Parties. 

 8.10
 Further Actions. 

From
time to time, the Parties agree to execute and deliver such additional documents, and take such further actions, as may be requested
or necessary to carry out the terms of this Agreement. 

 8.11
 Regulations. 

All
Service Providers of Securekloud Technologies Inc and its Affiliates shall, when on the property of the Company, conform to the rules
and regulations of the Company concerning safety, health and security which are made known to such Service Providers in advance in writing. 

 8.12
 Entire Agreement. 

This
Agreement and the exhibits constitute the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and
cancels all prior agreements and understandings, either oral or written, between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

 8.13
 Construction. 

In
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted by the Parties,
and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favouring or disfavouring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions
of this Agreement. 

 8.14
 Governing Law. 

Venue;
Jurisdiction. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice of law or
conflict of law rules or provisions (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of
the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of California. The Parties further agree that any dispute arising out of this Agreement
shall be decided by either the state or federal court in Alameda County, California. 

 8.15
 Limitation of Liability. 

UNDER
NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL EITHER PARTY,
ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE SHAREHOLDERS, MEMBERS, PARTNERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO THE
OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE SERVICES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOST MARKETING, LOST PROFITS, LOSS
OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA OR WORK STOPPAGE, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Securekloud Technologies Inc LIABILITY HEREUNDER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT OF FEES RECEIVED
FROM THE COMPANY DURING THE TWELVE-MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE DATE OF THE CLAIM. 

 8.16
 Disclaimer. 

EXCEPT
FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, Securekloud Technologies Inc MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTY,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WRITTEN, OR ORAL REGARDING THE SERVICES PROVIDED HEREUNDER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, CUSTOM, TRADE AND QUIET ENJOYMENT. 

 8.17
 Waiver of Jury Trial. 

THE
PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OF ANY ISSUE TRIABLE BY A JURY FULLY TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH RIGHT NOW OR
HEREAFTER EXISTS WITH REGARD TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR OTHER ACTION ARISING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. THIS
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS GIVEN KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY BY THE PARTIES AND IS INTENDED TO ENCOMPASS INDIVIDUALLY EACH
INSTANCE AND EACH ISSUE AS TO WHICH THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY MAY OTHERWISE ACCRUE. THE PARTIES ARE EACH HEREBY AUTHORIZED TO
FILE A COPY OF THIS SECTION IN ANY PROCEEDING AS CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE OF THIS WAIVER BY THE OTHER PARTY 

 IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed and delivered this Agreement effective as of the day and year first written above. 

Securekloud Technologies Inc 

By: /s/ Lakshmanan Kannappan 

Name: Lakshmanan Kannappan 

Title: Chief Operating Officer 

Address: 4309 Hacienda Dr., 

Suite 150 Pleasanton, CA 94588 

Email: lkannappan@8kmiles.com 

AGREED AND ACKNOWLEDGED 

COMPANY: HEALTHCARE TRIANGLE INC 

By: /s/ Suresh Venkatachari 

Name: Suresh Venkatachari 

Title: President 

Address: 4309 Hacienda Dr., Suitr 150 

Pleasanton, CA 94588 

Email: sureshv@healthcaretriangle.com 

1 

EXHIBIT
A SCHEDULE OF SERVICES 

1. 
 Project
 Coordination, HR and Operation Support 
 
 2. 
 Sales
 Support 
 
 3. 
 Recruitment
 and Immigration Support 
 
 4. 
 Management/Advisory
 Services 

2 

EXHIBIT
B 

 COMPENSATION 

 Recurring
Monthly Charges 

S.No 
 Service
 Description 
 Amount 
 
 1. 
 Project
 Coordination, HR and Operation Support 
 7,371 
 
 2. 
 Sales
 Support 
 4,359 
 
 3. 
 Recruitment
 and Immigration Support 
 3,938 
 
 4. 
 Management/Advisory
 Services 
 
 755 

TOTAL 
 16,424 

3 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 17
 ex10_10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Rental
Sub-Lease Agreement Securekloud Technologies, Inc. 

 This
Rental Sub-Lease Agreement (this Sub-Lease Agreement is made and entered into effect as of January 1 st , 2021
by and between Securekloud Technologies, Inc. Tenant and Health Care Triangle, Inc. Sub-Tenant ). 

 Recitals 

 A.
Tenant and Sub-Tenant executed that certain real property sub-lease dated January 1 st , 2021 (collectively, the
 Sub-Lease ). The Sub-Lease lease concerns 3500 sq ft leased space within the current space occupied by the Tenant
(Suite 150) in the commercial building Hacienda Terrace located on that certain real property commonly known as 4309
Hacienda Drive, Pleasanton, CA 94588 (the Property and the Sub-lease lease concerns 1805 sq ft leased space with the
current space occupied by the Tenant in 2 Tower Centre Blvd, 8th Floor, Suite # 804, East Brunswick, NJ-08816. 

B. Sub-Tenant
will occupy the Sub-Lease space from January 1 st , 2021 for a period of 2 years and renewable each year each unless the agreement
is cancelled by either party with 30 days written notice. Monthly rent will be 15,059.00 and will be all inclusive. 

C. Sub-Tenant
will be provided with private offices, equipped with phone, internet, electricity and other infrastructure related support by Tenant
as part of this Sub-Lease Agreement at no additional cost. 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements and covenants in this Agreement, the parties agree as follows: 

 1. Rent
payment of 15,059.00 with infrastructure support as stated above in sections B and C Recitals 

 2. No
Other Amendment . Except as stated by this agreement, the Sub-Lease shall remain in full force and effect. 

3. Counterparts .
This Sub-Lease Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall constitute
one instrument. 

4. Entire
Agreement . The Sub-Tenant agrees to all the terms on the primary lease between the tenant and the landlord as amended from time to
time. There are and were no oral or written representations, warranties, understandings, stipulations, agreements, or promises made by
either party, pertaining to the subject matter of this Sub-Lease Agreement which have not been incorporated into this document. This
Sub-Lease Agreement shall not be modified, changed, terminated, amended, superseded, waived, or extended except by a written instrument
executed by the parties hereto. 

The
parties have executed this Sub-Lease Agreement effective as of the date first set forth above. 

Tenant: 
 
 Sub-Tenant: 
 
 Securekloud Technologies, Inc. 
 
 HealthCare Triangle Inc. 

By: /s/ Robinson Vincent 
 
 By: /s/ Suresh Venkatachari 
 
 Robinson Vincent 
 
 Suresh Venkatachari 

</EX-10.10>

