<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_828944_0001628280-23-005573.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33930317</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>464720</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4194722</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>14391798</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7425767</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6762709</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005573.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228162235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005573
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		169
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WSFS FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000828944
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				222866913
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35638
		FILM NUMBER:		23685801

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 DELAWARE AVENUE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3027926000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 DELAWARE AVENUE
		CITY:			WILMINGTON
		STATE:			DE
		ZIP:			19801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAR STATES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005573.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 wsfs-20221231.htm
 10-K

wsfs-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15. U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock as quoted on Nasdaq as of June 30, 2022, was . For purposes of this calculation only, affiliates are deemed to be directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of greater than 10 of the registrant's outstanding common stock. 
 As of February 23, 2023, there were issued and outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 

WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 32 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. Properties 
 44 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 46 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 144 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 144 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 147 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 147 
 Part III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 147 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 147 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 147 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 147 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 147 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 148 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 150 
 Signatures 
 151 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, and exhibits hereto, contains estimates, predictions, opinions, projections and other forward-looking statements as that phrase is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, without limitation, references to the Company s predictions or expectations of future business or financial performance as well as its goals and objectives for future operations, financial and business trends, business prospects and management s outlook or expectations for earnings, revenues, expenses, capital levels, liquidity levels, asset quality or other future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, estimate, target, project and similar expressions, among others, generally identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on various assumptions (some of which may be beyond the Company s control) and are subject to risks and uncertainties (which change over time) and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: 
 difficult market conditions and unfavorable economic trends in the United States generally and in financial markets, particularly in the markets in which the Company operates and in which its loans are concentrated, including difficult and unfavorable conditions and trends related to housing markets, costs of living, unemployment levels, interest rates, supply chain issues, inflation, economic growth, and the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and related variant developments, vaccination efforts and emergency orders; 
 possible additional loan losses and impairment of the collectability of loans; 
 the Company s level of nonperforming assets and the costs associated with resolving problem loans including litigation and other costs and complying with government-imposed foreclosure moratoriums; 
 changes in market interest rates, which may increase funding costs and reduce earning asset yields and thus reduce margin; 
 the impact of changes in interest rates and the credit quality and strength of underlying collateral and the effect of such changes on the market value of the Company s investment securities portfolio; 
 the credit risk associated with the substantial amount of commercial real estate, construction and land development, and commercial and industrial loans in the Company's loan portfolio; 
 the extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination governing almost every aspect of the Company s operations, potential expenses associated with complying with such regulations, and the effects of potential federal government shutdowns or delays; 
 the Company s ability to comply with applicable capital and liquidity requirements, including its ability to generate liquidity internally or raise capital on favorable terms; 
 possible changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and stimulus programs, laws and regulations and other activities of governments, agencies, and similar organizations, and the uncertainty of the short- and long-term impacts of such changes; 
 any impairments of the Company's goodwill or other intangible assets; 
 the discontinued publication of London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and the transition to an alternative reference interest rate, such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), including methodologies for calculating the rate that are different from the LIBOR methodology and changed language for existing and new floating or adjustable rate contracts; 
 the success of the Company's growth plans, including its plans to grow the commercial small business leasing, residential, small business and Small Business Administration (SBA) portfolios and wealth management business; 
 the Company s ability to successfully integrate and fully realize the cost savings and other benefits of its acquisitions, manage risks related to business disruption following those acquisitions, and post-acquisition Customer acceptance of the Company s products and services and related Customer disintermediation; 
 negative perceptions or publicity with respect to the Company generally and, in particular, the Company s trust and wealth management business; 
 failure of the financial and operational controls of the Company s Cash Connect division; 
 adverse judgments or other resolution of pending and future legal proceedings, and cost incurred in defending such proceedings; 
 the Company's reliance on third parties for certain important functions, including the operation of its core systems, and any failures by such third parties; 
 system failures or cybersecurity incidents or other breaches of the Company s network security, particularly given widespread remote working arrangements; 
 the Company s ability to recruit and retain key Associates; 
 1 

the effects of problems encountered by other financial institutions that adversely affect the Company or the banking industry generally; 
 the effects of weather, including climate change, and natural disasters such as floods, droughts, wind, tornadoes and hurricanes as well as effects from geopolitical instability, armed conflicts, public health crises and man-made disasters including terrorist attacks; 
 the effects of regional or national civil unrest (including any resulting branch or ATM closures or damage); 
 possible changes in the speed of loan prepayments by the Company s Customers and loan origination or sales volumes; 
 possible changes in the speed of prepayments of mortgage-backed securities (MBS) due to changes in the interest rate environment and the related acceleration of premium amortization on prepayments in the event that prepayments accelerate; 
 regulatory limits on the Company s ability to receive dividends from its subsidiaries and pay dividends to its stockholders; 
 any reputation, credit, interest rate, market, operational, litigation, legal, liquidity, regulatory and compliance risk resulting from developments related to any of the risks discussed above; 
 any compounding effects or unexpected interactions of the risks discussed above; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those discussed herein under the heading Risk Factors and in other documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from time to time. 
 The Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. The Company disclaims any duty to revise or update any forward-looking statement, whether written or oral, that may be made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company for any reason, except as specifically required by law. 
 
 As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms WSFS , the Company , registrant , we , us , and our mean WSFS Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 
 The following are registered trademarks of the Company: Bryn Mawr Trust , Cash Connect , NewLane Finance , Powdermill Financial Solutions, West Capital Management , WSFS Institutional Services , WSFS Mortgage and WSFS Wealth Investments. Any other trademarks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective holders. 

2 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 OUR BUSINESS 
 WSFS Financial Corporation (the Company or WSFS) is a savings and loan holding company headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. Substantially all of our assets are held by the Company's subsidiary, Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (WSFS Bank or the Bank), one of the ten oldest bank and trust companies in the United States (U.S.) continuously operating under the same name. With 19.9 billion in assets and 64.5 billion in assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA) at December 31, 2022, WSFS Bank is the oldest and largest locally-managed bank and trust company headquartered in the Delaware and Greater Philadelphia region. As a federal savings bank that was formerly chartered as a state mutual savings bank, WSFS Bank enjoys a broader scope of permissible activities than most other financial institutions. 
 A fixture in the community, WSFS Bank has been in operation for more than 190 years. In addition to its focus on stellar customer experiences, WSFS Bank has continued to fuel growth and remain a leader in our community. We are a relationship-focused, locally-managed, community banking institution. Our mission is simple: We Stand for Service. Our strategy of Engaged Associates, living our culture, enriching the Communities we serve focuses on exceeding customer expectations, delivering stellar experiences and building customer advocacy through highly-trained, relationship-oriented, friendly, knowledgeable and empowered Associates. As of December 31, 2022, we serviced our Customers primarily from our 119 offices located in Pennsylvania (61), Delaware (39), New Jersey (17), Virginia (1) and Nevada (1), our ATM network, our website at www.wsfsbank.com and our mobile apps. 
 On January 1, 2022, WSFS and the Bank acquired certain subsidiaries in the merger of Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMBC) with and into WSFS, and the merger of The Bryn Mawr Trust Company with and into the Bank (collectively, the BMBC Merger), pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, by and between WSFS and BMBC, dated as of March 9, 2021 (the BMBC Merger Agreement) that are not named herein as they are not integral or significant to our business. 
 Subsidiaries 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had seven consolidated subsidiaries: WSFS Bank, Cypress Capital Management, LLC (Cypress), WSFS Capital Management, LLC (West Capital), WSFS Wealth Management, LLC (Powdermill ), WSFS SPE Services, LLC, The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware (BMT-DE), and 601 Perkasie, LLC. 
 On January 1, 2023, WSFS completed the merger and brand conversion of Cypress and West Capital and has renamed the combined entity Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC. The following pertains to these entities as of December 31, 2022: 
 Cypress provides asset management services. As a registered investment adviser and fee-only wealth management firm, Cypress had approximately 1.0 billion in AUM at December 31, 2022 compared to approximately 1.3 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 West Capital, a registered investment adviser, provides fee-only wealth management services tailored to the needs of high net worth individuals operating under a multi-family office philosophy. West Capital had approximately 810.9 million in AUM at December 31, 2022, compared to approximately 947.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 Powdermill provides multi-family office services to affluent clientele in the local community and throughout the U.S. 
 WSFS SPE Services, LLC provides commercial domicile services which include providing employees, directors, subleases of office facilities and registered agent services in Delaware and Nevada. 
 BMT-DE, a Delaware state chartered non-depository trust company, supplements our existing Wealth Management segment by offering Delaware advantage trust services including directed trusts, asset protection trusts and dynasty trusts via centers of influence such as estate planning attorneys. 
 601 Perkasie, LLC was formed to hold certain tax credit investments. 
 
 3 

As of December 31, 2022, WSFS Bank had two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Beneficial Equipment Finance Corporation (BEFC), and 1832 Holdings, Inc. WSFS Bank had one majority-owned subsidiary, NewLane Finance Company (NewLane Finance ). 
 BEFC was acquired during the Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (Beneficial) acquisition and is in the business of leasing small equipment and fixed assets. Subsequent to the Beneficial acquisition, the leasing operations of BEFC were combined with NewLane Finance , described below. 
 1832 Holdings, Inc. was formed to hold certain debt and equity investment securities. 
 NewLane Finance originates small business leases and provides commercial financing to businesses nationwide, targeting various equipment categories including technology, software, office, medical, veterinary and other areas. In addition, NewLane Finance offers new product offerings for insurance through its subsidiary, Prime Protect. 
 As of December 31, 2022, WSFS had three unconsolidated subsidiaries, WSFS Capital Trust III (the Trust), Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I, and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II . 
 The Trust was formed in 2005 to issue 67.0 million aggregate principal amount of Pooled Floating Rate Capital Securities. These securities are currently callable and have a maturity date of June 1, 2035. The proceeds from this issue were used to fund the redemption of 51.5 million Floating Rate WSFS Capital Trust I Preferred Securities (formerly, WSFS Capital Trust I). WSFS Capital Trust I invested all of the proceeds from the sale of the Pooled Floating Rate Capital Securities in our Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I (Trust I) and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II (Trust II) (collectively, the Trusts) were acquired in connection with the BMBC Merger. The Trusts were utilized for the sole purpose of issuing and selling capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests. Although WSFS owns an aggregate of 774.0 thousand of the common securities of Trust I and Trust II, the Trusts are not consolidated into the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements as the Corporation is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these entities. 
 Segment Information 
 For financial reporting purposes, our business has three segments: WSFS Bank, Cash Connect and Wealth Management. The WSFS Bank segment provides loans and leases and other financial products to commercial and consumer customers. Cash Connect provides ATM vault cash, smart safe and other cash logistics services in the U.S through strategic partnerships with several of the largest networks, manufacturers and service providers in the cash logistics industry. The Wealth Management segment provides a broad array of planning and advisor services, investment management, personal and institutional trust services, and credit and deposit products to individuals, corporate, and institutional clients. 
 WSFS Bank 
 As of December 31, 2022, WSFS Bank's banking business had a total loan and lease portfolio of 11.9 billion, which was funded primarily through commercial relationships and retail and customer-generated deposits. We have built a 9.3 billion commercial loan and lease portfolio by recruiting seasoned commercial lenders in our markets, offering the high level of service and flexibility typically associated with a community bank and through acquisitions. We fund this business primarily with deposits generated through commercial relationships and consumer deposits, as well as through our digital banking platforms. 
 WSFS Bank also offers a broad variety of consumer loan products, retail securities and insurance brokerage services through our retail branches, and mortgage and title services through WSFS Mortgage . Our WSFS Mortgage business is a mortgage banking company and abstract and title company specializing in a variety of residential mortgage and refinancing solutions. 
 Cash Connect 
 Our Cash Connect business is a premier provider of ATM vault cash, smart safe (safes that automatically accept, validate, record and hold cash in a secure environment) and other cash logistics services through strategic partnerships with several of the largest networks, manufacturers and service providers in the ATM industry. Cash Connect services non-bank and WSFS-branded ATMs and smart safes nationwide. As of December 31, 2022, Cash Connect manages approximately 1.7 billion in total cash and services approximately 26,300 non-bank ATMs and approximately 7,500 smart safes nationwide. Cash Connect provides related services such as online reporting and ATM cash management, predictive cash ordering and reconcilement services, armored carrier management, loss protection, ATM processing equipment sales and deposit safe cash logistics. As of December 31, 2022, Cash Connect also supports approximately 650 owned and branded ATMs for WSFS Bank, which has one of the largest branded ATM networks in our market. 
 4 

Wealth Management 
 Our Wealth Management business provides a broad array of planning and advisory services, investment management, trust services, and credit and deposit products to individual, corporate, and institutional clients through multiple integrated businesses. Combined, these businesses had 64.5 billion of AUM and AUA at December 31, 2022. Bryn Mawr Trust is our predominant Private Wealth Management brand, providing advisory, investment management and trustee services to institutions, affluent and high-net-worth individuals. The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware, formed by the merger of BMT-DE and Christiana Trust DE on April 1, 2022, provides personal trust and fiduciary services to families and individuals across the U.S. and internationally. WSFS Institutional Services provides trustee, agency, bankruptcy administration, custodial and commercial domicile services to institutional, corporate clients and special purpose vehicles. Private Wealth Management, which includes Private Banking, serves high-net-worth clients and institutions by providing trustee and advisory services, financial planning, customized investment strategies, brokerage products such as annuities and customized banking services including credit and deposit products tailored to its clientele. Private Wealth Management includes businesses that operate under the bank s charter, through a broker/dealer and as a registered investment advisor (RIA). It generates revenue through fee-only arrangements, net interest income and other fee-only services such as estate administration, trust tax planning and custody. Powdermill is a multi-family office specializing in providing independent solutions to high-net-worth individuals, families and corporate executives through a coordinated, centralized approach. 
 For segment financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
 
 Recent Business Developments 
 Continued Acquisition and Integration Efforts: On January 1, 2022, we completed our acquisition of Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMBC), a Pennsylvania corporation and the parent holding company of The Bryn Mawr Trust Company, a Pennsylvania chartered bank and wholly-owned subsidiary of BMBC. Our bank technology, branding, and branch conversion was completed during the first quarter of 2022. We have substantially completed our Trust and Wealth Management integration, including the organizational design and brand conversion. Additional efforts surrounding technology integration are expected to continue into 2024. Throughout this document, we refer to these acquired entities collectively as Bryn Mawr Trust. 

5 

WSFS DIFFERENTIATION STRATEGY 
 We believe that WSFS, through our unique competitive position in our market as the only community bank with a full suite of product offerings to compete with larger institutions, diversified and resilient fee income, and high-touch customer service, sets itself apart from other banks in our market and the industry in general. 
 Our focus on this differentiation strategy supports our core franchise with a mix of organic and acquisition-related growth and builds value for our stockholders. Since December 31, 2018, our commercial loans and leases, which exclude loans held-for-sale, have grown 133 from 4.0 billion to 9.3 billion at December 31, 2022. Over the same period, customer deposits have grown 195 from 5.4 billion to 16.1 billion. For further details, refer to the Comparative Stock Performance Graph in Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 The following factors summarize what we believe is our differentiation strategy: 
 
 Our Mission 
 We Stand for Service is our mission and our daily call to action. Since 1832, WSFS has been a service-oriented, locally-managed community banking institution serving Delaware Valley families and businesses. We strive to meet our Customers evolving banking needs and to exceed their expectations each and every day. 
 Values 
 Our values are the foundation of our culture. They define us and serve as our moral compass. Our values are rooted in integrity; we do the right thing, unconditionally. We live our values every day; they nourish our culture and practiced, over time, become the WSFS way. Our values are the fuel that ignites our virtuous cycle: when we do well, our Community does well and when our Community does well, we do well. 
 Service: Serving others is fundamental to our mission and grounds our purpose. We serve by listening, caring, collaborating, volunteering and getting things done for those who rely on us to be there for them. 
 Truth: The truth is non-negotiable. The truth brings clarity to a challenging situation or sensitive matter; it guides us with confidence and conviction. Being open and honest earns trust and underpins our conversations, decisions and communications. 
 Respect: We value and respect each other and all we serve. The many unique attributes of our team makes us stronger. Respecting others beliefs, experiences, perspectives and feelings sparks dialogue, facilitates learning and growth, drives change, inspires innovation and builds valued relationships. 
 
 Engagement and Culture 
 Our business model is designed using the science of Human Sigma, which is built on a foundation of engagement. Our model begins with Associates (employees) who take ownership for their responsibilities and impact; as such, they are more likely to consistently perform at a higher level. We significantly invest in our culture and engagement as they underpin all that we do at WSFS, including attracting, inspiring and retaining our Associates, delivering stellar Customer experiences and strengthening the well-being of our communities as evidenced by our Vision: "We envision a day when everyone will thrive." Our strategy, Engaged Associates, living our culture, enriching the Communities we serve builds upon that principal. 
 
 6 

Our strategy in action starts a virtuous cycle whereby, as we do better, our community does better and as our community does better, we do better. It s a simple premise that plays out in a big way every day. Research studies validate the direct link between engagement and a company s financial performance. Our strategy, which drives our virtuous cycle, ensures that research and reinforces our culture that is evidenced in our Company results. 
 Human Resources 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 2,160 full-time equivalent Associates. Our Associates are not represented by a collective bargaining unit and we believe our relationship with our Associates is strong. 
 During 2022, WSFS captured the voice of our Associates and our Customers through multiple channels to measure our Associate and Customer engagement. The 2022 full-year survey results below reflect the first-time participation from legacy BMT Associates, onboarding of BMT Customers and the continuation of our Future Forward strategy which included a phased transition to a hybrid work environment. 
 Our Associate engagement survey results placed WSFS in the 90th percentile of Gallup's global overall company-level database. Our Associate engagement ratio was 10.3:1, which means there were 10.3 engaged Associates for every actively disengaged Associate. This compares to a U.S. working population ratio of 1.8:1. 
 Our culture of inclusion index of 4.40 placed WSFS in the top third of Gallup's global overall workgroup-level database. We believe these results reflect that Associates are encouraged to be themselves, are a valued part of their teams, experience strength-based developments, have inclusive conversations and trust in the Company's mission, values and leadership. 
 62.8 of Customers surveyed ranked WSFS a five out of five, strongly agreeing with the statement WSFS is the perfect bank for people like me. Our Customer engagement ratio was 6.1:1, which means there were 6.1 engaged Customers for every actively disengaged Customer. 
 Customer loyalty remained consistent during the year, as measured by our Net Promoter Scores (NPS). Our branch network achieved an overall NPS of 76.7 in 2022, which placed WSFS in the top quintile of Medallia's global database for transactional surveys. 
 In 2023, as we continue gathering and learning from Customer feedback, we will expand our Customer Survey program to consistently evaluate the experiences of our Customers and Clients across the Company. As part of this expansion, the Bank will leverage NPS as the primary metric to measure Customer and Client engagement and loyalty. 
 By fostering a culture of engaged and empowered Associates, we believe we have become the employer and bank of choice in our market. In 2022, we were honored to receive the following accolades: 
 Ranked #1 in Delaware on the Forbes America's Best Banks in Each State Listing; 
 Received The Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award for the sixth time; 
 Named a Top Workplace in Delaware for the 16th year in a row; 
 Named a Top Workplace in Philadelphia and southeastern PA for the eighth year in a row; 
 Named "Best of Biz" for Online Banking by South Jersey Magazine; 
 Named a 2022 honoree of The Civic 50 Greater Philadelphia by the Philadelphia Foundation, in partnership with Points of Light and other local partners; 
 Selected as Voter's Choice for "Best Community Involvement" at the Delaware Small Business Chamber's Blue Ribbon Awards. 
 
 7 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 Beyond having diverse talent and Customers, WSFS works to create a truly inclusive environment with opportunities to find commonalities, build relationships and provide support to our diverse Communities from different backgrounds and cultures. We are committed to enhancing workforce diversity, creating developmental opportunities and continually improving hiring practices to retain our status as an employer of choice. 
 During 2022, the Company completed the following Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) accomplishments: 
 Successfully relaunched the WSFS Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Steering Committee (DISC), which includes DEI Strategic Pillars as well as our six active Resource Groups: ADAPT Advocate. Disability. Access. Partner. Together.; APPN Asian Pacific-Islander Professional Network; BOLD Black Organization for Leadership and Development; HOLA Hispanic Organization for Leadership and Advancement; PRIDE LGBTQIA+ Community; WIN Women's Inclusion Network; 
 Successfully relaunched our DEI intranet page with Associate resources and information; 
 Shared our DEI S.E.R.V.I.C.E. video internally and externally; 
 Created Associate-authored articles and resources for cultural holidays and months; 
 Integrated DEI into new hire education; 
 The Forum of Executive Women again recognized WSFS as one of its Champions of Board Diversity for having at least 30 women on our Board of Directors; 
 WSFS was honored by The Fund for Women Girls with its Corporate Champion of Change Award for its commitment to creating an inclusive workplace environment by supporting Associates from diverse communities and backgrounds; 
 Dr. Michelle Burroughs, Senior Vice President Chief Diversity Officer at WSFS, was recognized by the Philadelphia Business Journal as part of its Diversity in Business Awards. 
 
 Community Banking Model 
 Our size and community banking model play a key role in our success. Our approach to business combines a service-oriented culture with a full complement of products and services, all aimed at meeting the needs of our consumer, business and wealth Customers. We believe the essence of being a community bank means that we are: 
 Small enough to offer Customers responsive, personalized service and direct access to decision makers, yet 
 Large enough to provide the products, services and balance sheet lending capacity needed by our target market Customers. 
 As the financial services industry has consolidated, many independent banks have been acquired by national companies that have centralized their decision-making authority and focused their product offerings on a regional or even national customer base. As a result, many of these banks have lost the deep knowledge of the local markets expected by our Customer base. We believe this trend has underserved small and medium size business owners who have become accustomed to dealing directly with their bank s senior executives, discouraged consumer customers who often experience deteriorating levels of service in branches and other service outlets, and resulted in less empowered bank employees who are less engaged to provide good and timely service to their customers. 
 We have created the largest, premier, locally-headquartered community bank in the Greater Philadelphia and Delaware region, offering the benefits of local market knowledge and decision-making, a full-service product suite, the balance sheet to compete with larger regional and national banks, and most importantly, a culture of engaged Associates that bring to life WSFS mission of We Stand For Service in our daily delivery of stellar Customer experiences. 
 WSFS Bank offers: 
 One primary point of contact: Each of our relationship managers is responsible for understanding his or her Customers needs and bringing together the right resources in WSFS Bank to meet those needs. 
 A customized approach to serving our Customers: We believe that this gives us an advantage over our competitors who are too large or centralized to offer customized products or services. 
 Products and services that our Customers value: This includes a broad array of banking, cash management and trust and wealth management products, as well as a legal lending limit high enough to meet the credit needs of our Customers, especially as they grow. 
 Rapid response and a company that is easy to do business with: Our Customers tell us this is an important differentiator from larger, in-market competitors. 
 8 

Our Diversified Business 
 Balance Sheet Management 
 We put a great deal of focus on actively managing our balance sheet. This manifests itself in: 
 Prudent capital levels - Maintaining prudent capital levels is key to our operating philosophy. At December 31, 2022 all regulatory capital levels for the Bank were in excess of "well-capitalized" levels. For the capital position of the Bank and the Company, refer to Note 14 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, the Company's common equity to assets ratio was 11.07 and its tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio, which is a non-GAAP financial measure, was 6.31 . For a reconciliation of tangible common equity and tangible assets to net income and total assets, the most comparable measures in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), refer to Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in Item 1 located at the end of this section. 
 Disciplined lending - We maintain discipline in our lending with a particular focus on portfolio diversification and granularity. Diversification includes limits on loans to one borrower as well as industry and product concentrations. We supplement this portfolio diversification with a disciplined underwriting process and the benefit of knowing our customers. We have also taken a proactive approach to identifying credit-related trends in our local economy and have responded to areas of concern. 
 Focus on credit quality - We seek to control credit risk in our investment portfolio and use this portion of our balance sheet primarily to help us manage liquidity and interest rate risk, while providing marginal income and tax relief. Our philosophy and pre-purchase due diligence have allowed us to control credit risk in our investment portfolio. 
 Asset/liability management strategies - Our investment portfolio is consistent with the approved risk appetite of our Board of Directors. We work to optimize duration, yield and liquidity and to minimize credit risk within policy guidelines. The concentration in agency MBS (96 of investment portfolio) and bank qualified municipal bonds (4 of investment portfolio) provides liquidity, yield and credit to meet the intended risk profile. 
 Disciplined Capital Management 
 We understand that our capital (or stockholders equity) belongs to our stockholders. They have entrusted this capital to us with the expectation that it will earn an appropriate return relative to the risks we take. Mindful of this balance, we prudently, but aggressively, manage our capital. We continue to execute our current Board-approved share repurchase plans, as well as any future Board-approved share repurchase plans, including opportunistically repurchasing shares, based on current valuation levels, above our stated practice of returning a minimum of 35 of annual core net income to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 Performance Expectations and Alignment with Stockholder Priorities 
 We are focused on high-performing, long-term financial goals. We define high-performing as the top quintile of a relevant peer group in return on assets (ROA). Management incentives are, in large part, based on driving performance of ROA as well as return on average tangible common equity (ROTCE), which is a non-GAAP financial measure, and EPS growth. More details on management incentive plans will be included in the proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, WSFS reported ROA of 1.09 . Core ROA, which excludes non-core items and is a non-GAAP financial measure, was 1.32 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Core ROA for 2022 excludes (i) unrealized gains on equity investments, (ii) valuation adjustments related to our derivative liability established from the sale of 360,000 Visa Class B shares in 2Q 2020, and (iii) corporate development and restructuring expense. 
 For a reconciliation of Core ROA to ROA, the most comparable GAAP measure, refer to Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in Item 1 located at the end of this section. 

9 

Growth Plans 
 We have achieved success over the long-term in lending and deposit gathering, growing the Wealth Management segment s client base and product offerings and growing Cash Connect s customer base and services. Our success has been the result of a focused strategy that provides service, responsiveness and careful execution in a consolidating marketplace. 
 We plan to continue to grow by: 
 Developing talented, service-focused Associates: We have successfully recruited Associates with strong ties to, and the passion to serve, their communities to enhance our service in existing markets and to provide a strong start in new communities. We also focus on developing talent and leadership from our current Associate base to better equip those Associates for their jobs and prepare them for leadership roles at WSFS. Our strategy continues to be diligent on attracting, retaining and rewarding the best talent, which we believe has positioned us well in the current climate of the Great Resignation that has seen many employees of U.S. companies reconsider their priorities and voluntarily resign. 
 We are committed to building Associate Engagement and Customer Advocacy as a way to differentiate ourselves and grow our franchise. 
 Building fee income through investment in and growth of our Wealth Management and Cash Connect segments. 
 After successfully integrating the Bryn Mawr Trust business during 2022, Wealth Management AUA/AUM ended 87 above 2021 balances. WSFS Institutional Services ended 2022 as the securitization industry's fifth most active trustee for U.S. Asset and Mortgage Backed Securities according to Asset-Backed Alert s ABS Database. 
 Cash Connect saw increased fee revenue due to the rising interest rate environment and continued growth in the smart safe space. The division, in partnership with our retail strategy, continued to serve the Greater Philadelphia and the Delaware region through the WSFS ATM network. The number of owned and branded ATMs was 686 as of December 31, 2022. 
 Continuing strong growth in commercial and consumer lending by: 
 Offering local decision-making by seasoned banking professionals with significant local market experience. 
 Executing our community banking model that combines stellar experiences with the banking products and services our business customers demand. 
 Continuing to grow our NewLane Finance leasing business. 
 Adding seasoned lending professionals that have helped us win customers in our Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey markets. 
 Leveraging our strategic lending partnerships, including Spring EQ, LLC, Upstart, LendKey Technologies, Inc, and Cred Technologies (cred.ai). 
 Continuing to grow deposits by: 
 Offering products through an expanded and updated branch network, increasing our market presence in Philadelphia, southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey. 
 Providing a stellar experience to our Customers. 
 Further expanding our Commercial, Small Business, and Wealth Management Customer relationships with deposit and cash management products. 
 Finding creative ways to build deposit market share such as targeted marketing programs. 
 Continuing investment in our franchise to increase adoption and usage of digital channels aligned with our strategy by 
 Enabling business outcomes through optimizing and leveraging the full capabilities of current and future Delivery Transformation and Technology investments to increase Associate efficiencies and improve the overall Customer experience. 
 Building out Salesforce to support our customer relationship management with focus on change management, adoption and governance 
 Increased Control, Transparency, Automation Efficiencies through platform integrations, enhancements and bot implementations 
 Advancing how we use data, the deployment of artificial intelligence, and predictive modeling to create operational efficiencies and redesign business models 
 Continue to build upon people, process and controls within a focus on Information Security and Fraud prevention 
 Seeking targeted, strategic opportunities in our non-banking businesses while we focus on optimizing our recent franchise investments. 
 10 

Disciplined Cost Management 
 We maintain a disciplined cost management strategy while continuing to make prudent investments in our businesses through the lens of our Strategic Plan. This was evident in management's execution of the cost synergies and branch optimization plan following the acquisition of Bryn Mawr Trust. Further, we have experienced and continue to anticipate increased costs as a result of our previously announced Delivery Transformation initiative and investment in marketing technology, fully supported by business cases indicating strong return on investment, and driving our future growth. 
 Innovation 
 Our organization is committed to product and service innovation as a means to drive growth and to stay ahead of changing customer demands and emerging competition. We are focused on developing and maintaining a strong culture of innovation that solicits, captures, prioritizes and executes innovation initiatives, including feedback from our customers, as well as leveraging technology from product creation to process improvements. Cash Connect , a premier provider of ATM vault cash, smart safe and other cash logistics services in the U.S., serves as an innovation engine by driving enhancements such as mobile phone cash withdrawals from WSFS ATMs, and has developed best-in-class cash logistics and reconciliation software. WSFS Institutional Services , which offers owner and indenture trustee services for asset-backed securities, custody, escrow, verification agent services as well as numerous other services, has partnered with several technology firms and fintechs to enhance and expand our client offerings. These innovations have created internal efficiencies and valued services for our local banking customers, institutional clients and merchants across the nation. We intend to continue to leverage technology and innovation to grow our business and to successfully execute on our strategy. 
 In 2019, we embarked on a multi-year Delivery Transformation initiative focused on melding our physical and digital delivery, consistent with our brand, by enabling our Associates with the latest technology and actionable data to better serve our Customers. Industry and customer behavior trends continue to shift as observed in reduced branch traffic and increased digital channel adoption. As such, we have concluded that we need to stay nimble as we transform our delivery channels to meet these new expectations. Our transformation includes optimizing our physical branch network and making strategic investments in meaningful technology solutions, supported by specialized talent. Those investments are expected to provide our Customers with leading edge products and elevate our Associates, as they strive to serve in a competitive and compelling way. We are designing and integrating solutions to provide personalized experiences to our Customers, while retaining the essence of what makes WSFS great. Through our investments in the franchise and our ongoing commitment to Stellar Service, we intend to continue to lead the community and regional banking industry with regards to service delivery and Customer experience. 
 Our organization is committed to product and service innovation as a means to drive growth and to stay ahead of changing customer demands and emerging competition. We are focused on developing and maintaining a strong culture of innovation that solicits, captures, prioritizes and executes innovation initiatives, including feedback from our customers, as well as leveraging technology from product creation to process improvements. 
 We have embraced a partnership model to help diversify our consumer business and learn from innovators in the industry. We position ourselves with strategic partners when it is the best experience for our Customers and aligned to our strategic plan. Through these partnerships, we look forward to offering and supporting even more innovative products to the financial services marketplace, continuing our organizational learning in this fast-developing space, and participating in value creation for our stockholders. These current partnerships include: 
 Spring EQ, LLC: A digital mortgage solution specializing in home equity, refinancing, cash out, and home purchase loans. 
 Upstart: A leading white label lending-as-a-service platform provider specializing in risk-based priced unsecured consumer loans. Our partnership with Upstart allowed us to expand our personal loan offerings to a wider, more inclusive Customer base while diversifying our business and creating more digital-friendly Customer experiences. 
 LendKey Technologies, Inc.: A digital lending platform that specializes in student loans and student loan refinancing. 
 Cred Technologies (cred.ai): A Philadelphia-based fintech company that provides a high-tech, mobile-first everyday card spending experience. Through our partnership with cred.ai, we issue credit cards and provide deposit accounts. 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 We manage our risks through our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program administered by the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) and ERM department. Our stand-alone ERM department is separate from our lines of business. Formal Risk Appetite Statements have been developed for each risk category throughout the institution; these statements are reviewed and approved by the Board annually. From a regulatory perspective, our ERM program is evaluated as part of the regular Safety and Soundness examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC). 
 11 

Key Risk Indicators (KRIs) or risk metrics are continually monitored in relation to risk appetite though a Risk Assessment Summary dashboard. Each KRI has an assigned quantitative tolerance level which considers our overall risk appetite, regulatory requirements, the bank s peer group statistics, best practices, and general industry guidelines. As part of our ERM program, approximately 95 KRIs are monitored company-wide. In the event that risk levels exceed our defined risk appetite, management action is required. 
 The ERM department facilitates a Risk Liaison program, consisting of individuals in the First Line of Defense that monitor and report risks from their respective business lines. ERM engages and has credible challenge discussions with Risk Liaisons and business line leaders to gather information for ERM reporting. ERM reporting is also provided to the Board of Directors quarterly. In addition, our Management Risk Committee (MRC), which meets each quarter, provides management governance and oversight of the Company's risk management program on an enterprise-wide basis, and includes members of the Company's executive and senior management teams. 
 
 Market Demographics 
 Our primary market is the Greater Philadelphia and Delaware region, including southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey. This market benefits from an urban concentration as well as from a unique political, legal, tax and business environment. The following table shows key demographics for our markets compared to the national average. 
 (Most recent available statistics) Delaware Southeastern 
 Pennsylvania (1) 
 Southern New Jersey (2) 
 National Average Unemployment (For November 2022) (3) (4) (5) 
 4.4 3.2 3.0 3.6 Median Household Income (2017-2021) (6) 
 72,724 88,336 85,710 69,021 Population Growth (2020-2021) (7) 
 1.5 (0.5) 0.3 0.2 
 (1) Comprised of Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery, and Philadelphia Counties 
 (2) Comprised of Burlington and Camden Counties 
 (3) Bureau of Labor Statistics - Delaware and National unemployment rates are as of November 2022, seasonally adjusted 
 (4) Bureau of Labor Statistics - Southeastern Pennsylvania unemployment rate is a simple average of the November 2022 not seasonally adjusted unemployment rates for Bucks, Chester, Delaware, Montgomery, and Philadelphia Counties 
 (5) Bureau of Labor Statistics - Southern New Jersey unemployment rate is a simple average of the November 2022 not seasonally adjusted unemployment rates for Burlington and Camden Counties 
 (6) U.S. Census Bureau - Quick Facts 2017 - 2021 
 (7) U.S. Census Bureau - Quick Facts 2020 - 2021 

DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Condensed average balance sheets for each of the last two years and analyses of net interest income and changes in net interest income due to changes in volume and rate are presented in Results of Operations included in the section entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

12 

CREDIT EXTENSION ACTIVITIES 
 Over the past several years we have focused on growing the more profitable, relationship-oriented segments of our loan portfolio. Our current portfolio lending activity is concentrated on small- to mid-sized businesses in the mid-Atlantic region of the U.S., primarily in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, Maryland and northern Virginia. Based on current market conditions, we expect our focus on growing commercial and industrial loans and other relationship-based commercial loans to continue during the remainder of 2023 and beyond. 
 The following table shows the composition of our loan and lease portfolio at year-end for the last two years: 
 At December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount Percent Amount Percent Types of Loans Commercial and industrial (1) 
 2,575,345 21.9 1,918,043 24.6 Owner-occupied commercial 1,809,582 15.4 1,341,707 17.2 Commercial mortgages 3,351,084 28.4 1,881,510 24.2 Construction 1,044,049 8.9 687,213 8.8 Commercial small business leases 558,981 4.8 352,276 4.5 Residential (2) 
 761,882 6.5 546,667 7.0 Consumer (3) 
 1,810,930 15.4 1,158,573 14.9 Gross loans and leases 11,911,853 101.3 7,885,989 101.2 Less: Allowance for credit losses 151,861 1.3 94,507 1.2 Net loans and leases (4) 
 11,759,992 100.0 7,791,482 100.0 
 (1) Includes 3.8 million and 31.5 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes reverse mortgages, at fair value of 2.4 million and 3.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 (4) Excludes 43.0 million and 113.3 million of commercial and industrial loans and residential loans held for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 13 

The following table shows the remaining contractual maturity and rate sensitivity of the loan portfolio by loan category as of December 31, 2022. Loans may be pre-paid, so the actual maturity may differ from the contractual maturity. Prepayments tend to be highly dependent upon the interest rate environment. Loans having no stated maturity or repayment schedule are reported in the "Less than One Year" category. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Less than 
 One Year 
 One to 
 Five Years 
 Five to Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Commercial and industrial (1) 
 Interest rate: Fixed 28,458 459,008 215,925 45,473 748,864 Adjustable 380,652 907,746 477,561 60,522 1,826,481 Total 409,110 1,366,754 693,486 105,995 2,575,345 Owner-occupied commercial Interest rate: Fixed 64,561 333,948 453,014 196,518 1,048,041 Adjustable 51,172 215,512 430,218 64,639 761,541 Total 115,733 549,460 883,232 261,157 1,809,582 Commercial mortgages Interest rate: Fixed 193,552 740,930 434,508 160,893 1,529,883 Adjustable 136,687 553,069 1,047,788 83,657 1,821,201 Total 330,239 1,293,999 1,482,296 244,550 3,351,084 Construction Interest rate: Fixed 6,693 20,098 49,698 6,175 82,664 Adjustable 352,347 353,031 246,354 9,653 961,385 Total 359,040 373,129 296,052 15,828 1,044,049 Commercial small business leases Interest rate: Fixed 21,935 432,669 104,377 558,981 Adjustable Total 21,935 432,669 104,377 558,981 Residential (2) 
 Interest rate: Fixed 10,110 15,885 117,264 474,181 617,440 Adjustable (3) 
 10 341 25,122 116,552 142,025 Total 10,120 16,226 142,386 590,733 759,465 Consumer Interest rate: Fixed 1,428 329,282 429,403 502,933 1,263,046 Adjustable 13,644 53,009 21,949 459,282 547,884 Total 15,072 382,291 451,352 962,215 1,810,930 Total loans and leases 1,261,249 4,414,528 4,053,181 2,180,478 11,909,436 
 (1) Includes 3.8 million of PPP loans. 
 (2) Excludes reverse mortgages at fair value of 2.4 million. 
 (3) Includes hybrid adjustable-rate mortgages. 
 
 14 

Commercial Lending 
 Pursuant to section 5(c) of the Home Owners Loan Act (HOLA), federal savings banks are generally permitted to invest up to 400 of their total regulatory capital in nonresidential real estate loans and up to 20 of their assets in commercial loans, but no more than 10 may be in loans that do not qualify as small business loans. As a federal savings bank that was formerly chartered as a Delaware savings bank, the Bank has certain additional lending authority. 
 Commercial, owner-occupied commercial, commercial mortgage and construction loans have higher levels of risk than residential lending. These loans typically involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, the payment experience on loans secured by income-producing properties is typically dependent on the successful operation of the related real estate project and may be more subject to adverse conditions in the commercial real estate market or in the general economy than residential loans. The majority of our commercial and commercial mortgage loans are concentrated in Delaware and Pennsylvania. 
 We offer commercial mortgage loans on multi-family properties and on other commercial real estate. Generally, loan-to-value ratios for these loans do not exceed 80 of appraised value at origination. 
 Our commercial mortgage portfolio was 3.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Generally, this portfolio is diversified by property type, with no type representing more than 72 of the portfolio. The largest type is retail-related (non-mall, neighborhood shopping centers and other retail) with balances of 2.4 billion at December 31, 2022. The average size of a loan in the commercial mortgage portfolio is 1.0 million and only 28 loans are greater than 12.0 million, with five loans greater than 24.0 million. 
 We offer commercial construction loans to developers. In some cases these loans are made as construction/permanent loans, which provides for disbursement of loan funds during construction with the option of conversion to mini-permanent loans (one - five years) upon completion of construction. These construction loans are short-term, usually not exceeding three years, with interest rates generally indexed to our WSFS prime rate, the Wall Street prime rate or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), and are adjusted periodically as these indices change. The loan appraisal process includes the same evaluation criteria as required for permanent mortgage loans, but also takes into consideration: completed plans, specifications, comparables and cost estimates. Prior to approval of each loan, these criteria are used as a basis to determine the appraised value of the subject property when completed. Our policy requires that all appraisals be reviewed independently from our commercial business development staff. At origination, the loan-to-value ratios for construction loans generally do not exceed 75 . The initial interest rate on the permanent portion of the financing is determined by the prevailing market rate at the time of conversion to the permanent loan. At December 31, 2022, 1.7 billion was committed for construction loans, of which 1.0 billion was outstanding. Also at December 31, 2022, the residential construction and land development (CLD) portfolio represented 588.0 million, or 5 , of total loans and the commercial CLD portfolio represented 321.9 million, or 3 , of total loans. At December 31, 2022, the construction portfolio included 53.2 million of land hold loans, which are land loans not currently being developed. 
 Commercial and industrial and owner-occupied commercial loans include loans for working capital, financing equipment and real estate acquisitions, business expansion and other business purposes. These relationships generally range in amounts of up to 82.6 million with an average loan balance in the portfolio of 1.4 million, and terms ranging from less than one year to ten years. The loans generally carry variable interest rates indexed to our WSFS prime rate, Wall Street prime rate or SOFR. At December 31, 2022, our commercial and industrial and owner-occupied commercial loan portfolios were 4.4 billion and represented 37 of our total loan and lease portfolio. These loans are diversified by industry, with no industry representing more than 18 of the portfolio. 
 Small business and middle market commercial loans that include specialty-lending products, including small business leases and SBA loans, comprise the remainder of our commercial portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, our small business and SBA loans include loan exposures up to 3.3 million and 2.7 million, respectively. 
 Our commercial small business leases generated through NewLane Finance , finance critical equipment through advanced technologies, a customer-centric approach and transparent business lending practices. The commercial small business leases portfolio was 559.0 million, or 5 of total loans, at December 31, 2022. These leases included initial average deal sizes of approximately 29 thousand, with yields ranging from 5 to 25 and initial maturity terms of 12 to 84 months. 
 Federal law limits the Bank s extensions of credit to any one borrower to 15 of our unimpaired capital (approximately 323.3 million), and an additional 10 if the additional extensions of credit are secured by readily marketable collateral. Extensions of credit include outstanding loans as well as contractual commitments to advance funds, such as standby letters of credit. At December 31, 2022, no borrower had collective (relationship) total extensions of credit exceeding these legal lending limits. Our internal "House Limit" to any one borrowing relationship is 100.0 million. 
 15 

Residential Lending 
 Generally, we originate held-for-sale residential first mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios of up to 90 and require private mortgage insurance or government guarantee for up to 35 of the mortgage amount for mortgage loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 80 . On a very limited basis, we have originated or purchased loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 80 without a private mortgage insurance requirement or government guarantee. Any such loans are originated for sale into the secondary market. At December 31, 2022, the balance of all such loans was approximately 66.0 million. 
 Our residential loans generally are underwritten and documented in accordance with standard underwriting criteria published by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Federal Housing Agency, Veterans Administration, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and other secondary market participants to assure maximum eligibility for subsequent sale in the secondary market. 
 To protect the propriety of our liens, we require borrowers to provide title insurance. We also require fire, extended coverage casualty and flood insurance (where applicable) for properties securing residential loans. All properties securing our residential loans are appraised by independent, licensed and certified appraisers and are subject to review in accordance with our standards. The exception to this policy is when we in limited circumstances receive an "appraisal waiver" from one of the governmental agencies, Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. 
 The majority of our adjustable-rate, residential loans have interest rates that adjust yearly or bi-yearly after an initial period. The change in rate for the first adjustment date could be higher than the typical limited rate change of two percentage points at each subsequent adjustment date. Adjustments are generally based upon a margin (as of December 31, 2022, ranging from 2.50 to 2.75 for the U.S Treasury, and 2.75 for the Standard Overnight Finance Rate) over the weekly average yield on U.S. Treasury securities adjusted to a constant maturity, as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve). 
 Usually, the maximum rate on these loans is five percent above the initial interest rate. We underwrite adjustable-rate loans under standards consistent with private mortgage insurance and secondary market underwriting criteria. We do not originate adjustable-rate mortgages with payment limitations that could produce negative amortization. 
 The adjustable-rate mortgage loans in our loan portfolio help mitigate the risk related to our exposure to changes in interest rates. However, there are unquantifiable credit risks resulting from potential increased costs to the borrower as a result of re-pricing adjustable-rate mortgage loans. During periods of rising interest rates, the risk of default on adjustable-rate mortgage loans may increase due to the upward adjustment of interest costs to the borrower. Further, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans allow us to increase the sensitivity of our asset base to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest sensitivity is limited by the periodic and lifetime interest rate adjustment limitations. Accordingly, yields on our adjustable-rate mortgages may not adjust sufficiently to compensate for increases to our cost of funds during periods of extreme interest rate increases. 
 The original contractual loan payment period for residential loans is normally 10 to 30 years. Because borrowers may refinance or prepay their loans without penalty, these loans tend to remain outstanding for a substantially shorter period of time. First mortgage loans customarily include due-on-sale clauses. This provision gives us the right to declare a loan immediately due and payable in the event the borrower sells or otherwise disposes of the real property subject to the mortgage. We enforce due-on-sale clauses through foreclosure and other legal proceedings to the extent available under applicable laws. 
 In general, loans are sold without recourse except for the repurchase right arising from standard contract provisions covering violation of representations and warranties or, under certain investor contracts, a default by the borrower on the first payment. We also have limited recourse exposure under certain investor contracts in the event a borrower prepays a loan in total within a specified period after sale, typically 120 days. The recourse is limited to a pro rata portion of the premium paid by the investor for that loan, less any prepayment penalty collectible from the borrower. There were two loans repurchased in 2022 for 0.8 million, and no repurchases in 2021 and 2020. 
 Consumer Lending 
 The Company has focused on diversifying our consumer credit products to meet our Customers needs, with over 50 of the portfolio from our fintech lending partnerships. We purchase certain second-lien home equity installment loans through our partnership with Spring EQ, LLC (Spring EQ). These select loans meet or exceed our current underwriting standards and are similar to home equity loans originated through our branch network. We originate personal loans, which are typically unsecured with 36-month or 60-month terms, through our partnership with Upstart. We have student loans through our partnership with LendKey Technologies Inc. (LendKey). LendKey student loans are primarily to consolidate existing student debt and are also underwritten in accordance with our current credit standards. The student loans portfolio also includes loans acquired from past acquisitions, which are U.S. government guaranteed with little risk of credit loss. 
 16 

Our in-house originations consist primarily of home equity lines of credit and installment loans. At December 31, 2022, home equity lines of credit outstanding totaled 495.8 million and installment loans totaled 179.9 million. In total, these product lines represented approximately 37 of total consumer loans. Typically, maximum loan to value (LTV) limits are 85 for primary residences and 70 for all other properties. At December 31, 2022, we had 1.4 billion in total commitments for home equity lines of credit. Home equity lines of credit offer customers the convenience of checkbook and debit card access, and revolving credit features for a portion of the life of the loan and typically are more attractive in a low interest rate environment. Home equity lines of credit expose us to the risk that falling collateral values may leave us inadequately secured. This credit risk is mitigated by our underwriting standards and limit on the combined LTV on residences with a value greater than 2.5 million. 
 The following table shows the composition of our consumer loan portfolio at year-end for the last two years: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Consumer Partnerships (1) 
 967,829 54 510,808 44 Home equity lines of credit 495,755 27 361,486 31 Installment Loans - Other (2) 
 179,939 10 142,909 12 Education loans 95,920 5 110,342 10 Unsecured lines of credit 71,487 4 33,028 3 Total consumer loans 1,810,930 100 1,158,573 100 
 (1) Includes Spring EQ, Upstart, and LendKey portfolios. 
 (2) Includes secured and unsecured installment loans, personal and other loans. 
 
 Loan Originations, Purchases and Sales 
 We engage in traditional lending activities primarily in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and contiguous areas of neighboring states. As a federal savings bank, however, we may originate, purchase and sell loans throughout the U.S. We purchase loans from outside our traditional lending area through our relationships with Spring EQ and LendKey, when such purchases are deemed appropriate. We originate fixed-rate and adjustable-rate residential loans through our banking offices and WSFS Mortgage , our mortgage banking company, and personal loans through our partnership with Upstart. 
 Commercial: We originate commercial mortgage and commercial loans through our commercial lending division and SBA loan program. Commercial loans are made for working capital, financing equipment acquisitions, business expansion and other business purposes. During 2022, we originated 2.3 billion of commercial and commercial mortgage loan exposures compared to 1.5 billion in 2021. To reduce our exposure on certain types of these loans, and/or to maintain relationships within internal lending limits, at times we will sell a portion of our commercial loan portfolio, typically through loan participations. Commercial loan sales totaled 201.6 million and 58.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts represent gross contract amounts and do not necessarily reflect amounts outstanding on those loans. We also periodically buy loan participations from other banks. Commercial loan participation purchases totaled 241.9 million and 50.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commercial credit approvals require a minimum of two authorized signers, and three signers, of escalating authority, are required for new credit actions to relationships with exposure over 2.5 million up to 35 million. New credit actions to relationships exceeding 35 million, along with new single transactions of 30 million or more, new transactions exceeding the Bank s Single Borrower or Project Hold limits and new transactions of 10 million or more with two or more Tier 1 exceptions require approval by Senior Loan Committee. Our credit policy includes a House Limit to any one borrowing relationship of 100.0 million. Our policy allows for 10 relationships with an aggregate exposure in excess of the "House Limit" not to exceed 10 of Tier 1 Capital plus ACL. At December 31, 2022, no relationships exceeded the 100.0 million House Limit. 
 Residential and Consumer: During 2022, we originated 493.5 million of residential loans, a decrease compared to 976.9 million in 2021. From time to time, we have purchased whole loans and loan participations in accordance with our ongoing asset and liability management objectives. There were no purchases in 2022 related to our Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) obligations compared to 2.3 million of purchases in 2021. We sell most newly originated mortgage loans in the secondary market to generate fee income and to manage our overall balance sheet mix. Residential loan sales totaled 498.1 million in 2022 and 965.7 million in 2021. We hold certain fixed-rate mortgage loans for investment, consistent with our current asset/liability management strategies and our relationship-based lending philosophy. 
 17 

At December 31, 2022, we serviced 286.4 million of residential first mortgage loans and reverse mortgage loans for others, compared to 91.5 million at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had 233.7 million of residential first mortgage loans serviced by others. We also serviced residential first mortgage loans and reverse mortgage loans for our own portfolio totaling 528.2 million and 546.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We offer government-insured reverse mortgages to our customers. These loans do not close in our name and we process them as a reverse mortgage broker. During 2022 and 2021, we originated 0.8 million and 1.8 million in reverse mortgages, respectively. 
 Our consumer lending activity is conducted through our branch offices, our partnerships with Spring EQ, Upstart, and LendKey and referrals from other parts of our business. We originate a variety of consumer credit products including home improvement loans, home equity lines of credit, automobile loans, unsecured lines of credit and other secured and unsecured personal installment loans. 
 Fee Income from Lending Activities 
 We earn fee income from lending activities, including fees for originating, servicing and selling loans and loan participations. We also receive fee income for making commitments to originate construction, residential and commercial mortgage loans. Additionally, we collect fees related to existing loans which include prepayment charges, late charges, assumption fees and interest rate swap fees. As part of the loan application process, the borrower also may pay us for out-of-pocket costs to review the application, whether or not the loan is closed. 
 Most loan fees are not recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Income immediately, but are deferred as adjustments to yield in accordance with GAAP, and are reflected in interest income over the expected life of the loan. Those fees represented interest income of 12.1 million, 25.4 million and 23.5 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. Loan fee income was mainly due to fee accretion on new and existing loans (including the acceleration of the accretion on loans that paid early), loan growth and prepayment penalties. The higher loan fee income in 2021 and 2020 was concentrated in commercial and industrial due to 15.4 million and 15.6 million in fees earned on PPP loans, respectively. 
 LOAN AND LEASE LOSS EXPERIENCE, PROBLEM ASSETS AND DELINQUENCIES 
 Our results of operations can be negatively impacted by nonperforming assets, which include nonaccruing loans, other real estate owned and restructured loans. Nonaccruing loans are those on which the accrual of interest has ceased. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status immediately if, in our opinion, collection is doubtful, or when principal or interest is past due 90 days (120 days for leases and consumer loans from our partnership with Upstart) and collateral is insufficient to cover principal and interest payments. Interest accrued, but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status, is reversed and charged against interest income. In addition, the accretion of net deferred loan fees is suspended when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Subsequent cash receipts are applied either to the outstanding principal balance or recorded as interest income, depending on our assessment of the ultimate collectability of principal and interest. 
 We manage our portfolio to identify problem loans as promptly as possible and take immediate actions to minimize losses. To accomplish this, our Risk Management Administration and Credit and Asset Recovery departments monitor the asset quality of our loans and real estate portfolios and reports such information to the Retail Credit Quality Committee, Credit Policy Committee, the Finance Division, and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. 

18 

SOURCES OF FUNDS 
 We manage our liquidity risk and funding needs through our Treasury function and our Asset/Liability Committee. We have significant experience managing our funding needs through both borrowings and deposit growth. 
 As a financial institution, we and the Bank have access to several sources of funding. Among these are: 
 Retained earnings 
 Commercial, consumer, wealth and trust deposits 
 Loan repayments 
 Investment securities 
 Federal funds purchased 
 Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) borrowings 
 Federal Reserve Discount Window access 
 Brokered deposits 
 Trust preferred borrowings 
 Senior and subordinated debt 
 Our branch strategy has been focused on expanding our market penetration and retail footprint in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey and attracting new customers in part to provide additional deposit growth. 
 Deposits 
 WSFS Bank primarily attracts deposits through its retail branch offices and loan production offices, in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey, as well as through our digital banking platforms. 
 WSFS Bank offers various deposit products to our customers, including savings accounts, demand deposits, interest-bearing demand deposits, money market deposit accounts and certificates of deposit. In addition, WSFS Bank accepts jumbo certificates of deposit with balances in excess of 250,000 from individuals, businesses and municipalities. 
 The following table shows the maturities of certificates of deposit of 250,000 or more as of December 31, 2022: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Maturity Period December 31, 2022 Less than 3 months 40,481 Over 3 months to 6 months 14,077 Over 6 months to 12 months 96,848 Over 12 months 31,344 Total 182,750 
 The estimated amount of total uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022 was 9.3 billion as compared to 7.5 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 As a member of the FHLB, we are able to obtain FHLB advances. At December 31, 2022, we had 350.0 million FHLB advances compared to no FHLB advances at December 31, 2021. Pursuant to collateral agreements with the FHLB, the advances are secured by qualifying first mortgage loans, qualifying fixed-income securities, FHLB stock and an interest-bearing demand deposit account with the FHLB. As a member of the FHLB, we are required to purchase and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB and we were in compliance with this requirement with a stock investment in FHLB of 24.1 million as of December 31, 2022 and with 6.1 million at December 31, 2021. 
 We received 0.3 million in dividends from the FHLB during 2022 compared to 0.1 million during 2021. For additional information regarding FHLB stock, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 19 

Trust Preferred Borrowings 
 In 2005, the Company issued 67.0 million of aggregate principal amount of Pooled Floating Rate Securities at a variable interest rate of 177 basis points over the three-month LIBOR rate. These securities are currently callable and have a maturity date of June 1, 2035. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, WSFS acquired Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I (Trust I) and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II (Trust II) (collectively, the Trusts), which were utilized for the sole purpose of issuing and selling capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests. Although WSFS owns an aggregate of 774.0 thousand of the common securities of Trust I and Trust II, the Trusts are not consolidated into the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements as the Corporation is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these entities. Inclusive of the fair value marks, WSFS assumed junior subordinated debentures to the Trusts with a carrying value of 11.7 million each, totaling 23.4 million. The junior subordinated debentures incur interest at a coupon rate of 6.92 as of December 31, 2022. The rate resets quarterly based on 3-month LIBOR plus 2.15 . 
 Each of Trust I and Trust II issued an aggregate principal amount of 12.5 million of capital securities initially bearing fixed and/or fixed/floating interest rates corresponding to the debt securities held by each Trust to an unaffiliated investment vehicle and an aggregate principal amount of 387.0 thousand of common securities bearing fixed and/or fixed/floating interest rates corresponding to the debt securities held by each Trust to the Company. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of the obligations of the Trusts, including any distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the capital securities. 
 The rights of holders of common securities of the Trusts are subordinate to the rights of the holders of capital securities only in the event of a default; otherwise, the common securities economic and voting rights are pari passu with the capital securities. The capital and common securities of the Trusts are subject to mandatory redemption upon the maturity or call of the junior subordinated debentures held by each. Unless earlier dissolved, the Trusts will dissolve on December 15, 2034. The junior subordinated debentures are the sole assets of Trusts, mature on December 15, 2034, and may be called at par by the Company any time. The Company records its investments in the Trusts common securities of 387.0 thousand each as investments in unconsolidated entities and records dividend income upon declaration by Trust I and Trust II. 
 Senior and Subordinated Debt 
 On December 3, 2020, the Company issued 150.0 million of senior notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes). The 2030 Notes mature on December 15, 2030 and have a fixed coupon rate of 2.75 from issuance until December 15, 2025 and a variable coupon rate equal to the three-month term SOFR, reset quarterly, plus 2.485 from December 15, 2025 until maturity. The 2030 Notes may be redeemed beginning December 15, 2025 at 100 of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, the Company assumed 30.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes) which were issued in a private placement to institutional accredited investors on August 6, 2015. The 2025 Notes mature on August 15, 2025, and currently bear interest at a variable rate that resets quarterly to a level equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus 3.068 until August 15, 2025, or any early redemption date. Effective February 15, 2023, the Company redeemed all remaining outstanding principal amount of the 2025 Notes. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, the Company assumed 70.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes) which were issued by BMBC in an underwritten public offering on December 13, 2017. The 2027 Notes mature on December 15, 2027, and currently bear interest at a variable rate that will reset quarterly to a level equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus 2.05 until December 15, 2027, or any early redemption date. 

20 

Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures included in Item 1 
 We prepare our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we provide the following non-GAAP financial measures in Item 1: core ROA and the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio. We believe these measures provide investors with useful information for understanding the Company s performance when analyzing changes in our underlying business between reporting periods and provide for greater transparency with respect to supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision making. We believe the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures, when used in conjunction with GAAP financial measures, is a useful financial analysis tool that can assist investors in assessing the company s operating performance and underlying prospects. This analysis should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 
 Core ROA is calculated as follows: For the year ended (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Calculation of Core ROA (non-GAAP): Net income attributable to WSFS (GAAP) 222,375 Less: Unrealized gains on equity investments, net (5,980) Plus: Visa derivative valuation adjustment 2,877 Corporate development and restructuring expenses 65,222 Less: Tax impact of pre-tax adjustments (13,809) Adjusted net income (non-GAAP) 270,685 Average assets 20,463,695 ROA (GAAP) 1.09 Core ROA (non-GAAP) 1.32 
 The tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio is calculated as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 Period End Tangible Assets Period end assets 19,914,755 Goodwill and intangible assets (1,012,232) Tangible assets 18,902,523 Period End Tangible Common Equity Period end Stockholder s equity of WSFS 2,205,113 Goodwill and intangible assets (1,012,232) Tangible common equity 1,192,881 Tangible common equity to assets 6.31 

21 

REGULATION 
 Overview 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to extensive federal and state banking laws, regulations, and policies that are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the banking system as a whole, and not for the protection of our other creditors and stockholders. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) is the Bank s primary regulator and the Federal Reserve is the Company s primary regulator. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) regulates the Bank s compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws. 
 The statutes enforced by, and regulations and policies of, these agencies affect most aspects of our business, including prescribing permissible types of activities and investments, the amount of required capital and reserves, requirements for branch offices, the permissible scope of our activities and various other requirements. These laws and regulations and the ways in which they are applied to us can change significantly. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act, which was enacted in 2010 and amended by the Economic Growth Act in 2018, imposed significant new restrictions and an expanded framework of regulatory oversight for banking institutions and their holding companies. 
 The Bank s deposits are insured by the FDIC to the fullest extent allowed by law. As an insurer of bank deposits, the FDIC promulgates regulations, requires the filing of reports, and has authority to examine the operations of all institutions to which it provides deposit insurance for insurance purposes. 
 The laws and regulations to which the Company and the Bank are subject cover all aspects of our business, including lending and collection practices, treatment of our customers, safeguarding deposits, customer privacy and information security, capital structure, liquidity, dividends and other capital distributions, transactions with affiliates and conduct and qualifications of personnel. Such laws and regulations directly and indirectly affect key drivers of our profitability, including, for example, capital and liquidity, product offerings, risk management, and costs of compliance. As a result, the extensive laws and regulations to which we are subject and with which we must comply significantly impact our earnings, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. The impact of such regulations on our business is discussed further below, as well as in "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Risk Factors Risks Relating to Regulation." 
 Transition from London Inter-Bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) 
 In 2014, a committee of private-market derivative participants and their regulators, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee (ARRC), was convened by the Federal Reserve to identify an alternative reference interest rate to replace LIBOR. In June 2017, the ARRC announced the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative to LIBOR. The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), ceased publishing most LIBOR settings as of January 1, 2022, however, the FCA will continue to publish five U.S. LIBOR settings through mid-2023. The Federal Reserve has continued to encourage banks to transition away from LIBOR as soon as practicable and the federal banking agencies have encouraged banking organizations to cease entering into new contracts that use U.S. LIBOR as a reference rate by no later than December 31, 2021, and to ensure existing contracts have robust fallback language that includes a clearly defined alternative reference rate. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published SOFR rates on a daily basis since April 2018 and has published SOFR "term rates" daily since early 2020. 
 The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, which develops standardized language for the derivatives contracts that we enter into, has developed language that took effect in January 2021 replacing LIBOR with alternative risk-free benchmark rates, including SOFR for derivative contracts denominated in U.S. dollars. In 2021 the ARRC announced the SOFR program, which created a phased transition for switching trading conventions from USD LIBOR to SOFR for multiple financial instruments during the second half of 2021. The program is intended to migrate the market from LIBOR and create liquidity in SOFR. 
 Given LIBOR s extensive use across financial markets, the transition away from LIBOR presents various risks and challenges to financial markets and institutions, including to the Company. The Company s commercial and consumer businesses issue, trade, and hold various products that are indexed to LIBOR. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 2.7 billion of loans and 2.0 billion of derivatives that are utilized for customer guarantees, indexed to LIBOR, that mature after 2022. In addition, the Company had approximately 192.8 million of debt securities indexed to LIBOR as of December 31, 2022, including million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2025 that were redeemed in full on February 15, 2023. The Company had one investment security totaling 0.5 million, and no repurchase and resale agreements or FHLB advances indexed to LIBOR as of December 31, 2022. 
 22 

Due to the uncertainty surrounding the future of LIBOR, it is expected that the transition will span several reporting periods through June 2023. A cross-functional team from Finance, Commercial and Consumer Lending, Risk and IT is leading our efforts to monitor this activity and evaluate the related risks and potential process changes arising from the transition from LIBOR. An internal risk assessment was completed and the cross-functional team is working towards the migration of our existing contracts and system implementation. Our variable or floating rate instruments currently use LIBOR and give us discretion to determine a replacement benchmark rate if LIBOR becomes unavailable. In the first quarter of 2022, the Bank began utilizing Term SOFR as a replacement to LIBOR. Term SOFR was identified as the primary successor for 1 month and 3 month LIBOR due to operational similarities and ease of conversion. We are still considering the appropriate transition for our legacy contracts; however, we have begun to shift new products primarily to Term SOFR and are actively migrating the existing LIBOR indexed loan portfolio away from the LIBOR index. 
 For additional information related to the potential impact surrounding the transition from LIBOR on the Company s business, see "Risk Factors." 

23 

Regulation of the Company 
 General 
 The Company is a registered savings and loan holding company and is subject to the regulation, examination, supervision and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve conducts regular safety and soundness examinations or inspections of the Company, which result in ratings for risk management, financial condition, and potential impact on subsidiary depository institution(s), a composite rating, and a rating for subsidiary depository institution(s) (referred to collectively as the RFI/C(D) rating). The Federal Reserve treats the ratings and the examination reports as highly confidential, and they are not available to the public. 
 The Company is also a public company subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC. We file electronically with the SEC our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We make available on the investor relations page of our website at www.wsfsbank.com , free of charge, copies of these reports as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing them to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Restrictions on Acquisitions 
 Federal law generally prohibits a savings and loan holding company from acquiring, without prior regulatory approval, direct or indirect control, all or substantially all of the assets, or more than 5 of the voting shares of a savings association or savings and loan holding company. These provisions also prohibit, among other things, any director or officer of a savings and loan holding company, or any individual who owns or controls more than 25 of the voting shares of such holding company, from acquiring control of any savings association that is not a subsidiary of such savings and loan holding company, unless the acquisition is approved by the Federal Reserve. Comparable restrictions apply to a savings and loan holding company s acquisition or control of a bank or bank holding company although in such event the savings and loan holding company would become a bank holding company. 
 The Company is a grandfathered unitary thrift holding company, a status that allows us to acquire companies or business lines that engage in a wide range of non-banking activities. Should we lose that status, we will be constrained in our ability to acquire many non-banking companies or business lines. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices 
 Savings and loan holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries are prohibited from engaging in activities that represent unsafe and unsound banking practices or constitute violations of laws or regulations. For example, the Federal Reserve opposes any repurchase of common stock or any other regulatory capital instrument if the repurchase would be inconsistent with the savings and loan holding company s prospective capital needs and continued safe and sound operation. As another example, a savings and loan holding company may not impair its subsidiary savings association s soundness by causing it to make funds available to non-depository subsidiaries or their customers if the Federal Reserve believes it not prudent for the Company to do so. The Federal Reserve can assess civil money penalties on a party for unsafe and unsound activities conducted on a knowing or reckless basis, if those activities caused a loss to an institution or pecuniary gain to the party. The penalties can range up to 25,000 for certain reckless violations and up to 1.0 million for certain knowing violations for each day such a violation continues. 
 Source of Strength 
 Confirming a longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the Company to act as a source of financial strength to the Bank in the event of financial distress at the Bank. Under this standard, the Company is expected to commit resources to support the Bank, including at times when the Company would not otherwise be inclined to do so. The Federal Reserve also expects the Company to provide managerial support to the Bank as needed. The Federal Reserve may require a savings and loan holding company to terminate an otherwise lawful activity or divest control of a subsidiary if the activity or subsidiary poses a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness, or stability of a subsidiary savings association and is inconsistent with sound banking principles. 
 In addition, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the capital rules for savings and loan holding companies are no less stringent than those that apply to their subsidiary savings associations. 
 24 

Dividends 
 The principal sources of the Company s cash are debt issuances and dividends from the Bank, supplemented by dividends from its other operating subsidiaries (including Powdermill , Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC, The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware, and WSFS SPE Services, LLC). Our earnings and activities are affected by federal, state and local laws and regulations. For example, these include limitations on the ability of the Bank to pay dividends to the holding company and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. It is the policy of the Federal Reserve that holding companies should pay cash dividends on common stock only out of earnings available for the period for which the dividend is being paid and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future capital needs and current and prospective financial condition. The policy provides that holding companies should not maintain a level of cash dividends that undermines the holding company s ability to serve as a source of strength to its banking subsidiary. Consistent with this policy, a banking organization should have comprehensive policies on dividend payments that clearly articulate the organization s objectives and approaches for maintaining a strong capital position and achieving the objectives of the Federal Reserve s policy statement. 
 A Federal Reserve supervisory letter setting forth expectations for the payment of dividends by holding companies states that a holding company s board of directors considering the payment of dividends should consider, among other things, the following factors: (i) overall asset quality, potential need to increase reserves and write down assets, and concentrations of credit; (ii) the potential for unanticipated losses and declines in asset values; (iii) implicit and explicit liquidity and credit commitments, including off-balance sheet and contingent liabilities; (iv) the quality and level of current and prospective earnings, including earnings capacity under a number of plausible economic scenarios; (v) current and prospective cash flow and liquidity; (vi) the ability to serve as an ongoing source of financial and managerial strength to depository institution subsidiaries insured by the FDIC, including the extent of double leverage and the condition of subsidiary depository institutions; (vii) other risks that affect the holding company s financial condition and are not fully captured in regulatory capital calculations; (viii) the level, composition, and quality of capital; and (ix) the ability to raise additional equity capital in prevailing market and economic conditions (the Dividend Factors). It is particularly important for a holding company s board of directors to ensure that the level of a prospective dividend is prudent relative to the organization s financial position and is not based on overly optimistic earnings scenarios. In addition, a holding company s board of directors should strongly consider, after careful analysis of the Dividend Factors, reducing, deferring, or eliminating dividends when the quantity and quality of the holding company s earnings have declined or the holding company is experiencing other financial problems, or when the macroeconomic outlook for the holding company s primary profit centers has deteriorated. The supervisory letter also states that, as a general matter, a holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce its distributions if: (i) its net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (ii) its prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with its capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition, or (iii) it will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Failure to do so could result in a supervisory finding that the holding company is operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. 
 Additionally, as discussed above, the Federal Reserve possesses enforcement powers over savings and loan holding companies and their non-bank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices, or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the authority to proscribe the payment of dividends by bank and savings and loan holding companies. 
 Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC 
 Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Investment Advisers Act) and as such is supervised by the SEC. The Investment Advisers Act imposes numerous obligations on registered investment advisers, including record-keeping, operational and marketing requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities. The SEC is authorized to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations of the Investment Advisers Act, ranging from fines and censure to termination of an investment adviser s registration. Investment advisers also are subject to certain state securities laws and regulations. Noncompliance with the Investment Advisers Act or other federal and state securities laws and regulations could result in investigations, sanctions, disgorgement, fines and reputation damage. 

25 

Regulation of WSFS Bank 
 General 
 As a federally chartered savings association the Bank is subject to regulation, examination and supervision by the OCC. The OCC conducts regular safety and soundness examinations of the Bank, which result in ratings for capital, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to market risk and a composite rating (referred to collectively as the CAMELS ratings). The OCC treats the CAMELS ratings and the examination reports as highly confidential, and they are not available to the public. The lending activities and other investments of the Bank must comply with various federal regulatory requirements. The OCC periodically examines the Bank regarding information technology, asset management/trust, and compliance with certain regulatory requirements. The Bank must file reports with the OCC describing its activities and financial condition, including a quarterly call report that is publicly available. The FDIC also has the authority to conduct special examinations of the Bank. The CFPB has exclusive authority to examine the Bank for compliance with federal consumer financial laws. The Bank is also subject to certain reserve requirements promulgated by the Federal Reserve. 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders; Tying Arrangements 
 The Bank is subject to certain restrictions in its dealings with us and our affiliates. Transactions between savings associations and any affiliate are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, with additional limitations found in Section 11 of the Home Owners Loan Act. An affiliate of a savings association, generally, is any company or entity which controls or is under common control with the savings association. Some but not all subsidiaries of a savings association may be exempt from the definition of an affiliate. In a holding company context, the parent holding company of a savings association (such as the Company) and any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company are affiliates of the savings association. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B (i) limit the extent to which the savings association or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of such institution s capital stock and surplus, and limit the aggregate of all such transactions with all affiliates to an amount equal to 20 of such capital stock and surplus and (ii) require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, to the institution or subsidiary as those that would be provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans to an affiliate, purchase of assets from an affiliate, issuance of a guarantee on behalf of an affiliate and several other types of transactions. Extensions of credit to an affiliate usually must be over-collateralized. In addition to the restrictions imposed by Sections 23A and 23B, the Home Owners Loan Act also prohibits a savings association from (i) lending or otherwise extending credit to an affiliate that engages in any activity impermissible for bank holding companies, or (ii) purchasing or investing in any stocks, bonds, debentures, notes or similar obligations of any affiliate, except for the purchase of shares of a subsidiary. 
 Restrictions also apply to extensions of credit by the Bank to its executive officers, directors, principal shareholders, and their related interests and to similar individuals at the Company and the Bank s affiliates. In general, such extensions of credit (i) may not exceed certain dollar limitations, (ii) must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties, and (iii) must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Certain extensions of credit also require the approval of the Bank s Board of Directors. 
 The Bank may not extend credit, lease, sell property, or furnish any service or fix or vary the consideration for the foregoing on the condition that (i) the customer obtain or provide some additional credit, property, or service from or to the Bank or the Company or their subsidiaries (other than a loan, discount, deposit, or trust service or that are related to and usually provided in connection with any such product or service) or (ii) the customer not obtain some other credit, property, or services from a competitor, except to the extent such a condition is reasonably imposed to assure the soundness of the credit extended. The federal banking agencies have, however, allowed banks and savings associations to offer combined-balance discount packages and otherwise to offer more favorable terms if a customer obtains two or more traditional bank products. The law authorizes the Federal Reserve to grant additional exceptions by regulation or order. 
 
 26 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The regulatory capital rules require savings associations and their holding companies to maintain minimum levels of common equity Tier 1 capital equal to at least 4.5 of risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 capital equal to at least 6 of risk-weighted assets, total capital (the aggregate of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) equal to at least 8 of risk-weighted assets, and a leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets equal to at least 4 . In addition, the capital rules subject savings associations and their holding companies to certain limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers if the organization does not maintain a capital conservation buffer with a ratio of common equity Tier 1 to total risk-based assets of at least 2.5 on top of the minimum risk-based capital requirements. As a result, the Bank and the Company must adhere to the following minimum capital ratios to satisfy minimum regulatory capital requirements and to avoid limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers: (i) common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 7.0 ; (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.5 ; (iii) a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.5 , and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 . 
 A related set of rules, discussed below under Prompt Corrective Action, imposes additional requirements on insured depository institutions based on the same risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio. Separately, the Home Owners Loan Act requires a savings association to maintain a ratio of tangible capital to total assets of at least 1.5 . In general terms, tangible capital is Tier 1 capital less intangible assets and certain other assets. 
 Under the regulatory capital rules, the components of common equity Tier 1 capital include common stock instruments (including related surplus), retained earnings, and certain minority interests in the equity accounts of fully consolidated subsidiaries (subject to certain limitations). A savings association must make certain deductions from and adjustments to the sum of these components to determine common equity Tier 1 capital. The required deductions for federal savings associations include, among other items, goodwill (net of associated deferred tax liabilities), certain other intangible assets (net of deferred tax liabilities), certain deferred tax assets, gains on sale in connection with securitization exposures and investments in and extensions of credit to certain subsidiaries engaged in activities not permissible for national banks. The adjustments require several complex calculations and include adjustments to the amounts of deferred tax assets, mortgage servicing assets, and certain investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions that are includable in common equity Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, and certain minority interests in the equity accounts of fully consolidated subsidiaries not included in common equity Tier 1 capital (subject to certain limitations). Tier 2 capital includes subordinated debt with a minimum original maturity of five years, related surplus, certain minority interests in in the equity accounts of fully consolidated subsidiaries not included in Tier 1 capital (subject to certain limitations), and limited amounts of a bank s allowance for credit losses (ACL). Certain deductions and adjustments are necessary for both additional Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. 
 In December 2018, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that allows institutions to elect to phase in the regulatory capital effects of the Current Expected Credit Losses (CECL) accounting standard over three years. In addition, as a result of the CARES Act enacted on March 27, 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued rules that allow banking organizations that implemented CECL in 2020 to elect to mitigate the effects of the CECL accounting standard on their regulatory capital for two years. This two-year delay is in addition to the three-year transition period that the agencies had already made available. We elected to phase in the regulatory capital effects of CECL over three years, January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, and did not defer the effects of CECL for two years before the three-year phase-in period. 
 The capital ratios for the Bank and the Company, as of December 31, 2022, indicate regulatory capital levels in excess of the regulatory minimums and the levels necessary for the Bank to be considered well capitalized. 

27 

Prompt Corrective Action 
 All banks and savings associations are subject to a prompt corrective action regime. This regime is designed primarily to impose increasingly stringent limits on insured depository institutions as their capital deteriorates below certain levels. There are five different capital levels: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. A well-capitalized institution usually is entitled to various regulatory advantages, such as expedited treatment of applications, and no express restrictions on brokered deposits. In order to be well capitalized , an OCC-regulated savings association must have a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5.0 , and not be subject to any written agreement, order or capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the OCC. An adequately capitalized savings association must maintain a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 4.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4.0 . If a savings association falls below any one of these floors, it becomes undercapitalized and subject to a variety of restrictions on its operations. There is no tangible capital requirement under prompt corrective action. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met all of the prerequisites for well-capitalized status. Additionally, for the Company to be considered well capitalized under Federal Reserve regulations, the Bank must be well-capitalized and the Company must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the Federal Reserve to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 Both OCC and Federal Reserve regulations govern capital distributions by federal savings associations to their holding companies. Covered distributions include cash dividends, stock repurchases and other transactions charged to the capital account of a savings association. A savings association must file a notice with the Federal Reserve at least 30 days before making any capital distribution. A federal savings association also must file an application with the OCC for approval of a capital distribution if, among other things: (1) the total capital distributions for the current calendar year (including the proposed capital distribution) exceed the sum of the institution s net income for that year to date plus the institution s retained net income for the preceding two years, (2) the institution would not be well capitalized following the distribution, or (3) the distribution would violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or OCC-imposed condition. If an application to the OCC is not required, the federal savings association must provide the OCC a copy of the notice it files with the Federal Reserve. 
 The OCC may prohibit a proposed capital distribution that would otherwise be permitted by OCC regulations, if the OCC determines that such distribution would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 Under federal law, an insured depository institution cannot make any capital distribution if the capital distribution would cause the institution to become undercapitalized or if it is already undercapitalized. The FDIC also prohibits an insured depository institution from paying dividends on its capital stock or interest on its capital notes or debentures (if such interest is required to be paid only out of net profits) or distributing any of its capital assets while it remains in default in the payment of any assessment due the FDIC. The Bank is currently not in default in any assessment payment to the FDIC. 
 Insurance of Deposit Accounts 
 The Bank s deposits are insured to the maximum extent permitted by the Deposit Insurance Fund. As insurer, the FDIC is authorized to conduct examinations of, and to require reporting by, insured institutions. It also may prohibit any insured institution from engaging in any activity determined by regulation or order to pose a serious threat to the FDIC. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate enforcement actions against savings associations, after giving the OCC an opportunity to take such action. 
 The maximum deposit insurance amount per depositor per insured depository institution per certain types of accounts is 250,000. 
 The FDIC uses a risk-based premium system to calculate quarterly assessments for FDIC-insured institutions. It has revised its methodology from time to time. The current methodology has a range of initial assessment rates from 3 basis points to 30 basis points on insured deposits, subject to adjustments. An insured depository institution's rate is determined within a range of base assessment rates based in part on its CAMELS composite rating, taking into account other factors and adjustments. The methodology that the FDIC uses to calculate assessment amounts is also based on whether the Deposit Insurance Fund has met the FDIC's designated reserve ratio, which is currently 2 , and the minimum reserve ratio of 1.35 set forth in the Dodd-Frank Act. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the amount of total estimated insured deposits has grown very rapidly while the funds in the DIF have grown at a normal rate, causing the DIF reserve ratio to fall below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . The FDIC adopted a restoration plan in September 2020, which it amended in June 2022, to restore the DIF reserve ratio to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. 
 28 

On October 18, 2022 the FDIC adopted a final rule to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rates for insured depository institutions by 2 basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio of the DIF meets or exceeds 2 . As a result of the new rule, the FDIC insurance costs of insured depository institutions, including the Bank, will generally increase 
 The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent termination of insurance, if the institution has no tangible capital. Management is not aware of any existing circumstances that would result in termination of our deposit insurance. 
 Reserves 
 Pursuant to regulations of the Federal Reserve, a savings association must maintain reserves against its transaction accounts. Because required reserves must be maintained in the form of vault cash or in a noninterest bearing account at a Federal Reserve Bank, the effect of the reserve requirement may reduce the amount of an institution s interest-earning assets. During 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Reserve reduced all reserve requirement ratios to zero. The Federal Reserve indicated that it may adjust reserve requirement ratios in the future if conditions warrant. 
 Branch Office Network 
 The Bank maintains branch offices in three states, Delaware, Pennsylvania and New Jersey. A federal savings association may open new branch offices in any state or relocate branch offices. Prior OCC approval is necessary unless the association is an eligible savings association and meets certain other conditions. The Bank currently qualifies as an eligible savings association. If prior approval is necessary, the OCC will consider the effect of the acquisition on a safe and sound banking system, the branch office's role in providing fair access to financial services by helping to meet the credit needs of the entire community, the association's compliance with laws and regulations, and the fair treatment of customers including efficiency and better service. If a federal savings association acquires branch offices through a merger with or through a branch purchase from another bank or savings association, the acquiring federal savings association must submit a Bank Merger Act application to the OCC, which requires a favorable decision on the acquisition of the branch offices. The Bank has grown its branch office network primarily through mergers with other institutions, rather than branch office purchases or de novo offices. A federal savings association also may open agency offices for certain purposes without prior OCC approval. The Bank does not have any agency offices and has no plans to open any such offices. 
 Consumer Protection Regulations 
 The Bank s offerings of retail products and services to consumers are subject to a large number of statutes and regulations designed to protect the finances of consumers and to promote lending to various sectors of the economy and population. These laws include, but are not limited to the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, the Truth in Savings Act, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, federal and state prohibitions on unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices, and regulations implementing each of these statutes. The CFPB has exclusive authority to examine the Bank for compliance with these laws. States may adopt more stringent consumer financial protection statutes that could apply to us as well. State attorneys general also may file suit to enforce federal and state laws. 
 Since the CFPB first began operations, the CFPB's supervisory, enforcement, and rulemaking priorities have shifted as its leadership has changed, and we are unable to predict what effect, if any, future changes to the CFPB's leadership and priorities may have on the Bank. 
 Since its creation in 2011, the CFPB has issued a number of significant rules, including rules that affect nearly every aspect of the residential mortgage lending and servicing process, from origination through maturity or foreclosure. Among other things, the rules require home mortgage lenders to: (i) develop and implement procedures to ensure compliance with a reasonable ability to repay test and identify whether a loan meets a new definition for a qualified mortgage, in which case a rebuttable presumption exists that the creditor extending the loan has satisfied the reasonable ability to repay test; (ii) implement new or revised disclosures, policies and procedures for originating and servicing mortgages including, but not limited to, pre-loan counseling, early intervention with delinquent borrowers and specific loss mitigation procedures for loans secured by a borrower s principal residence; (iii) comply with additional restrictions on mortgage loan originator hiring and compensation; (iv) comply with new disclosure requirements and standards for appraisals and certain financial products; and (v) maintain escrow accounts for higher-priced mortgage loans for a longer period of time. Some of these rules may be modified, but the CFPB has not finalized any changes. The CFPB also has authority to establish rules prohibiting unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. 
 
 29 

Debit Card Interchange Fees 
 The Federal Reserve has issued rules under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, as amended by a section of the Dodd-Frank Act, known as the Durbin Amendment, to limit interchange fees that an issuer with 10 billion or more in assets, such as the Bank, may receive or charge for an electronic debit card transaction. Under the rules, the maximum permissible interchange fee that an issuer may receive for an electronic debit transaction is the sum of 21 cents per transaction and five basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. In addition, the rules allow for an upward adjustment of no more than one cent to an issuer s debit card interchange fee if the issuer develops and implements policies and procedures reasonably designed to achieve the fraud-prevention standards set out in the rule. The Bank became subject to these rules beginning July 1, 2020. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity 
 Several federal statutes and regulations require savings associations (as well as banks and other financial institutions) to take several steps to protect nonpublic consumer financial information. The Bank has prepared a privacy policy, which it must disclose to consumers annually. In some cases, the Bank must obtain a consumer's consent before sharing information with an unaffiliated third party, and the Bank must allow a consumer to opt out of the Bank's sharing of information with its affiliates for marketing and certain other purposes. Additional conditions come into play in the Bank's information exchanges with credit reporting agencies. The Bank's privacy practices and the effectiveness of its systems to protect consumer privacy are one of the subjects covered in the OCC's periodic compliance examinations. 
 The federal banking agencies pay close attention to the cybersecurity practices of savings associations, banks, and their holding companies and affiliates. The interagency council of the agencies, the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, has issued several policy statements and other guidance for banks as new cybersecurity threats arise. FFIEC has recently focused on such matters as compromised customer credentials and business continuity planning. Examinations by the banking agencies now include review of an institution s information technology and its ability to thwart or mitigate cyber-attacks. Additionally, banking organizations are required to notify their primary federal regulator of significant computer security incidents within 36 hours of determining that such an incident has occurred. 
 Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering 
 The Bank Secrecy Act requires federal savings associations and other financial institutions to establish a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. Principal requirements for an insured depository institution include (i) establishment of an anti-money laundering program that includes training and audit components; (ii) establishment of a "know your customer" program involving due diligence to confirm the identity of persons seeking to open accounts and to deny accounts to those persons unable to demonstrate their identities; (iii) the filing of currency transaction reports for deposits and withdrawals of large amounts of currency; (iv) additional precautions for accounts sought and managed for non-U.S. persons; (v) verification and certification of money laundering risk with respect to private banking and foreign correspondent banking relationships; and (vi) the filing of suspicious activity reports for suspicious transactions. For many of these tasks an insured depository institution must keep records to be made available to its primary federal regulator. Anti- money laundering rules and policies are developed and enforced by a bureau within the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), but compliance by individual institutions is also overseen by their primary federal regulator, which in the Bank's case is the OCC. 
 Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering compliance has been a special focus of the OCC and the other federal banking agencies in recent years. Any non-compliance is likely to result in an enforcement action, often with substantial monetary penalties and reputation damage. A savings association or bank that is required to strengthen its compliance program often must put on hold any initiatives that require banking agency approval. 
 The Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), an office within the U.S. Treasury Department, administers laws and Executive Orders that prohibit U.S. entities from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited parties. OFAC publishes lists of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, known as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Generally, if a bank or savings association identifies a transaction, account or wire transfer relating to a person or entity on an OFAC list, it must freeze the account or block the transaction, file a suspicious activity report and notify the appropriate authorities. 
 30 

Community Reinvestment Act 
 All savings associations and banks are subject to the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), which requires each such institution to help meet the credit needs of low- to moderate-income communities and individuals within the institution s assessment area. The CRA does not impose specific lending requirements, and it does not contemplate that a savings association or bank would take any action inconsistent with safety and soundness. The federal banking agencies evaluate the performance of each of their regulated institutions periodically. Evaluations that result in a conclusion of Needs to Improve or Substantial Non-Compliance may block or impede regulatory approvals for other actions by an institution. 
 The Bank received a rating of Outstanding in its most recent performance evaluation. 
 On May 5, 2022 the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule that would substantially revise how they evaluate an insured depository institution s record of satisfying the credit needs of its entire communities, including low- and moderate- income individuals and neighborhoods, under the CRA. If this rule is finalized as proposed, it may become more challenging and/or costly for insured depository institutions to achieve an Outstanding or Satisfactory CRA rating, which could negatively impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition. 
 On December 15, 2021, the OCC adopted a final rule, which took effect on January 1, 2022, to rescind changes to the OCC s CRA regulations that the agency had adopted in June 2020 and to restore the CRA standards that previously applied to OCC-regulated institutions. The federal banking agencies have indicated their intent to engage in an interagency rulemaking process to modernize the CRA regulatory framework. 
 31 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 As a financial services organization, we are subject to a number of risks inherent in our transactions and present in the business decisions we make. Described below are the primary risks and uncertainties that if realized could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. 
 We have identified our major risk categories as: market risk, credit risk, capital and liquidity risk, compliance risk, operational risk, strategic risk, reputation risk and model risk. Market risk is the risk of loss due to changes in external market factors such as interest rates. Credit risk is the risk of loss that arises when an obligor fails to meet the terms of an obligation. We are exposed to both customer credit risk, from our loans, and institutional credit risk, principally from our various business partners and counterparties. Capital and liquidity risk is the risk that financial condition or overall safety and soundness are adversely affected by an inability, or perceived inability, to meet obligations and support business growth. Compliance risk is the risk that we fail to adequately comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Operational risk is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed processes, people or systems, external events (such as natural disasters) or compliance, reputation or legal matters and includes those risks as they relate directly to the Company as well as to third parties with whom we contract or otherwise do business. Strategic risk is the risk from changes in the business environment, improper implementation of decisions or inadequate responsiveness to changes in the business environment. Reputation risk is the risk of loss that arises from negative publicity or perceptions regarding our business practices. Model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. 
 
 1. Market Risk 
 Difficult market conditions and unfavorable economic trends could adversely affect our industry and our business. 
 We are exposed to downturns in the Delaware and Greater Philadelphia region, Mid-Atlantic and overall U.S. economy and housing markets. Unfavorable economic trends, sustained high unemployment, high costs of living, and declines in real estate values can cause a reduction in the availability of commercial credit and can negatively impact the credit performance of commercial and consumer loans, resulting in increased write-downs. These negative trends can cause economic pressure on consumers and businesses and diminish confidence in the financial markets, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to access capital. A worsening of these conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown, would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on us and others in the financial services industry. In particular, we may face the following risks in connection with these events: 
 An increase in the number of customers unable to repay their loans in accordance with the original terms, which could result in a higher level of loan and lease losses and provision for loan and lease losses; 
 Decreases in customer deposits; 
 Impaired ability to assess the creditworthiness of customers as the models and approaches we use to select, manage and underwrite our customers become less predictive of future performance; 
 Impaired ability to estimate the losses inherent in our credit exposure as the process we use to make such estimates requires difficult, subjective and complex judgments based on forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our customers to repay their loans, and this estimating process becomes less accurate and thus less reliable as economic conditions worsen; 
 Increases in foreclosures, delinquencies and customer bankruptcies, as well as more restricted access to commercial credit; 
 Decreases in our Wealth Management segment's AUM portfolios as a result of, among other things, decreases in market value from investment performance losses and customers' increased financial needs; 
 Downward pressure on our stock price or an impaired ability to access the capital markets or otherwise obtain needed funding on attractive terms or at all; 
 Changes in the regulatory environment, including regulations promulgated or to be promulgated under federal banking legislation or other new regulations, and changes in accounting standards, could influence recognition of loan and lease losses and our allowance for credit losses, and could result in earlier recognition of loan losses and decreases in capital; and 
 Increased competition due to intensified consolidation of the financial services industry and competition from non-banks. 
 32 

Changes in interest rates and other factors beyond our control could have an adverse impact on our earnings. 
 Over the past several years, our earnings have been, and continue to be, significantly impacted by substantial [and rapid] fluctuations in the interest rate environment. In response to the economic and financial effects of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the Federal Reserve initially reduced interest rates through 2020 and 2021 and instituted quantitative easing measures as well as domestic and global capital market support programs. In 2022, to curb rising inflation, the Federal Reserve increased the target Federal Funds rate the interest rate that banks charge each other for overnight lending in order to help maintain the reserve requirements of the Federal Reserve to a range between 4.25 and 4.5 as of December 2022 and enacted policies to achieve that target range. As the increases in the target Federal Funds rate resulted in increased costs of operating a financial institution, the costs of borrowing increased while the availability of credit and the favorable credit terms available under the Federal Reserve s 2020 and 2021 policies generally decreased. 
 Our operating income and net income depend to a significant extent on our net interest margin, which is the difference between the interest yields we receive on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets and the interest rates we pay on interest-bearing deposits and other liabilities. Net interest margin is affected by changes in market interest rates, because different types of assets and liabilities may react differently, and at different times, to market interest rate changes. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest-earning assets in a period, an increase in market rates of interest could reduce net interest income. Similarly, when interest-earning assets mature or reprice more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest rates could reduce net interest income. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including competition, general economic conditions and monetary and fiscal policies of various governmental regulatory agencies, including the Federal Reserve and the target Federal Funds rate. 
 We seek to manage our risk from changes in market interest rates by adjusting the rates, maturity, repricing, and balances of our different types of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, but these interest rate risk management techniques are not capable of eliminating such risks and they may not be as effective as we intend. In particular, rapid increases or decreases in interest rates could have unusually adverse effects on our net interest margin, including the impact of deposit betas, and results of operations to the extent our interest rate risk management techniques are insufficient to mitigate these risks in a timely manner. The results of our interest rate sensitivity simulation models depend upon a number of assumptions which may prove to be inaccurate. We may not be able to successfully manage our interest rate risk. In addition, increases in market interest rates and/or adverse changes in the local residential real estate market, the general economy or consumer confidence would likely have a significant adverse impact on our noninterest income, as a result of reduced demand for residential loans that we pre-sell. 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increase the potential for default and could result in a decrease in the demand for loans. At the same time, the marketability of the property securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. In a declining interest rate environment, there may be an increase in prepayments on loans as borrowers refinance their loans at lower rates. In addition, in a low interest rate environment, loan customers often pursue long-term fixed rate credits, which could adversely affect our earnings and net interest margin if rates increase. Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. At the same time, we continue to have a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. 
 The market value of our investment securities portfolio may be impacted by the level of interest rates and the credit quality and strength of the underlying collateral. 
 Our net interest income varies as a result of changes in interest rates as well as changes in interest rates across the yield curve. When interest rates are low, borrowers have an incentive to refinance into mortgages with longer initial fixed rate periods and fixed rate mortgages, causing our securities to experience faster prepayments. Increases in prepayments on our portfolio will cause our premium amortization to accelerate, lowering the yield on such assets. If this happens, we could experience a decrease in interest income, which may negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Future changes in interest rates may reduce the market value of our investment securities. In addition, our securities portfolio is subject to risk as a result of our exposure to the credit quality and strength of the issuers of the securities or the collateral backing such securities. Any decrease in the value of the underlying collateral will likely decrease the overall value of our securities, affecting equity and possibly impacting earnings. 
 33 

Changes in or questions about the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions of and changes in the commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions and damage to our reputation by association. Such events could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 The financial services industry and our market area are highly competitive. 
 We compete with regional and national financial institutions and other non-bank companies, some of which may have larger client bases, operate with greater resources, and offer lending terms and services that we do not or cannot offer. Some of these competitors may have other advantages, such as the favorable tax treatments available to credit unions. The financial services industry continues to consolidate due to the benefits of operating at a larger scale and is undergoing rapid technological development that may require us to further develop and invest in our digital capabilities. This competition can affect the pricing for our products and services and if the Company cannot compete effectively, we may lose market share and income resulting in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 2. Credit Risk 
 Significant increases of nonperforming assets, or greater than anticipated costs to resolve these credits, can have an adverse effect on our earnings. 
 Our nonperforming assets, which consist of non-accrual loans, assets acquired through foreclosure and troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans and assets acquired through foreclosure. We must establish an allowance for credit losses which reserves for losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable. From time to time, we also write down the value of properties in our portfolio of assets acquired through foreclosure to reflect changing market values. Additionally, there are legal fees associated with the resolution of problem assets as well as carrying costs such as taxes, insurance and maintenance related to assets acquired through foreclosure. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires the active involvement of management, which can distract management from daily operations and other income producing activities. Finally, if our estimate of the allowance for credit losses is inadequate, we will have to increase the allowance for credit losses accordingly, which will have an adverse effect on our earnings. Significant increases in the level of our nonperforming assets from the current level, or greater than anticipated costs to resolve these credits, will have an adverse effect on our earnings. 
 Our loan portfolio includes a substantial amount of commercial mortgage, construction and land development and commercial and industrial loans. The credit risk related to these types of loans is greater than the risk related to residential loans. 
 Our commercial loan portfolio includes commercial and industrial loans, commercial mortgage loans and construction and land development loans. Commercial mortgage loans generally carry larger loan balances and involve a greater degree of risk of nonpayment or late payment than home equity loans or residential mortgage loans. Any significant failure to pay or late payments by our customers would adversely affect our earnings. The increased credit risk associated with these types of loans is a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the larger size of loan balances, and the potential that changes in general economic and working conditions can adversely affect income-producing properties, such as reduced office usage as a result of remote work policies. A portion of our commercial mortgage, construction and land development and commercial and industrial loan portfolios includes a balloon payment feature. A number of factors may affect a borrower s ability to make or refinance a balloon payment, including the financial condition of the borrower, the prevailing local economic conditions and the prevailing interest rate environment. 
 Furthermore, commercial and industrial loans secured by owner-occupied properties are dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower s business. If the operating company suffers difficulties, including reduction in sales volume and/or profitability, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. Loans secured by properties where repayment is dependent upon payment of rent by third party tenants or the sale of the property may be impacted by loss of tenants, lower lease rates needed to attract new tenants or the inability to sell a completed project in a timely fashion and at a profit. 
 34 

We are exposed to increased credit losses and credit related expenses in the event of a major natural disaster, public health crisis, other catastrophic event or significant climate change effects. 
 The occurrence of a major natural or environmental disaster, public health crisis or similar catastrophic event, as well as significant climate change effects such as rising sea levels or wildfires, especially in densely populated geographic areas, could increase our credit losses and credit related expenses. A natural disaster, public health crisis or catastrophic event or other significant climate change effect that either damages or destroys residential or multifamily real estate underlying mortgage loans or REO properties, or negatively affects the ability of borrowers to continue to make payments on loans, could increase our serious delinquency rates and average loan loss severity in the affected areas. Such events could also cause downturns in economic and market conditions generally, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. We may not have adequate insurance coverage for some of these natural, catastrophic, public health or climate change-related events. 
 Concentration of loans in our primary markets may increase our risk. 
 Our success depends primarily on the general economic conditions and housing markets in the state of Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey and northern Virginia, as a large portion of our loans are made to customers in these markets. This makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets in these areas. Declines in real estate valuations in these markets would lower the value of the collateral securing those loans, which could cause us to realize losses in the event of increased foreclosures. Local economic conditions have a significant impact on the ability of borrowers to repay loans as well as our ability to originate new loans. In addition, weakening in general economic conditions such as inflation, stagflation, increased costs-of-living, recession, unemployment, natural disasters or other factors beyond our control could negatively affect demand for loans, the performance of our borrowers and our financial results. 
 If our allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan and lease losses, our earnings will decrease. 
 We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of the loans and leases in our portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans and leases. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, we review our portfolio mix and segmentation, modeling methodology, historical loss experience, relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to qualitative adjustment factors, prepayment speeds and reasonable and supportable forecasts about future economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect or if there is a significant deterioration in economic conditions, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient to cover expected credit losses in our loan and lease portfolio, resulting in unanticipated losses and additions to our allowance for credit losses. Material additions to our allowance for credit losses could materially decrease our net income. 
 
 3. Capital and Liquidity Risk 
 Our inability to grow deposits in the future could adversely affect our liquidity and ability to grow our business. 
 A key part of our strategy is to grow deposits. The market for deposits is highly competitive, with intense competition in attracting and retaining deposits. We compete on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits, features and benefits of our products, the quality of our customer service and the competitiveness of our digital banking capabilities. Our ability to originate and maintain deposits is also highly dependent on the strength of the Bank and the perceptions of customers and others of our business practices and our financial health. Adverse perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to difficulties in attracting and retaining deposits accounts. Negative public opinion could result from actual or alleged conduct in a number of areas, including lending practices, regulatory compliance, inadequate protection of customer information or sales and marketing activities, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. 
 The demand for the deposit products we offer may also be reduced due to a variety of factors, such as demographic patterns, changes in customer preferences, reductions in consumers disposable income, regulatory actions that decrease customer access to particular products or the availability of competing products. Competition from other financial services firms and others that use deposit funding products may affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. Changes we make to the rates offered on our deposit products may affect our profitability and liquidity. 
 35 

The FDIA prohibits an insured bank from accepting brokered deposits or offering interest rates on any deposits significantly higher than the prevailing rate in the bank s normal market area or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited), unless it is well capitalized, or it is adequately capitalized and receives a waiver from the FDIC. A bank that is adequately capitalized and accepts brokered deposits under a waiver from the FDIC may not pay an interest rate on any deposit in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates. There are no such restrictions under the FDIA on a bank that is well capitalized and at December 31, 2022, the Bank met or exceeded all applicable requirements to be deemed well capitalized for purposes of the FDIA. However, the Bank may not continue to meet these requirements. Limitations on the Bank s ability to accept brokered deposits (including regulatory limitations on the amount of brokered deposits in total or as a percentage of total assets) for any reason in the future could adversely impact our funding costs and liquidity. Any limitation on the interest rates the Bank can pay on deposits could competitively disadvantage us in attracting and retaining deposits and have an adverse effect on our business. 
 We could experience an unexpected inability to obtain needed liquidity. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business, as we use cash to fund loans and investments, other interest-earning assets and deposit withdrawals that occur in the ordinary course of our business. We also are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Additionally, the operations of our Cash Connect segment depends on us having access to large amounts of cash. 
 Our principal sources of liquidity include customer deposits, FHLB borrowings, brokered certificates of deposit, sales of loans, repayments to the Bank from borrowers and paydowns and sales of investment securities. Our ability to obtain funds from these sources could become limited, or our costs to obtain such funds could increase, due to a variety of factors, including changes in our financial performance, the imposition of regulatory restrictions on us, or adverse developments in the capital markets, including weakening economic conditions or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. If our ability to obtain necessary funding is limited or the costs of such funding increase, our ability to meet our obligations or grow our banking business would be adversely affected and our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 
 Restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to us could negatively affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends. 
 We are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries, including the Bank. We receive substantially all of our revenue from dividends from our subsidiaries. These dividends are the principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common stock, and interest and principal on our debt. Various federal and/or state laws and regulations limit the amount of dividends that the Bank and certain of our nonbank subsidiaries may pay us, and the OCC may block dividend payments by the Bank. Also, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. Limitations on our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us could have an adverse effect on our liquidity and on our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. Additionally, if our subsidiaries earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels; we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common stockholders. 
 
 4. Compliance Risk 
 We are subject to extensive regulation which could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination governing almost all aspects of our operations. The laws and regulations governing our business are intended primarily to protect depositors, our customers, the public, the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund, and the banking system as a whole, and not our stockholders or holders of our debt. The Federal Reserve is the primary federal regulator for the Company, the OCC is the Bank s primary regulator and the CFPB regulates the Bank s compliance with consumer financial protection laws . The banking laws, regulations and policies applicable to us govern a variety of matters, including certain debt obligations, changes in control, maintenance of adequate capital, and general business operations, including permissible types, amounts and terms of loans and investments, the amount of reserves held against deposits, restrictions on dividends, establishment of new offices, the maximum interest rate that may be charged by law and treatment of customers. In addition, federal and state banking regulators have broad authority to supervise our banking business, including the authority to prohibit activities that represent unsafe or unsound banking practices or constitute violations of statute, rule, regulation or administrative order. Failure to appropriately comply with any such laws, regulations or regulatory policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties or damage to our reputation, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. A government shutdown or understaffing at the Federal Reserve, the OCC and/or the CFPB could result in unforeseen delays in our ability to receive approval for certain transactions or deal with other regulatory issues. Such a delay could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 
 36 

We are subject to changes in federal and state banking statutes, regulations and governmental policies, and their interpretation or implementation. Certain of our subsidiaries are registered with the SEC as investment advisers and, as such, are subject to regulation, supervision and enforcement by the SEC under the Investment Advisers Act. Regulations affecting banks and other financial institutions in particular are undergoing continuous review and frequently change and the ultimate effect of such changes cannot be predicted. Regulations and laws may be modified at any time, and new legislation may be enacted that will affect us. Any changes in any federal and state law, as well as regulations and governmental policies could subject us to additional compliance costs and otherwise affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including ways that may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action under the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports when appropriate. These laws and regulations also provide that we are ultimately responsible to ensure our third party vendors adhere to the same laws and regulations. In addition to other bank regulatory agencies, FinCEN is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the state and federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, CFPB, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Internal Revenue Service. 
 We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by OFAC regarding, among other things, the prohibition on transacting business with, and the need to freeze assets of, certain persons and organizations identified as a threat to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the United States. If our policies, procedures and systems or those of our third party vendors are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including any acquisition plans. Any of these results could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers and promote community investment, including fair lending laws and the Community Reinvestment Act. Failure to comply with these laws or perform satisfactorily could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. Adverse findings in an evaluation of our fair lending compliance could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge our performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act imposes community investment obligations on insured depository institutions. If the Bank does not perform satisfactorily under the Community Reinvestment Act, as determined by the OCC, the Company and the Bank could be restricted in their ability to expand through mergers, acquisitions, and/or the establishment of branches. 
 The fiscal, monetary and regulatory policies of the federal government and its agencies could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 The Federal Reserve regulates the supply of money and credit in the U.S. Its policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments, both of which affect our net interest margin. Its policies can also adversely affect borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans. Congress controls fiscal policy through decisions on taxation and expenditures. Depending on industries and markets involved, changes to tax law and increased or reduced public expenditures could affect us directly or the business operations of our customers. Changes in Federal Reserve policies, fiscal policy, and our regulatory environment generally are beyond our control, and we are unable to predict what changes may occur or the manner in which any future changes may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 37 

The intention and actions of the United Kingdom s FCA to cease support of LIBOR could negatively affect the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, results of operations and net worth. The transition to alternative reference interest rate could present operational problems and result in market disruption, including inconsistent approaches for different financial products, as well as disagreements with counterparties. 
 The FCA ceased publishing most LIBOR settings as of January 1, 2022 but will continue to publish five U.S. LIBOR settings through mid-2023. We expect that the capital and debt markets will cease to use LIBOR as a benchmark, but we cannot predict whether LIBOR will actually cease to be available after its current expiration dates, whether the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) will become the market benchmark in its place or what impact such a transition may have on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The selection of SOFR as the alternative reference rate for these products currently presents certain market concerns because SOFR (unlike LIBOR) does not have an inherent term structure or credit risk component. A methodology has been developed to calculate SOFR-based term rates, and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has published such rates daily since early 2020 and encouraged banks to transition away from LIBOR as soon as practicable. However, the methodology has not been tested for an extended period of time, which may limit market acceptance of the use of SOFR. In addition, SOFR may not be a suitable alternative to LIBOR for all of our financial products, and it is uncertain what other rates might be appropriate for that purpose. It is uncertain whether these other indices will remain acceptable alternatives for such products. 
 We have a significant number of financial products, including mortgage loans, mortgage-related securities, other debt securities and derivatives, that are indexed to LIBOR, and we continue to enter into transactions involving such products that will mature after 2021, with appropriate alternative reference rates to take effect after LIBOR's discontinuation, including the use of the WSJ Prime as a LIBOR alternative. We expect that the transition will span several reporting periods through June 2023. The replacement of LIBOR also may result in economic mismatches between different categories of instruments that now consistently rely on the LIBOR benchmark. Additionally, inconsistent approaches to a transition from LIBOR to an alternative rate among different market participants and for different financial products may cause market disruption and operational problems, which could adversely affect us, including by exposing us to increased basis risk and resulting costs in connection with remediating these problems, and by creating the possibility of disagreements with counterparties. 
 If we fail to comply with legal standards, we could incur liability to our clients or lose clients, which could negatively affect our earnings. 
 Managing or servicing assets with reasonable prudence in accordance with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws is important to client satisfaction, which in turn is important to the earnings and growth of our investment businesses. Failure to comply with these standards, adequately manage these risks or manage the differing interests often involved in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities could also result in liability. 
 The CFPB has reshaped consumer financial regulations through rulemaking and enforcement of prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive business acts or practices. Compliance with any such change may impact the manner in which WSFS and WSFS Bank offer consumer financial products or services, and our results of operations. 
 As an insured depository institution with 10 billion or more in total assets, WSFS Bank is subject to supervision, examination, and enforcement with respect to consumer protection laws by the CFPB. The CFPB has broad authority to administer and carry out provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to the Company's consumer financial products and services and may impose requirements more onerous than those of other bank regulatory agencies. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act authorizes the CFPB to write rules or bring enforcement actions to prohibit acts or practices that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with consumer financial products or services, and the concept of an "abusive" act or practice did not previously exist in federal banking law. 
 The CFPB has initiated enforcement actions against a variety of bank and non-bank market participants with respect to a number of consumer financial products and services, which has resulted in those participants expending significant time and money, including the costs of penalties, to respond to the actions pursued by the CFPB. As part of its rulemaking and enforcement activities, the CFPB has adopted interpretations of consumer protection laws that have required many market participants to change their practices and expend substantial resources to do so. In 2022, the CFPB has utilized their supervisory and enforcement powers to pursue abusive acts in several industries, including automobile loan servicing, credit card account management, debt collection, the operation of ATMs, mortgage origination, depository account management, and consumer reporting among others. 
 There continues to be uncertainty as to how CFPB's strategies and priorities will impact the Company's business and operations. Any changes by the CFPB in regulatory expectations, interpretations or practices could increase the risk of additional enforcement actions, fines and penalties, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 38 

5. Operational Risk 
 Our technology-related operational processes and procedures may not be effective in accomplishing their intended purposes. 
 Our operations depend upon the use of computer programs, algorithms, and other analytical tools. If such technology is ineffective at its intended purposes or includes errors in computer code, unintended bias, bad data, misuse of data, or fraud, it may adversely affect our operations. Additionally, as societal norms, legal requirements, businesses and markets evolve, our technology may not accurately reflect this evolution. There may also be technology-related issues that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not anticipated, identified or mitigated, including when processes are changed or new products and services are introduced. In particular, the implementations of new technologies and digital solutions may cause business disruptions that affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositor and employees. If our risk management framework does not effectively identify and control such risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected, and that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our Cash Connect segment s policies, procedures and controls are inadequate to prevent a misappropriation of funds, or if a misappropriation of funds is not insured or not fully covered through insurance. 
 The profitability of our Cash Connect segment depends to a large degree on its ability to accurately and efficiently distribute, track, and settle large amounts of cash to its customers ATMs which, in turn, depends on the successful implementation and monitoring of a comprehensive system of financial and operational controls that are designed to help prevent, detect, and recover any potential loss of funds. These controls require the implementation and maintenance of complex proprietary software, the ability to track and monitor an extensive network of armored car companies, and the ability to settle large amounts of electronic funds transfers (EFT) from various ATM networks. There is a risk that those associated with armored car companies, ATM networks and processors, ATM operators, or other parties may misappropriate funds belonging to Cash Connect . Cash Connect has experienced such occurrences in the past. If our Cash Connect division s established policies, procedures and controls are inadequate, or not properly executed to prevent or detect a misappropriation of funds, or if a misappropriation of funds is not insured or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 System failure or cybersecurity breaches of our network security could subject us to increased operating costs as well as litigation and other potential losses. 
 Failures in, or breaches of, our computer systems and network infrastructure, or those of our third party vendors or other service providers, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our computer equipment against damage from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or a similar catastrophic event. Any damage or failure that causes an interruption in our operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect the computer systems and network infrastructure utilized by us, including our Internet banking activities, against damage from physical break-ins, cybersecurity breaches and other disruptive problems caused by the Internet or other users. Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions would jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and network infrastructure, which may result in significant liability to us and damage to our reputation, and may discourage current and potential customers from using our Internet banking services. Our security measures, including firewalls and penetration testing, may not prevent or detect future potential losses from system failures or cybersecurity breaches. 
 In the normal course of business, we collect, process, and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our Customers. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, are vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. In particular, the technologies and digital solutions we have introduced as part of our Delivery Transformation initiative, including our enhanced website and personalized messaging app, are susceptible to these events. We and our third-party service providers have experienced all of these events and expect to continue to experience them in the future. These events could interrupt our business or operations, result in significant legal and financial exposure (including costs associated with remediating any security breaches), supervisory liability, regulatory enforcement action, damage to our reputation, loss of customers and business or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services. Although the impact to date from these events has not had an adverse effect on us, we cannot be sure this will be the case in the future. Any of these occurrences could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 39 

Information security risks for financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as consumer-facing web sites. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Our early detection and response mechanisms may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. 
 We rely on third parties for certain important functions. Any failures by those vendors and service providers could disrupt our business operations or expose us to loss of confidential information or intellectual property. 
 Our use of third-party service providers exposes us to the risk of failures in their operations and their risk and control environments. We outsource certain key functions to external parties, including some that are critical to financial reporting (including our use of hedge accounting), valuations, our mortgage-related investment activity, loan underwriting, and loan servicing. We may enter into other key outsourcing relationships in the future and continue to expand our existing reliance on third-party service providers. If one or more of these key external parties were not able to perform their functions for a period of time, perform them at an acceptable service level or handle increased volumes, or if one of them experiences a disruption in its own business or technology from any cause, our business operations could be constrained, disrupted, or otherwise negatively affected. Our use of third-party service providers also exposes us to the risk of losing intellectual property or confidential information and to other harm, including to our reputation. Our ability to monitor the activities or performance of third-party service providers may be constrained, which may make it difficult for us to assess and manage the risks associated with these relationships. 
 Our business may be adversely impacted by litigation and regulatory enforcement, which could expose us to significant liabilities and/or damage our reputation. 
 From time to time, we have and may become party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. Our businesses involve the risk that clients or others may sue us, claiming that we have failed to perform under a contract or otherwise failed to carry out a duty perceived to be owed to them. Our trust, custody and investment management businesses are particularly subject to this risk. This risk may be heightened during periods when credit, equity or other financial markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile, or when clients or investors are experiencing losses. In addition, as a publicly-held company, we are subject to the risk of claims under the federal securities laws, and volatility in our stock price and those of other financial institutions increases this risk. Actions brought against us may result in injunctions, settlements, damages, fines or penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. Even if we defend ourselves successfully, the cost of litigation may be substantial, and public reports regarding claims made against us may cause damage to our reputation among existing and prospective clients or negatively impact the confidence of counterparties, rating agencies and stockholders, consequently negatively affecting our earnings. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we also are subject to various regulatory, governmental and enforcement inquiries, investigations and subpoenas. These may be directed generally to participants in the businesses in which we are involved or may be specifically directed at us. In enforcement matters, claims for disgorgement, the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and the imposition of other remedial sanctions are possible. 
 WSFS Bank provides indenture trustee and loan agency services, including administrative and collateral agent fee-based services for first lien, second lien, debtor-in-possession and exit facilities, and WSFS Bank professionals work with ad hoc committees, unsecured creditors committees, borrowers and other professionals involved in restructuring and bankruptcy. In this capacity, in the normal course of business, WSFS Bank may be named as a party in litigation. Although WSFS Bank has no credit or direct exposure in conjunction with this administrative role, the fact that the Bank s name appears in the case caption may create the erroneous impression that WSFS Bank may have financial exposure in such a lawsuit. 
 Actual outcomes, losses and related expenses of pending legal proceedings may differ materially from assessments and estimates, and may exceed the amount of any reserves we have established, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 40 

Errors, breakdowns in controls or other mistakes in the provision of services to clients or in carrying out transactions for our own account can subject us to liability, result in losses or negatively affect our earnings in other ways. 
 In our asset servicing, investment management, fiduciary administration and other business activities, we effect or process transactions for clients and for us that involve very large amounts of money. Failure to properly manage or mitigate operational risks can have adverse consequences, and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the magnitude of resulting losses. Given the high volume of transactions we process, errors that affect earnings may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and corrected. 
 
 6. Strategic Risk 
 Our business strategy includes significant investment in growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth and investment in infrastructure effectively. 
 We are pursuing a significant growth strategy for our business. Our growth initiatives have required us to recruit experienced personnel to assist in such initiatives. The failure to retain such personnel would place significant limitations on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategy. In addition, as we expand our lending beyond our current market areas, we could incur additional risk related to those new market areas. We may not be able to expand our market presence in our existing market areas or successfully enter new markets. 
 A weak economy, low demand and competition for credit may impact our ability to successfully execute our growth plan and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and growth prospects. While we believe we have the executive management resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities will be available or that we will successfully manage our growth. 
 We regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. If appropriate opportunities present themselves, we expect to engage in selected acquisitions or other business growth initiatives or undertakings. We may not successfully identify appropriate opportunities, may not be able to negotiate or finance such activities and such activities, if undertaken, may not be successful. 
 We have in the past and may in the future pursue acquisitions, which may disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, and we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of any such acquisition. 
 We have historically pursued acquisitions, and may seek acquisitions in the future. We may not be able to successfully identify suitable candidates, negotiate appropriate acquisition terms, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into the existing operations, or expand into new markets. Once integrated, acquired operations may not achieve levels of revenues, profitability, or productivity comparable with those achieved by our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. 
 As we continue to integrate the business of Bryn Mawr Trust, the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Bryn Mawr Trust, including expected revenue synergies, may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. The Company has incurred and will continue to incur substantial expenses in integrating the business, operations, networks, systems, technology, policies and procedures of Bryn Mawr Trust into its own. As a result of these expenses, we have taken and expect to continue to take charges against our earnings. The charges taken in connection with our acquisition of Bryn Mawr Trust have been and are expected to be significant, although the aggregate amount and timing of such charges beyond what has already been reported in this report are uncertain at present. As with any merger of financial institutions, integration efforts have diverted management attention and resources, and there may be business disruptions that affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of our acquisition of Bryn Mawr Trust. These integration matters could have an adverse effect on our financial results and the value of our common stock for an undetermined period. 
 Acquisitions, such as our acquisition of Bryn Mawr Trust, involve numerous risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired companies, and the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. We may not properly ascertain all such risks prior to an acquisition or prior to such a risk impacting us while integrating an acquired company. As a result, difficulties encountered with acquisitions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 41 

Furthermore, we must generally receive federal regulatory approval before we can acquire another insured depository institution or its holding company. In determining whether to approve a proposed acquisition, federal regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, the financial condition of the acquiring institution and the target, the future prospects of the acquiring institution, including current and projected capital levels, the competence, experience, and integrity of management, compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the Community Reinvestment Act, and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering. In addition, we cannot be certain when or if, or on what terms and conditions, any required regulatory approvals will be granted. Consequently, we may not obtain regulatory approval for a proposed acquisition on acceptable terms or at all, in which case we would not be able to complete the acquisition despite the time and expenses invested in pursuing it. 
 Key associates may be difficult to attract and retain. 
 Our Associates are our most important resource and, in many areas of the financial services industry, competition for qualified personnel is intense. We invest significantly in recruitment, training, development and talent management as our Associates are the cornerstone of our model. If we were unable to continue to attract and retain qualified key associates to support the various functions of our businesses, our performance, including our competitive position, could be adversely affected. As economic conditions improve, we may face increased difficulty in retaining top performers and critical skilled associates. If key personnel were to leave us and equally knowledgeable or skilled personnel are unavailable within WSFS or could not be sourced in the market, our ability to manage our business may be hindered or impaired. 
 
 7. Reputation Risk 
 Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our businesses. 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly-skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation and the reputation of the financial services industry as a whole. Adverse developments may result in additional scrutiny or new litigation against us and potential sources of reputational damage are discussed throughout these risk factors. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Significant harm to our reputation can arise from sources, including economic changes, regulatory scrutiny, employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, significant or numerous failures, interruptions or breaches of our information systems, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. 
 In particular, the success of our Wealth Management segment is highly dependent on reputation. Our Wealth Management segment derives the majority of its revenue from noninterest income which consists of trust, investment and other servicing fees, and our ability to attract trust and wealth management clients is highly dependent upon external perceptions of this segment s level of service, trustworthiness, business practices and financial condition. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters could damage the division s and our reputation among existing customers and corporate clients, which could make it difficult for the Wealth Management segment to attract new clients and maintain existing ones. 
 We could also suffer significant harm to our reputation if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. Management of potential conflicts of interests has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among our clients. The actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness of clients to deal with us, which could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 8. Model Risk 
 The quantitative models we use to manage certain accounting and risk management functions may not be effective, which may cause adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We use quantitative models to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating probable loan losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable and estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations. Our modeling methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses and correlations. These assumptions may be incorrect, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. Additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. Even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, bad data, misuse of data, fraud or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model s design. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 As a result, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. If our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management or other business or financial decisions. Furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable, and as a result, we may realize losses or other lapses. 
 Banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. The failure or inadequacy of a model may result in increased regulatory scrutiny on us or may result in an enforcement action or proceeding against us by one of our regulators. 
 
 9. General Risk 
 Impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets could require charges to earnings, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 Goodwill and other intangible assets arise when a business is purchased for an amount greater than the net fair value of its identifiable assets. We have recognized goodwill as an asset on the balance sheet in connection with several recent acquisitions. We evaluate goodwill and intangibles for impairment at least annually. Although we have determined that goodwill and other intangible assets were not impaired during 2022, a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower growth rates or other factors could result in impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. Any future write-down of the goodwill or other intangible assets could result in a material charge to earnings. 
 Changes in accounting standards or changes in how the accounting standards are interpreted or applied could adversely impact the Company s financial statements. 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) or the SEC may change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the Company s financial statements. In addition, the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm may also amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how various standards should be applied. These changes may be difficult to predict and could impact how we prepare and report the Company s financial statements. In some cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, potentially resulting in the Company restating prior period s financial statements. 
 Changes in the value of our deferred tax assets could adversely affect our results of operations and regulatory capital ratios. 
 Our deferred tax assets are subject to an evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that they will be realized for financial statement purposes. In making this determination, we consider all positive and negative evidence available, including the impact of recent operating results, as well as potential carryback of tax to prior years taxable income, changes in statutory tax rates, reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, tax planning strategies and projected earnings within the statutory tax loss carryover period. If we conclude in the future that a significant portion of our deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realized, we will record a valuation allowance, which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and regulatory capital ratios. 

43 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters are located at 500 Delaware Ave., Wilmington, Delaware where we lease 78,432 square feet of space. At December 31, 2022, we conducted our business through 92 banking offices located in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey. 
 In addition to our branch network, we own or lease office space for 27 other loan production offices and facilities located in Delaware, southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, Virginia and Nevada to house operational activities, Cash Connect and our Wealth Management businesses. We owned 37 of our banking offices and other facilities while all other locations were leased. 
 At December 31, 2022, our premises and equipment had a net book value of 115.6 million. All of these properties are generally in good condition and are appropriate for their intended use. While these facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, available space is limited and additional facilities may be required to support future expansion. 
 For additional detail regarding our properties and equipment, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding legal proceedings, see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Item 103 of Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and the proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions unless we reasonably believe the monetary sanctions will not equal or exceed a threshold which we determine is reasonably designed to result in disclosure of any such proceeding that is material to our business or financial condition. We have determined such disclosure threshold to be 1 million. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol WSFS. At February 23, 2023, we had 3,595 registered common stockholders of record. 
 The closing market price of our common stock at February 23, 2023 was 49.69. 
 Dividends 
 For a discussion of dividend restrictions on our common stock, or of restrictions on dividends from the Company's subsidiaries to the Company, see Business - Regulation - Regulation of the Company - Dividends and Business - Regulation - Regulation of WSFS Bank - Dividends Restrictions. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Shown below is information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to compensation plans under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information (a) (b) (c) Number of Securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-Average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders (1) 
 356,315 42.92 869,838 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders N/A N/A N/A Total 356,315 42.92 869,838 
 (1) Plans approved by stockholders include the 2013 Incentive Plan and the 2018 Incentive Plan. 
 Share Repurchases: 
 During the first quarter of 2020, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of 7,594,977 shares, or 15 of our outstanding shares as of March 31, 2020. During the second quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional share repurchase authorization under the program of 6,358,727 shares of common stock, or 10 of its outstanding shares as of June 30, 2022. Under the programs, repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market or through negotiated transactions, subject to market conditions and other factors, and in accordance with applicable securities laws. The programs are consistent with our intent to return a minimum of 35 of annual core net income to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums and, in the case of the Bank, the well-capitalized benchmarks. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Company had 361,980 shares of common stock repurchased under the current share repurchase programs. 
 
 Month Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per 
 Share 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of 
 Publicly Announced 
 Programs 
 Maximum Number 
 of Shares that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Programs 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 361,980 47.76 361,980 6,588,771 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 6,588,771 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 6,588,771 Total 361,980 47.76 361,980 
 
 45 

COMPARATIVE STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The graph and table which follow show the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock over the last five years compared with the cumulative total shareholder return of the Dow Jones Total Market Index, the Nasdaq Bank Index and KBW Nasdaq Regional Bank Index over the same period as obtained from Bloomberg L.P. Cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock or the indices equals the total increase in value since December 31, 2017, assuming reinvestment of all dividends paid into the common stock or the index, respectively. The graph and table were prepared assuming 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the indices. There can be no assurance that our future stock performance will be the same or similar to the historical stock performance shown in the graph below. We neither make nor endorse any predictions as to stock performance. 
 December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 Cumulative Total Return 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 WSFS Financial Corporation 100 80 94 97 110 100 Dow Jones Total Market Index 100 97 121 133 161 150 Nasdaq Bank Index 100 84 104 96 138 115 KBW Nasdaq Regional Bank Index 100 83 102 93 128 119 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 46 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 WSFS Financial Corporation (the Company or WSFS) is a savings and loan holding company headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. Substantially all of our assets are held by the Company s subsidiary, Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB (WSFS Bank or the Bank), one of the ten oldest bank and trust companies in the United States (U.S.) continuously operating under the same name. With 19.9 billion in assets and 64.5 billion in assets under management (AUM) and assets under administration (AUA) at December 31, 2022, WSFS Bank is the oldest and largest locally-managed bank and trust company headquartered in the Greater Philadelphia and Delaware region. As a federal savings bank that was formerly chartered as a state mutual savings bank, WSFS Bank enjoys a broader scope of permissible activities than most other financial institutions. A fixture in the community, WSFS Bank has been in operation for more than 190 years. In addition to our focus on stellar customer experience, we have continued to fuel growth and remain a leader in our community. We are a relationship-focused, locally-managed, community banking institution. Our mission is simple: We Stand for Service. Our strategy of Engaged Associates, living our culture, enriching the communities we serve focuses on exceeding customer expectations, delivering stellar experiences and building customer advocacy through highly-trained, relationship-oriented, friendly, knowledgeable and empowered Associates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had seven consolidated subsidiaries: WSFS Bank, WSFS Wealth Management, LLC (Powdermill ), WSFS Capital Management, LLC (West Capital), Cypress Capital Management, LLC (Cypress), WSFS SPE Services, LLC, The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware (BMT-DE), and 601 Perkasie, LLC. We also had three unconsolidated subsidiaries, WSFS Capital Trust III, Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I, and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II. WSFS Bank had two wholly-owned subsidiaries: Beneficial Equipment Finance Corporation (BEFC) and 1832 Holdings, Inc., and one majority-owned subsidiary, NewLane Finance Company (NewLane Finance ). 
 On January 1, 2022, WSFS and the Bank acquired certain subsidiaries in the merger of Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMBC) with and into WSFS, and the merger of The Bryn Mawr Trust Company with and into the Bank (collectively, the BMBC Merger), pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, by and between WSFS and BMBC, dated as of March 9, 2021 (the BMBC Merger Agreement) that are not named herein as they are not integral or significant to our business. 
 On April 1, 2022, WSFS completed the merger of Christiana Trust Company of Delaware and BMT-DE. The combined organization will retain and operate under The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware name. Additionally on April 1, 2022, Bryn Mawr Equipment Finance, Inc. merged with and into BEFC. On April 29, 2022, KCMI Capital, Inc. (KCMI), a specialized commercial lending unit acquired in the BMBC merger and not core to our overall lending strategy, was sold at par value for 55.5 million. Finally, on June 30, 2022, the business of BMT Insurance Advisors (BMTIA), was sold to Patriot Growth Services, LLC. 
 On January 1, 2023, WSFS completed the merger and brand conversion of West Capital and Cypress and has renamed the combined entity Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC. Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of WSFS. 
 Our banking business had a total loan and lease portfolio of 11.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, which was funded primarily through commercial relationships and retail and customer generated deposits. We have built a 9.3 billion commercial loan and lease portfolio by recruiting seasoned commercial lenders in our markets, offering the high level of service and flexibility typically associated with a community bank and through acquisitions. We also offer a broad variety of consumer loan products and retail securities brokerage through our retail branches, in addition to mortgage and title services through our branches and WSFS Mortgage , our mortgage banking company specializing in a variety of residential mortgage and refinancing solutions. Our leasing business, conducted by NewLane Finance , originates small business leases and provides commercial financing to businesses nationwide, targeting various equipment categories including technology, software, office, medical, veterinary and other areas. In addition, NewLane Finance offers captive insurance through its subsidiary, Prime Protect. 
 Our Cash Connect business is a premier provider of ATM vault cash, smart safe (safes that automatically accept, validate, record and hold cash in a secure environment) and other cash logistics services through strategic partnerships with several of the largest networks, manufacturers and service providers in the ATM industry. Cash Connect services non-bank and WSFS-branded ATMs and smart safes nationwide, and manages approximately 1.7 billion in total cash and services approximately 26,300 non-bank ATMs and 7,500 smart safes nationwide. Cash Connect provides related services such as online reporting and ATM cash management, predictive cash ordering and reconcilement services, armored carrier management, loss protection, ATM processing equipment sales and deposit safe cash logistics. Cash Connect also supports approximately 650 branded ATMs for WSFS Bank Customers, which is one of the largest branded ATM networks in our market. 
 47 

Our Wealth Management business provides a broad array of planning and advisory services, investment management, trust services, and credit and deposit products to individual, corporate and institutional clients through multiple integrated businesses. Combined, these businesses had 64.5 billion of AUM and AUA at December 31, 2022. Bryn Mawr Trust is our predominant Private Wealth Management brand, providing advisory, investment management and trustee services to institutions, affluent and high-net-worth individuals. The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware, formed by the merger of BMT-DE and Christiana Trust DE on April 1, 2022, provides personal trust and fiduciary services to families and individuals across the U.S. and internationally. WSFS Institutional Services provides trustee, agency, bankruptcy administration, custodial and commercial domicile services to institutional, corporate clients and special purpose vehicles. Private Wealth Management serves high-net-worth clients and institutions by providing trustee and advisory services, financial planning, customized investment strategies, brokerage products such as annuities and traditional banking services such as credit and deposit products tailored to its clientele. Private Wealth Management includes businesses that operate under the bank s charter, through a broker/dealer and as a registered investment advisor (RIA). It generates revenue through fee-only arrangements, net interest income and other fee-only services such as estate administration, trust tax planning and custody. Powdermill is a multi-family office specializing in providing independent solutions to high-net-worth individuals, families and corporate executives through a coordinated, centralized approach. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we service our customers primarily from our 119 offices located in Pennsylvania (61), Delaware (39), New Jersey (17) Virginia (1) and Nevada (1), our ATM network, our website at www.wsfsbank.com , and our mobile apps. 
 Notable Items Impacting Results of Operations, Financial Condition and Business Outlook 
 Notable items in 2022 include the following: 
 BMBC Merger 
 The merger was completed on January 1, 2022 with the purchase price consideration of 908.0 million and 497.2 million in net assets acquired resulted in 410.8 million of goodwill recognized, as adjusted. 
 The BMBC Merger initially added 3.5 billion of net loans and leases, 4.1 billion of deposits, and 23.6 billion of AUM and AUA. 
 We recorded 65.2 million of corporate development and restructuring expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily related to the BMBC Merger. 
 Balance Sheet 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, 1.1 billion of available-for-sale (AFS) mortgage-backed securities (MBS), or 19 of the AFS portfolio, were designated as held-to-maturity (HTM) to limit the capital impact from the rising interest rate environment. 
 Credit Metrics 
 There was an increase in the allowance for credit losses (ACL) of 57.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to an initial ACL of 49.6 million recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. The initial 49.6 million ACL recorded includes 23.5 million related to non-purchase credit deteriorated (PCD) loans, or the initial provision for credit loss recorded, and 26.1 million related to PCD loans, which did not have an initial income statement impact, but adjusted the amortized cost basis of the loans at acquisition (i.e., a balance sheet gross-up). See Results of Operations - Provision/Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) for further information. 
 Other Notable Items 
 During 2022, WSFS repurchased 4,151,117 shares of common stock under the Company's share repurchase program at an average price of 46.78 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of 194.2 million 
 KCMI and its loan portfolio was sold at par value for 55.5 million. 
 The business of BMTIA was sold to Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC. 
 We recognized a 6.0 million unrealized gain on our equity investment in cred.ai, a Philadelphia-based fintech partner that provides a mobile-based everyday card spending experience. 
 We contributed a total of 3.0 million to the WSFS CARES Foundation during 2022. 
 48 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Total assets increased 4.1 billion, or 26 , to 19.9 billion as of December 31, 2022, compared to 15.8 billion as of December 31, 2021. These increases are primarily comprised of the following (in descending order of magnitude): 
 Net loans and leases, excluding loans held for sale, increased 4.0 billion, primarily driven by the 3.5 billion of loans and leases acquired in the BMBC Merger and an increase of 457.0 million from our consumer partnerships, partially offset by the initial 49.6 million ACL recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger . 
 Goodwill and intangible assets increased 410.8 million and 54.2 million, respectively, primarily due to the BMBC Merger. See Notes 3 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Other assets increased 399.1 million primarily due to a 201.6 million increase on our tax asset related to unrealized losses on AFS securities and 153.6 million of BMT acquired assets. 
 Total cash and cash equivalents decreased 695.7 million, primarily due to decreased deposits and increased lending activity, offset by cash acquired in the BMBC Merger. 
 Total investment securities decreased 91.3 million: 
 Investment securities, held-to-maturity increased 1.0 billion primarily due to the designation of 1.1 billion (book value) of AFS MBS to HTM to limit the capital impact from the rising interest rate environment. 
 Investment securities, available-for-sale decreased 1.1 billion, primarily due to the designation of AFS MBS to HTM as mentioned above, repayments of 1.0 billion and decreased market values on available-for-sale securities of 696.9 million. These decreases were partially offset by 1.2 billion in purchases and 500.4 million acquired in the BMBC merger. 
 Loans held for sale decreased 70.4 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 driven by a combination of lower origination volume and higher loans sales in our mortgage banking business during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Total liabilities increased 3.9 billion, or 28 , to 17.7 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year, primarily comprised of the following (in descending order of magnitude): 
 Total deposits increased 3.0 billion, primarily driven by 4.1 billion of deposits assumed in the BMBC Merger, partially offset by declines due to a reduction in customer balances spread across most business lines. 
 Other liabilities increased 417.2 million primarily due to a net increase of 298.5 million in collateral held on derivatives and derivative liabilities driven by rising interest rates and 124.6 million of BMT acquired liabilities, partially offset by 34.5 million lower accrued expenses reflecting the timing of settlement for debt security trades. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances of 350.0 million were held over year end compared to none at December 31, 2021. 
 Senior and subordinated debt increased 100.2 million due to the addition of subordinated notes assumed in the BMBC Merger. 
 Stockholders equity increased 266.0 million to 2.2 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to 908.0 million of WSFS common shares issued in connection with the BMBC Merger and earnings of 222.4 million during the year, partially offset by a decrease of 638.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss from market value decreases on investment securities resulting from the current rising interest rate environment, and significant levels of capital return to shareholders including 200.1 million from the repurchase of shares of common stock under our stock repurchase plan and shares withheld to cover tax liabilities, and the payment of dividends on our common stock of 35.7 million. 
 We repurchased 4,151,117 and 267,309 shares of our common stock in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We held 14,310,085 shares and 10,086,936 shares of our common stock as treasury shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For further information on our regulatory capital requirements, refer to our Capital Resources discussion below. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Capital Resources 
 Regulatory capital requirements for the Bank and the Company include a minimum common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.50 of risk-weighted assets, a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.00 of risk-weighted assets, a minimum Total capital ratio of 8.00 of risk-weighted assets and a minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 4.00 of average assets. PPP loans receive a zero percent risk weighting under the regulators' capital rules. In order to avoid limits on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments, the Bank and the Company must maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital over each of the risk-based capital requirements. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory actions and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. 
 Regulators have established five capital tiers: well-capitalized, adequately-capitalized, under-capitalized, significantly under-capitalized, and critically under-capitalized. A depository institution s capital tier depends upon its capital levels in relation to various relevant capital measures, which include leveraged and risk-based capital measures and certain other factors. Under the Prompt Corrective Action framework of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Act, depository institutions that are not classified as well-capitalized are subject to various restrictions regarding capital distributions, payment of management fees, acceptance of brokered deposits and other operating activities. At December 31, 2022, the Bank was in compliance with regulatory capital requirements and all of its regulatory ratios exceeded well-capitalized regulatory benchmarks. The Bank s December 31, 2022 common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 12.86 , Tier 1 capital ratio of 12.86 , total risk based capital ratio of 13.84 and Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 10.29 , all remain substantially in excess of well-capitalized regulatory benchmarks, the highest regulatory capital rating. In addition, and not included in the Bank's capital, the holding company held 205.8 million in cash to support potential dividends, acquisitions and strategic growth plans. 
 As part of our adoption of the CECL methodology in 2020, we elected to phase in the day-one adverse effects on regulatory capital that may result from the adoption of CECL over a three-year period, as permitted under a final rule of the federal banking agencies. 
 
 Liquidity 
 We manage our liquidity and funding needs through our Treasury function and our Asset/Liability Committee. We have a policy that separately addresses liquidity, and management monitors our adherence to policy limits. Also, liquidity risk management is a primary area of examination by the banking regulators. 
 Funding sources to support growth and meet our liquidity needs include cash from operations, commercial, consumer, wealth and trust deposit programs, loan repayments, FHLB borrowings, repurchase agreements, access to the Federal Reserve Discount Window, and access to the brokered deposit market as well as other wholesale funding avenues. In addition, we have a large portfolio of high-quality, liquid investments, primarily short-duration mortgage-backed securities, that provide a near-continuous source of cash flow to meet current cash needs, or can be sold to meet larger discrete needs for cash. We believe these sources are sufficient to meet our funding needs as well as maintain required and prudent levels of liquidity over the next twelve months and beyond. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Corporation has 0.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash. Additionally, the maximum borrowing capacity with the FHLB was 4.9 billion with an unused borrowing availability of 4.6 billion. Borrowing availability at the Federal Reserve Discount Window was 736.2 million, and borrowing availability through the overnight fed funds lines totaled 1.0 billion. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash decreased 0.7 billion to 0.8 billion from 1.5 billion as of December 31, 2021. Cash provided by operating activities was 480.9 million, primarily reflecting the cash impact of earnings. Cash used for investing activities was 137.4 million primarily due to purchases of loans held for investment of 393.2 million, and net purchases of available-for-sale debt securities of 202.4 million. These outflows were offset by 573.7 million of net cash from the BMBC Merger. Cash used by financing activities was 1.0 billion, primarily due to a 1.2 billion net decrease in deposits, 200.1 million for repurchases of common stock under the previously announced stock repurchase plan, and common stock dividends of 35.7 million, partially offset by 350.0 million of FHLB advances due to the receipt of fixed rate FHLB term advances as part of our routine balance sheet management. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Our primary cash contractual obligations relate to operating leases, long-term debt, credit obligations, and data processing. At December 31, 2022, we had 241.3 million in total contractual payments for ongoing leases that have remaining lease terms of less than one year to 39 years, which includes renewal options that are exercised at our discretion. For additional information on our operating leases see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, we had 350.0 million of FHLB advances, and obligations for principal payments on long-term debt included 67.0 million for our trust preferred borrowings, due June 1, 2035, and 150.0 million for our senior debt, due December 15, 2030. In connection with the BMBC Merger, we assumed debt in the form of 30.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2025 and 70.0 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2027. We also acquired Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I (Trust I) and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II (Trust II) (collectively, the Trusts), which were utilized for the sole purpose of issuing and selling capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests. Although WSFS owns an aggregate of 774.0 thousand of the common securities of Trust I and Trust II, the Trusts are not consolidated into the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. Inclusive of the fair value marks, WSFS assumed junior subordinated debentures owed to the Trusts with a carrying value of 11.7 million each, totaling 23.4 million. The Company records its investments in the Trusts common securities of 387.0 thousand each as investments in unconsolidated entities and records dividend income upon declaration by Trust I and Trust II. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of the obligations of the Trusts, including any distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the capital securities. 
 We are also contractually obligated to make interest payments on our long-term debt through their respective maturities. For additional information regarding long-term debt, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, the Company had total commitments to extend credit of 2.8 billion, which are generally one year commitments. For additional information regarding commitments to extend credit, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

51 

Table of Contents 

 NONPERFORMING ASSETS 
 Nonperforming assets include nonaccruing loans, OREO and restructured loans. Nonaccruing loans are those on which we no longer accrue interest. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status immediately if, in the opinion of management, collection is doubtful, or when principal or interest is past due 90 days or more and the value of the collateral is insufficient to cover principal and interest. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status is reversed and charged against interest income. In addition, the amortization of net deferred loan fees is suspended when a loan is placed on nonaccrual status. Subsequent cash receipts are applied either to the outstanding principal balance or recorded as interest income, depending on management s assessment of the ultimate collectability of principal and interest. Past due loans are defined as loans contractually past due 90 days or more as to principal or interest payments but which remain in accrual status because they are considered well secured and in the process of collection. 
 The following table shows our nonperforming assets and past due loans at the dates indicated: 
 At December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Nonaccruing loans: Commercial and industrial 6,770 8,211 Owner-occupied commercial 386 811 Commercial mortgages 5,159 2,070 Construction 5,143 12 Residential 3,199 3,125 Consumer 2,145 2,380 Total nonaccruing loans 22,802 16,609 Other real estate owned 833 2,320 Restructured loans (1)(6) 
 19,737 14,204 Total nonperforming assets 43,372 33,133 Past due loans: Commercial 1,022 1,357 Residential Consumer (2) 
 15,513 8,634 Total past due loans 16,535 9,991 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to total gross loans and leases (3) 
 1.17 1.19 Ratio of nonaccruing loans to total gross loans and leases (4) 
 0.19 0.21 Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets 0.22 0.21 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to nonaccruing loans 666 569 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to total nonperforming assets (5) 
 350 285 
 (1) Accruing loans only, which includes acquired nonimpaired loans. Nonaccruing Troubled Debt Restructurings (TDRs) are included in their respective categories of nonaccruing loans. 
 (2) Includes delinquent, but still accruing, U.S. government guaranteed student loans with little risk of credit loss 
 (3) Represents amortized cost basis for loans, leases and held-to-maturity securities. 
 (4) Total loans exclude loans held for sale and reverse mortgages. 
 (5) Excludes acquired impaired loans. 
 (6) Balance excludes COVID-19 modifications. 
 
 Nonperforming assets increased 10.2 million between December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to the transfer in of one commercial relationship totaling 5.5 million and one CRE relationship totaling 2.6 million during the period. These inflows were partially offset by a partial charge-off on the CRE relationship of 0.5 million, several smaller payoffs and the continued collection of principal payments on the majority of these loans. The ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets slightly increased from 0.21 at December 31, 2021 to 0.22 at December 31, 2022. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the changes in nonperforming assets during the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Beginning balance 33,133 60,508 Additions 34,041 45,387 Collections (17,293) (47,477) Transfers to accrual (922) (494) Charge-offs (5,587) (24,791) Ending balance 43,372 33,133 
 The timely identification of problem loans is a key element in our strategy to manage our loan portfolio. Problem loans are all criticized, classified and nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. Timely identification enables us to take appropriate action and accordingly, minimize losses. An asset review system established to monitor the asset quality of our loans and investments in real estate portfolios facilitates the identification of problem assets. In general, this system uses guidelines established by federal regulation. 

53 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 2021 compared with 2020 
 
 For a discussion of our results for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to the year ended December 31, 2020, please see "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022. 
 2022 compared with 2021 
 We recorded net income attributable to WSFS of 222.4 million, or 3.49 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 49.1 million compared to 271.4 million, or 5.69 per diluted common share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 662.9 million, an increase of 229.2 million compared to 2021, primarily due to an increase from the balance sheet size and mix from the BMBC Merger and the benefits of our asset-sensitive balance sheet, offset by lower purchase accounting accretion and the impact of PPP loans. See Net Interest Income for further information. 
 Our provision for credit losses increased 165.2 million in 2022, primarily due to the release of ACL reserves that occurred in 2021 as a result of positive economic forecasts following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the initial provision for credit losses recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. See Provision/Allowance for Credit Losses for further information. 
 Noninterest income increased 74.7 million in 2022, primarily due to increased Wealth Management revenue that is primarily attributable to the BMBC Merger, Cash Connect , higher other banking fees, and capital markets income, partially offset by a decline in our mortgage banking business. See Noninterest Income for further information. 
 Noninterest expense increased 195.8 million in 2022, primarily due to higher costs after the BMBC Merger. These increases include salaries and benefits, net corporate development and restructuring costs, variable operating costs, and equipment, occupancy, and intangibles expense. In addition, 2021 included the previously disclosed Charter Oak legal settlement recovery. See Noninterest Expense for further information. 

54 

Table of Contents 

 Net Interest Income 
 The following table provides information regarding the average balances of, and yields/rates on, interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities during the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Dividends 
 Yield/ 
 Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest Dividends Yield/ 
 Rate (1) 
 Assets: Interest-earning assets: Loans: (2) 
 Commercial loans and leases 4,875,265 253,293 5.21 3,801,816 183,782 4.84 Commercial mortgage loans 4,281,768 203,611 4.76 2,770,241 113,979 4.11 Residential 790,650 35,420 4.48 636,443 42,063 6.61 Consumer 1,543,704 86,743 5.62 1,134,569 49,330 4.35 Loans held for sale 65,927 3,687 5.59 118,803 4,094 3.45 Total loans and leases 11,557,314 582,754 5.05 8,461,872 393,248 4.65 Mortgage-backed securities (3) 
 5,151,469 106,606 2.07 3,340,001 55,802 1.67 Investment securities (3) 
 338,979 6,899 2.39 321,599 5,524 1.94 Other interest-earning assets 878,097 7,556 0.86 1,320,229 1,795 0.14 Total interest-earning assets 17,925,859 703,815 3.94 13,443,701 456,369 3.40 Allowance for credit losses (140,916) (161,770) Cash and due from banks 243,579 144,778 Cash in non-owned ATMs 551,108 454,803 Bank owned life insurance 100,725 32,818 Other noninterest-earning assets 1,783,340 989,590 Total assets 20,463,695 14,903,920 Liabilities and stockholders equity: Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing demand 3,377,321 7,441 0.22 2,655,887 2,262 0.09 Money market 3,918,756 13,536 0.35 2,740,573 3,218 0.12 Savings 2,265,721 965 0.04 1,912,568 586 0.03 Customer time deposits 1,103,336 5,626 0.51 1,065,137 7,332 0.69 Total interest-bearing customer deposits 10,665,134 27,568 0.26 8,374,165 13,398 0.16 Brokered deposits 36,461 613 1.68 70,090 1,525 2.18 Total interest-bearing deposits 10,701,595 28,181 0.26 8,444,255 14,923 0.18 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 12,841 538 4.19 184 5 2.72 Trust preferred borrowings 90,337 3,482 3.85 67,011 1,274 1.90 Senior and subordinated debt 248,389 8,246 3.32 192,243 6,497 3.38 Other borrowed funds (4) 
 47,076 478 1.02 21,661 21 0.10 Total interest-bearing liabilities 11,100,238 40,925 0.37 8,725,354 22,720 0.26 Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 6,376,459 4,008,140 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 590,814 323,715 Stockholders equity of WSFS 2,398,871 1,848,904 Noncontrolling interest (2,687) (2,193) Total liabilities and stockholders equity 20,463,695 14,903,920 Excess of interest-earning assets over interest-bearing liabilities 6,825,621 4,718,347 Net interest and dividend income 662,890 433,649 Interest rate spread 3.57 3.14 Net interest margin 3.71 3.23 
 (1) Weighted average yields for tax-exempt securities and loans have been computed on a tax-equivalent basis. 
 (2) Average balances are net of unearned income and include nonperforming loans. 
 (3) Includes securities held-to-maturity (at amortized cost) and securities available-for-sale (at fair value). 
 (4) Includes federal funds purchased. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest income increased 229.2 million, or 53 , to 662.9 million in 2022, compared to 2021 primarily due to a 191.2 million increase from the balance sheet size and mix due to the BMBC Merger and 71.9 million from the benefits of our asset-sensitive balance sheet. Offsetting these increases were 18.5 million lower PPP income and a 15.4 million decrease in purchase accounting accretion. Net interest margin increased 48 bps to 3.71 in 2022 from 3.23 in 2021. The increase was primarily due to 47 bps from the benefits of our asset-sensitive balance sheet and 22 bps increase from balance sheet size and mix due to the BMBC Merger, partially offset by 15 bps from lower purchase accounting accretion and 6 bps from the impact of PPP loans in the prior year. 
 
 The following table provides certain information regarding changes in net interest income attributable to changes in the volumes of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and changes in the rates for the periods indicated. For each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on the changes that are attributable to: (i) changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior year rate); (ii) changes in rates (change in rate multiplied by prior year volume on each category); and (iii) net change (the sum of the change in volume and the change in rate). Changes due to the combination of rate and volume changes (changes in volume multiplied by changes in rate) are allocated proportionately between changes in rate and changes in volume. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Volume Yield/Rate Net Interest Income: Loans: Commercial loans and leases (1) 
 54,701 14,810 69,511 Commercial mortgage loans 69,490 20,142 89,632 Residential 8,785 (15,428) (6,643) Consumer 20,674 16,739 37,413 Loans held for sale (2,294) 1,887 (407) Mortgage-backed securities 35,241 15,563 50,804 Investment securities (2) 
 260 1,115 1,375 Other interest-earning assets (810) 6,571 5,761 Unfavorable 186,047 61,399 247,446 Interest expense: Deposits: Interest-bearing demand 819 4,360 5,179 Money market 1,891 8,427 10,318 Savings 135 244 379 Customer time deposits 258 (1,964) (1,706) Brokered certificates of deposits (617) (295) (912) FHLB advances 528 5 533 Trust preferred borrowings 559 1,649 2,208 Senior and subordinated debt 1,866 (117) 1,749 Other borrowed funds 51 406 457 Favorable 5,490 12,715 18,205 Net change, as reported 180,557 48,684 229,241 
 (1) Includes a tax-equivalent income adjustment related to commercial loans. 
 (2) Includes a tax-equivalent income adjustment related to municipal bonds. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 Investment Securities 
 The following table details the maturity and weighted average yield of the available-for-sale investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Maturing During 2023 Maturing From 2024 Through 2027 Maturing From 2028 Through 2032 Maturing After 2032 Total Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMO) Amortized cost 24,810 70,629 513,395 608,834 Weighted average yield 2.19 2.05 1.86 1.89 Fannie Mae (FNMA) mortgage-backed securities (MBS) Amortized cost 57,558 202,105 3,563,373 3,823,036 Weighted average yield 2.25 2.23 1.97 1.99 Freddie Mac (FHLMC) MBS Amortized cost 647 45,260 89,647 135,554 Weighted average yield 2.45 2.46 3.05 2.85 Ginnie Mae (GNMA) MBS Amortized cost 758 38,358 39,116 Weighted average yield 3.03 2.89 2.90 Government-sponsored enterprises (GSE) Amortized cost 147,025 80,985 228,010 Weighted average yield 1.27 1.32 1.29 Total amortized cost 83,015 465,777 4,285,758 4,834,550 Weighted average yield 2.24 1.93 1.97 1.97 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, WSFS does not have any tax-exempt securities within the available-for-sale investment portfolio. Yields are calculated on a weighted average basis using the investments amortized cost and respective average yields for each investment category. Expected maturities of mortgage-backed securities may differ from contractual maturities due to calls or prepay obligations. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 Provision/Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) 
 We maintain an ACL at an appropriate level based on our assessment of estimable and probable losses in the loan portfolio, which we evaluate in accordance with applicable accounting principles, as discussed further in Nonperforming Assets. Our evaluation is based on a review of the portfolio and requires significant, complex and difficult judgments. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a provision for credit losses of 48.1 million, a net change of 165.2 million, compared to the recovery of credit losses of 117.1 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to the release of ACL reserves in 2021 from positive economic forecasts following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the initial provision for credit losses of 23.5 million recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. 
 The ACL was 151.9 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 94.5 million at December 31, 2021. The increase of the ACL was primarily due to an initial ACL of 49.6 million recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. The initial 49.6 million ACL recorded includes 23.5 million related to non-PCD loans, or the initial provision for credit loss recorded, and 26.1 million related to PCD loans, which does not have an initial income statement impact, but adjusts the amortized cost basis of the loans at acquisition (i.e., a balance sheet gross-up). The ratio of allowance for credit losses to total loans and leases was 1.17 at December 31, 2022 and 1.19 at December 31, 2021. 
 The following tables detail the allocation of the ACL and show our net charge-offs (recoveries) by portfolio category: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial (1) 
 Owner- occupied Commercial Commercial Mortgages Construction Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Total As of December 31, 2022 
 Allowance for credit losses 59,394 6,019 21,473 6,987 4,668 53,320 151,861 of ACL to total ACL 39 4 14 5 3 35 100 Loan portfolio balance 3,134,326 1,809,582 3,351,084 1,044,049 759,465 1,810,930 11,909,436 to total loans and leases 26 15 28 9 7 15 100 Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Charge-offs 19,004 179 581 186 7,520 27,470 Recoveries 6,112 278 223 2,567 665 793 10,638 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 12,892 (99) 358 (2,567) (479) 6,727 16,832 Average loan balance 3,043,836 1,831,428 3,319,687 962,082 787,273 1,543,704 11,488,010 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average gross loans 0.42 (0.01) 0.01 (0.27) (0.06) 0.44 0.15 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial (1) 
 Owner- occupied Commercial Commercial Mortgages Construction Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Total As of December 31, 2021 
 Allowance for credit losses 49,967 4,574 11,623 1,903 3,352 23,088 94,507 of ACL to total ACL 53 5 12 2 4 24 100 Loan portfolio balance 2,270,319 1,341,707 1,881,510 687,213 542,733 1,158,573 7,882,055 to total loans and leases 28 17 24 9 7 15 100 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Charge-offs 23,592 83 73 2,473 2,094 28,315 Recoveries 8,756 160 269 789 1,131 11,105 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 14,836 (77) (196) 2,473 (789) 963 17,210 Average loan balance 2,463,933 1,337,883 1,994,995 775,246 628,411 1,134,569 8,335,037 Ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average gross loans 0.60 (0.01) (0.01) 0.32 (0.13) 0.08 0.21 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (2) Excludes reverse mortgages. 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 Noninterest income increased 74.7 million to 260.1 million in 2022 from 185.5 million in 2021. This increase reflects a 61.6 million increase in Wealth Management revenue, of which 55.9 million was attributable to the combination with Bryn Mawr Trust; 12.7 million from Cash Connect driven by the rising rate environment and continued growth in the smart safe space; 12.5 million in other banking fees, including fees associated with our consumer lending partnerships, gain on sale of SBA loans and traditional bank service fees; and 7.9 million in capital markets income. The increase was partially offset by a 15.9 million decrease in mortgage banking activities primarily resulting from the decline in refinancing originations compared to the historically higher levels in 2021. Our diverse fee-based businesses support sustainability of noninterest income through economic cycles. 
 
 Noninterest Expenses 
 Noninterest expense increased 195.8 million to 574.3 million in 2022 from 378.5 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher costs after the BMBC Merger. These higher costs include salaries and benefits of 69.7 million; net corporate development and restructuring costs of 52.2 million; higher variable operating costs of 28.0 million, including 7.3 million from Cash Connect and 25.1 million from equipment, occupancy, and intangibles expense. In addition, 2021 included a previously disclosed 15.0 million recovery of legal settlement associated with Charter Oak. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 We recorded 78.0 million of income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 86.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily driven by a decrease in income before taxes of 57.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The effective tax rates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 25.9 and 24.1 , respectively. The effective tax rate for year ended December 31, 2022 increased primarily due to higher state income taxes associated with the BMBC Merger. In addition, the 2022 effective tax rate reflects the impact of the write-off of 6.7 million of nondeductible goodwill related to the sale of the BMT Insurance Advisors business. Further, the tax expense associated with nondeductible acquisition costs in 2022 decreased compared to 2021. Nondeductible acquisition costs of 1.8 million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3.9 million incurred in 2021. 
 The effective tax rate reflects the recognition of certain tax benefits in the financial statements including those benefits from tax-exempt interest income, federal low-income housing/research and development tax credits, and excess tax benefits from recognized stock compensation. These tax benefits are offset by the tax effect of stock-based compensation expense related to incentive stock options, nondeductible acquisition costs and a provision for state income tax expense. 
 We frequently analyze our projections of taxable income and make adjustments to our provision for income taxes accordingly. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 SEGMENT INFORMATION 
 For financial reporting purposes, our business has three reporting segments: WSFS Bank, Cash Connect , and Wealth Management. The WSFS Bank segment provides loans and leases and other financial products to commercial and consumer customers. Cash Connect provides ATM vault cash, smart safe and other cash logistics services in the U.S through strategic partnerships with several of the largest networks, manufacturers and service providers in the ATM industry. Cash Connect services non-bank and WSFS-branded ATMs and smart safes nationwide. The Wealth Management segment provides a broad array of planning and advisory services, investment management, trust services, and credit and deposit products to individual, corporate and institutional clients. 
 WSFS Bank Segment 
 The WSFS Bank segment income before taxes decreased 83.2 million, or 28 , in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to a 161.6 million increase in the provision for credit losses due to the release of ACL reserves in 2021 from positive economic forecasts following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic the initial provision for credit losses of 23.5 million recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. In addition, external operating expenses increased 137.7 million, or 42 , reflecting the BMBC Merger. These increases were partially offset by an increase in external net interest income of 227.9 million, or 54 . 
 Cash Connect Segment 
 The Cash Connect segment income before taxes decreased to 7.3 million in 2022 from 10.2 million in 2021. During 2022, the Cash Connect segment focused on expanding smart safe and ATM managed services to increase fee income while optimizing funding source composition and operational efficiency in the rapidly rising interest rate environment.. The interest rate environment materially increased vault operating expenses, resulting in a full-year 2022 ROA for the Cash Connect segment of 1.01 , a decrease of 67 bps in comparison with full-year 2021. Cash Connect had 1.7 billion in total cash managed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. At year-end 2022, Cash Connect serviced approximately 26,300 non-bank ATMs and approximately 7,500 retail smart safes nationwide compared to approximately 27,400 non-bank ATMs and approximately 6,300 smart safes at year-end 2021. 
 Wealth Management Segment 
 The Wealth Management segment income before taxes increased 28.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily attributable to the combination with Bryn Mawr Trust and growth in our institutional trust activity. At December 31, 2022, Wealth Management had AUA/AUM of 64.5 billion, an 87 increase from 2021 balances. WSFS Institutional Services ended 2022 as the securitization industry's fifth most active trustee for U.S. ABS and MBS according to Asset-Backed Alert s ABS Database. 
 Segment financial information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is provided in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 ASSET/LIABILITY MANAGEMENT 
 Our primary asset/liability management goal is to optimize long term net interest income opportunities within the constraints of managing interest rate risk, ensuring adequate liquidity and funding and maintaining a strong capital base. 
 In general, interest rate risk is mitigated by closely matching the maturities or repricing periods of interest-sensitive assets and liabilities to ensure a favorable interest rate spread. We regularly review our interest-rate sensitivity, and use a variety of strategies as needed to adjust that sensitivity within acceptable tolerance ranges established by management and our Board of Directors. Changing the relative proportions of fixed-rate and adjustable-rate assets and liabilities is one of our primary strategies to accomplish this objective. 
 The matching of assets and liabilities may be analyzed using a number of methods including by examining the extent to which such assets and liabilities are interest-rate sensitive and by monitoring our interest-sensitivity gap. An interest-sensitivity gap is considered positive when the amount of interest-rate sensitive assets exceeds the amount of interest-rate sensitive liabilities repricing within a defined period, and is considered negative when the amount of interest-rate sensitive liabilities exceeds the amount of interest-rate sensitive assets repricing within a defined period. For additional information related to interest rate sensitivity, see "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk." 
 The repricing and maturities of our interest-rate sensitive assets and interest-rate sensitive liabilities at December 31, 2022 are shown in the following table: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Less than 
 One Year 
 One to Five 
 Years 
 Five to Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Interest-rate sensitive assets: Loans (1) : 
 Commercial loans and leases 4,350,531 1,406,598 320,488 9,889 6,087,506 Commercial mortgage loans 2,326,449 852,280 181,065 4,115 3,363,909 Residential (2) 
 143,486 272,254 268,579 91,157 775,476 Consumer 943,251 641,895 202,348 3,451 1,790,945 Loans held for sale 47,994 1,693 2,196 1,460 53,343 Investment securities, available-for-sale 713,092 1,875,009 2,185,852 253,031 5,026,984 Investment securities, held-to-maturity 97,085 312,877 551,571 150,096 1,111,629 Other interest-earning assets 24,116 24,116 Total interest-rate sensitive assets: 8,646,004 5,362,606 3,712,099 513,199 18,233,908 Interest-rate sensitive liabilities: Interest-bearing deposits: Interest-bearing demand 1,673,341 1,673,341 Savings 1,209,688 1,209,688 Money market 2,951,916 2,951,916 Customer time deposits 863,005 236,343 1,682 1,101,030 Trust preferred borrowings 90,442 90,442 Senior and subordinated debt 100,000 148,169 248,169 Other borrowed funds 155,751 155,751 Total interest-rate sensitive liabilities: 7,394,143 384,512 1,682 7,780,337 Excess of interest-rate sensitive assets over interest-rate liabilities (interest-rate sensitive gap) 1,251,861 4,978,094 3,710,417 513,199 10,453,571 One-year interest-rate sensitive assets/interest-rate sensitive liabilities 116.93 One-year interest-rate sensitive gap as a percent of total assets 6.29 
 (1) Loan balances exclude nonaccruing loans, deferred fees and costs 
 (2) Includes reverse mortgage loans 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Generally, during a period of rising interest rates, a positive gap would result in an increase in net interest income while a negative gap would adversely affect net interest income. Conversely, during a period of falling rates, a positive gap would result in a decrease in net interest income while a negative gap would augment net interest income. However, the interest-sensitivity table does not provide a comprehensive representation of the impact of interest rate changes on net interest income. Each category of assets or liabilities will not be affected equally or simultaneously by changes in the general level of interest rates. Even assets and liabilities which contractually reprice within the rate period may not reprice at the same price, at the same time or with the same frequency. It is also important to consider that the table represents a specific point in time. Variations can occur as we adjust our interest sensitivity position throughout the year. 
 To provide a more accurate position of our one-year gap, certain deposit classifications are based on the interest-rate sensitive attributes and not on the contractual repricing characteristics of these deposits. For the purpose of this analysis, we estimate, based on historical trends of our deposit accounts, with the exception of certain deposits estimated at 100 , that the majority of our money market deposits are 75 , and the majority of our savings and interest-bearing demand deposits are 50 sensitive to interest rate changes. Accordingly, these interest-sensitive portions are classified in the Less than One Year category with the remainder in the Over Five Years category. Deposit rates other than time deposit rates are variable. Changes in deposit rates are generally subject to local market conditions and our discretion and are not indexed to any particular rate. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration of the changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased costs of our operations. Unlike most industrial companies, nearly all of our assets and liabilities are monetary. As a result, interest rates have a greater impact on our performance than do the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or the same extent as the price of goods and services. 
 
 OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 We have no off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. For a description of certain financial instruments to which we are party and which expose us to certain credit risk not recognized in our financial statements, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

62 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 The discussion and analyses of the financial condition and results of operations are based on the Consolidated Financial Statements, which are prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP and general practices within the banking industry. The significant accounting policies of the Company are described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that may materially affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions including those related to the allowance for credit losses, business combinations, deferred taxes, fair value measurements and goodwill and other intangible assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other factors and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. These form the basis for making judgments on the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The following critical accounting policy involves more significant judgments and estimates. We have reviewed this critical accounting policy and estimates with the Audit Committee. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses (ACL) which represents our best estimate of expected losses in our financial assets, which include loans, leases and held-to-maturity debt securities. We establish our allowance in accordance with guidance provided in ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. The ACL includes two primary components: (i) an allowance established on financial assets which share similar risk characteristics collectively evaluated for credit losses (collective basis), and (ii) an allowance established on financial assets which do not share similar risk characteristics with any loan segment and is individually evaluated for credit losses (individual basis). We consider the determination of the allowance for credit losses to be critical because it requires significant judgment reflecting our best estimate of expected credit losses based on our historical loss experience, current conditions and economic forecasts. Our evaluation is based upon a continuous review of our financial assets, with consideration given to evaluations resulting from examinations performed by regulatory authorities. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further discussion of the ACL. 
 The calculation of expected credit losses is determined using a single scenario third-party economic forecast to adjust the calculated historical loss rates of the portfolio segments to incorporate the effects of current and future economic conditions. The determination of the appropriate level of the ACL inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates, including modeling methodology, historical loss experience, relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to qualitative adjustment factors, prepayment speeds and reasonable and supportable forecasts about future economic conditions. The Company's economic forecast considers the general health of the economy, the interest rate environment, real estate pricing and market risk 
 The ACL may increase or decrease due to changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers and macroeconomic variables that our financial assets are more susceptible to, including unforeseen events such as natural disasters and pandemics, new information regarding existing financial assets, identification of additional problems assets, the fair value of underlying collateral, and other factors. These changes, both within and outside the Control s control, may frequently update and have a material impact to our financial results. 
 Because current economic conditions and forecasts can change and future events are inherently difficult to predict, the anticipated amount of estimated credit losses on our financial assets, and therefore the appropriateness of the ACL, could change significantly. It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one economic factor or input might affect the overall ACL because a wide variety of factors and inputs are considered in these estimates and changes in those factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across the Company s portfolio mix and segmentation. Additionally, changes in factors and inputs may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that its ACL was adequate. 
 63 

Business Combinations 
 We account for business combinations under ASC 805, Business Combinations using the acquisition method of accounting and record the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, consideration paid, and any non-controlling interests of the acquired business at fair value at the acquisition date. The excess of consideration paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. The fair values are preliminary estimates subject to adjustments during the measurement period, which does not exceed one year after acquisition. The application of business combination principles, including the determination of the fair value of net assets acquired, requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions under ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Determining estimated fair value requires a significant amount of judgment and estimates. If our assumptions change, or errors are determined in its calculations, the fair value could materially change resulting in an adjustment to our goodwill or identifiable net assets acquired, including identified intangible assets. As of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, consideration paid, and any non-controlling interests of the acquired business at fair value at the acquisition date was appropriately determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 For information on Recent Accounting Pronouncements see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 64 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our primary objective in managing interest rate risk is to minimize the adverse impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income and capital, while maximizing the yield/cost spread on our asset/liability structure. Interest rates are partly a function of decisions by the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) on the target range for the federal funds rate, and these decisions are sometimes difficult to anticipate. In response to the economic and financial effects of COVID-19, the FOMC reduced interest rates through 2020 and 2021 and instituted quantitative easing measures as well as domestic and global capital market support programs. The FOMC raised the federal funds target rate seven times in 2022 for a total of 425 basis points and 25 basis points in February 2023, and has suggested it may continue raising interest rates further in 2023. In order to manage the risks associated with changes or possible changes in interest rates, we rely primarily on our asset/liability structure. 
 The matching of maturities or repricing periods of interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities to promote a favorable interest rate spread and mitigate exposure to fluctuations in interest rates is our primary tool for achieving our asset/liability management strategies. We regularly review our interest rate sensitivity and adjust the sensitivity within acceptable tolerance ranges. At December 31, 2022 interest-earning assets exceeded interest-bearing liabilities that mature or reprice within one year (interest-sensitive gap) by 1.3 billion. Our interest-sensitive assets as a percentage of interest-sensitive liabilities within the one-year window was 116.93 at December 31, 2022 compared with 120.40 at December 31, 2021. In addition, the one-year interest-sensitive gap as a percentage of total assets was 6.29 at December 31, 2022 compared to 7.28 at December 31, 2021. 
 Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Our market risk arises primarily from interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investing, and funding activities. To that end, we actively monitor and manage our interest rate risk exposure. One measure, which we are required to perform by federal 
 regulation, measures the impact of an immediate change in interest rates in 100 basis point increments on the economic value of equity ratio. The economic value of the equity ratio is defined as the economic value of the estimated cash flows from assets and liabilities as a percentage of economic value of cash flows from total assets. 
 The following table shows the estimated impact of immediate changes in interest rates on our net interest margin and economic value of equity at the specified levels at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Change in Interest Rate (Basis Points) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change in Net Interest Margin (1) 
 Economic Value 
 of Equity (2) 
 Change in Net Interest 
 Margin (1) 
 Economic Value of 
 Equity (2) 
 300 18.5 27.54 25.1 24.27 200 12.3 26.44 16.6 23.07 100 6.1 25.22 8.2 21.76 50 3.1 24.56 4.1 20.33 25 1.5 24.22 2.0 20.05 23.87 19.73 (25) (1.6) 23.50 (1.4) 19.28 (50) (3.3) 23.10 (2.2) 18.72 (100) (6.8) 22.20 (3.8) 17.36 (200) (3) 
 (14.0) 20.20 NMF NMF (300) (3) 
 (21.2) 17.90 NMF NMF 
 (1) The percentage difference between net interest income in a stable interest rate environment and net interest margin as projected under the various rate change environments. 
 (2) The economic value of equity ratio in a stable interest rate environment and the economic value of equity projected under the various rate change environments. 
 (3) At December 31, 2021, sensitivity indicated by a decrease of 200 and 300 basis points is deemed not meaningful (NMF) given the low absolute level of interest rates at that time. 
 We also engage in other business activities that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For example, mortgage banking revenues and expenses can fluctuate with changing interest rates. These fluctuations are difficult to model and estimate. 

65 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The following audited Consolidated Financial Statements and related documents are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K on the following pages: 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 74 

66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 WSFS Financial Corporation: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of WSFS Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, , the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, a, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022,based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

67 

Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Assessment of the Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans and Leases Evaluated on a Collective Basis 
 As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 151.9 million, of which 149.4 million related to the allowance for credit losses on loans and leases evaluated on a collective basis (the collective ACL). The collective ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pooled) basis for those loans and leases that share similar risk characteristics. For the commercial portfolio, the Company uses a base loss rate methodology which applies a probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) which are calculated based on the historical rate of migration. The historical rate of migration is based on the historical rate of credit loss measured during a look-back period (LBP). The historical rate of credit loss is determined based on internally assessed risk ratings and loan segments and then adjusted for the economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic assumptions over reasonable and supportable forecast periods. For the retail portfolio, the Company uses a base loss rate methodology which calculates historical loss rates based on average net loss rates over the LBP that incorporates the economic forecast assigned to that loan. After the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the Company reverts on a straight-line basis over the reversion period to its historical loss rates, evaluated over the LBP, for the remaining life of both commercial and retail loans and leases. The LBP, reasonable and supportable forecast, and reversion period are established for each portfolio segment. The Company estimates the exposure at default using a method which projects prepayments over the life of the loans and leases. In order to capture the unique risks of the loan and lease portfolio within the PD, LGD and average net loss rates, the Company segments the portfolio into pools, considering similar risk characteristics. A portion of the collective ACL is comprised of adjustments to historical loss information for various internal and external conditions. These adjustments are based on qualitative factors not reflected in the quantitative model but are likely to impact the measurement of estimated credit losses. 
 We identified the assessment of the December 31, 2022 collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, including the methods and quantitative model used to estimate (1) the PD, LGD and average net loss rates and their significant assumptions, including portfolio segmentation, the economic forecast scenario and macroeconomic assumptions, the reasonable and supportable forecast periods, the LBP for both the commercial and retail portfolio, and credit risk ratings for commercial loans, and (2) the qualitative factors. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness and performance of the quantitative model. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the collective ACL estimates, including controls over the: 
 
 development of the collective ACL methodology 
 continued use and appropriateness of changes made to the quantitative model 
 identification and determination of the significant assumptions used in the quantitative model 
 development of certain qualitative factors 
 analysis of the collective ACL results, trends, and ratios. 

68 

We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ACL estimates by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company s collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 evaluating judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment and performance testing of the quantitative model used 
 assessing the conceptual soundness and performance of the quantitative model used by inspecting the model documentation to determine whether the model is suitable for its intended use 
 evaluating the selection of economic forecast scenario by comparing it to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 evaluating the length of the historical observation period and reasonable and supportable forecast periods by comparing to specific portfolio risk characteristics and trends 
 determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 testing individual credit risk ratings for a selection of commercial loans by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral 
 evaluating the effect of certain qualitative factors on the collective ACL compared with relevant credit risk factors and consistency with credit trends and identified limitations of the underlying quantitative model. 
 
 We also assessed the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the December 31, 2022 collective ACL by evaluating: 
 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 potential bias in the account estimates 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company's auditor since 1994. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 
 
 69 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans and leases Interest on mortgage-backed securities Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable Tax-exempt Other interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank advances Interest on senior and subordinated debt Interest on trust preferred borrowings Interest on federal funds purchased Interest on other borrowings Net interest income Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for (recovery of) credit losses Noninterest income: Credit/debit card and ATM income Investment management and fiduciary revenue Deposit service charges Mortgage banking activities, net Loan and lease fee income Security gains, net Unrealized gains on equity investments, net Realized (loss) gain on sale of equity investment, net ) Bank owned life insurance income Other income Noninterest expense: Salaries, benefits and other compensation Occupancy expense Equipment expense Professional fees Data processing and operations expenses Marketing expense FDIC expenses Loan workout and other credit costs Corporate development expense Restructuring expense Recovery of legal settlement ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Other operating expense Income before taxes Income tax provision Net income Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to WSFS Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Less: Net gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to WSFS Other comprehensive (loss) income: Net change in unrealized (losses) gains on investment securities available-for-sale Net unrealized (losses) gains arising during the period, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), ), and , respectively 
 ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net gains on sales realized in net income, net of tax expense of , , and , respectively 
 ) ) ) ) Net change in securities held-to-maturity Net change in unrealized losses on securities reclassified to held-to-maturity, net of tax expense of , , and , respectively (1)(2) 
 ) ) ) Net change in unfunded pension liability Change in unfunded pension liability related to unrealized gain (loss), prior service cost and transition obligation, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), , and ), respectively 
 ) Pension settlement, net of tax expense of , and , respectively 
 ) Net change in cash flow hedge Net unrealized gain arising during the period, net of tax expense of , , and , respectively 
 Amortization of unrealized gain on terminated cash flow hedges, net of tax benefit 
 of , and , respectively 
 ) ) ) ) ) Net change in equity method investments Net change in other comprehensive income (loss) of equity method investments, net of tax expense (benefit) of , , and ), respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total comprehensive (loss) income ) 
 (1) million, net of tax benefit, of unrealized losses on transferred investment securities with a book value of billion from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity for the year ended December 31, 2022 . 
 (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 71 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands, except per share and share data) 2022 2021 Assets: Cash and due from banks Cash in non-owned ATMs Interest-bearing deposits in other banks including collateral (restricted cash) of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Investment securities, available for sale (amortized cost of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Investment securities, held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 (fair value at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021) 
 Other investments Loans held for sale at fair value Loans and leases, net of allowance of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Bank-owned life insurance Stock in Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, at cost Other real estate owned Accrued interest receivable Premises and equipment Goodwill Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing demand Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Trust preferred borrowings Senior and subordinated debt Other borrowed funds Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock par value, shares authorized of ; shares issued of at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity of WSFS Noncontrolling interest ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share and share amounts) Shares Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity of WSFS Non-controlling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative change in accounting principle ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2020 (as adjusted for change in accounting principle) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income Cash dividend, per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock including proceeds from exercise of common stock options Contributions from noncontrolling shareholders Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Cash dividend, per share 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock including proceeds from exercise of common stock options Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Cash dividend, per share 
 ) ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling shareholders ) ) Issuance of common stock including proceeds from exercise of common stock options Issuance of common stock in acquisition of BMT Noncontrolling interest assumed in acquisition ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Repurchase of common stock (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 (1) , and shares repurchased, respectively, in connection with the Company's share buyback program approved by the Board of Directors, and , and shares withheld, respectively, to cover tax liabilities. 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 73 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for (recovery of) credit losses ) Depreciation of premises and equipment, net Accretion of fees, premiums and discounts, net ) ) ) Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of right of use lease asset Decrease in operating lease liability ) ) ) Income from mortgage banking activities, net ) ) ) Gain on sale of securities, net ) ) Gain on sale of other real estate owned and valuation adjustments, net ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Unrealized gains on equity investments, net ) ) ) Realized loss (gain) on sale of equity investment, net ) Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) Origination of loans held-for-sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held-for-sale Increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Increase in value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ) Increase in capitalized interest, net ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of investment securities held to maturity ) ) Repayments, maturities and calls of investment securities held to maturity Sale of investment securities available-for-sale Purchases of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Repayments of investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance death benefit Net proceeds from sale of equity investments Net cash from business combinations Net (increase) decrease in loans and leases ) ) Purchases of loans held for investment ) ) ) Purchases of FHLB stock ) ) ) Redemption of FHLB stock Sales of assets acquired through foreclosure, net Sale of premise and equipment Investment in premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 
 (continued on following page) 
 74 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Financing activities: Net (decrease) increase in demand and saving deposits ) Decrease in time deposits ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in brokered deposits ) ) Receipts from FHLB advances Repayments of FHLB advances ) ) ) Receipts from federal funds purchased Repayments of federal funds purchased ) ) Contribution from noncontrolling shareholders ) Cash dividend ) ) ) Issuance of common stock and exercise of common stock options Redemption of senior debt ) Issuance of senior debt, net of costs Repurchase of common shares ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest during the period Cash paid for income taxes, net Non-cash information: Loans transferred to other real estate owned Loans transferred to portfolio from held-for-sale at fair value Securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale at fair value Available-for-sale securities purchased, not settled Fair value of assets acquired, net of cash received Fair value of liabilities assumed Impact of ASC 326 Adoption: Allowance for credit losses on held-to-maturity debt securities ) Allowance for credit losses on loans and leases ) Deferred tax assets Allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments ) Retained earnings 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 unconsolidated subsidiaries, WSFS Capital Trust III (the Trust), Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I, and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II . WSFS Bank has wholly-owned subsidiaries: Beneficial Equipment Finance Corporation (BEFC) and 1832 Holdings, Inc., and majority-owned subsidiary, NewLane Finance Company (NewLane Finance ). 
 Additionally, WSFS and the Bank acquired certain subsidiaries in the merger of Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (BMBC) with and into WSFS on January 1, 2022, and the merger of The Bryn Mawr Trust Company with and into the Bank (collectively, the BMBC Merger), pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, by and between WSFS and BMBC, dated as of March 9, 2021 (the BMBC Merger Agreement) that are not named herein as they are not integral or significant to our business. 
 On April 1, 2022, WSFS completed the merger of Christiana Trust Company of Delaware and BMT-DE. The combined organization will retain and operate under The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware name. Additionally on April 1, 2022, Bryn Mawr Equipment Finance, Inc. merged with and into BEFC. On April 29, 2022, the portfolio of KCMI Capital, Inc. (KCMI), a specialized commercial lending unit acquired in the BMBC merger and not core to our overall lending strategy, was sold at par value for million . Finally, on June 30, 2022, the business of BMT Insurance Advisors (BMTIA), was sold to Patriot Growth Services, LLC. 
 On January 1, 2023, WSFS completed the merger and brand conversion of West Capital and Cypress and has renamed the combined entity Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC. Bryn Mawr Capital Management, LLC is registered as an investment advisor with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of WSFS. 
 Overview 
 Founded in 1832, the Bank is one of the ten oldest bank and trust companies continuously operating under the same name in the U.S. The Company provides residential and commercial mortgage, commercial and consumer lending services, as well as retail deposit and cash management services. The Company's core banking business is commercial lending funded primarily by customer-generated deposits. In addition, the Company offers a variety of wealth management and trust services to individual, corporate and institutional clients. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insures the Company's customers deposits to their legal maximums. The Company serves its Customers primarily from offices located in Pennsylvania ), Delaware ), New Jersey ), Virginia ), and Nevada ), its ATM network, website at www.wsfsbank.com , and mobile apps. Information on the Company's website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The Company's leasing business is conducted by NewLane Finance . NewLane Finance originates small business leases and provides commercial financing to businesses nationwide, targeting various equipment categories including technology, software, office, medical, veterinary and other areas. In addition, NewLane Finance offers captive insurance through its subsidiary, Prime Protect. 
 76 

77 

78 

79 

80 

For additional detail regarding other real estate owned, see Note 8. 
 , respectively. Software, which includes purchased or externally hosted software is recorded in Other assets and is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the contract term or estimated useful life of the software. 
 Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred, while costs of major replacements, improvements and additions are capitalized. 
 Premises and equipment acquired in business combinations are initially recorded at fair value and subsequently carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Assets to be disposed of are recorded at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 
 For additional detail regarding premises and equipment, see Note 9. 
 For additional information regarding goodwill and intangible assets, see Note 11. 
 81 

For additional detail regarding derivatives, see Note 20. 
 For additional detail regarding income taxes, see Note 16. 
 
 For additional detail regarding the securities sold under agreements to repurchase, see Note 13. 
 82 

For additional detail regarding stock-based compensation, see Note 17. 
 
 83 

of the outstanding common stock of BMBC. In accordance with the terms of the merger agreement, dated March 9, 2021, by and between WSFS and BMBC, each share of BMBC common stock was exchanged for shares of WSFS common stock (with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares). The total value of consideration paid was million based on shares of BMBC common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021, the vesting of BMBC restricted stock awards, and the closing price per share of WSFS common stock of on December 31, 2021. Results of the combined Company s operations are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements since the date of the acquisition. 
 BMBC was the holding company for The Bryn Mawr Trust Company (Bryn Mawr Bank), a Pennsylvania chartered bank and wholly-owned subsidiary. BMBC and Bryn Mawr Bank were headquartered in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania, a western suburb of Philadelphia, and served primarily the Greater Philadelphia region. BMBC and its direct and indirect subsidiaries was a locally managed, premier financial services company providing retail and commercial banking; trust administration and wealth management; and insurance and risk management solutions. Following the BMBC Merger, WSFS Bank is the oldest and largest, locally headquartered bank and trust company in the Greater Philadelphia and Delaware region with a full-service product suite and a balance sheet to compete with larger regional and national banks. The BMBC Merger also allows WSFS to accelerate our long-term strategic objectives, including scale to continue to invest in our delivery and talent transformations. 
 The acquisition of BMBC was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and, accordingly, the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration transferred were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of consideration transferred over the fair value of net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill, which is not amortizable nor deductible for tax purposes. The Company allocated goodwill to its WSFS Bank segment and Wealth Management segment.) 
 Cash paid to BMBC stock and option holders Value of consideration Assets acquired: Cash and due from banks Investment securities Loans and leases, net Premises and equipment Deferred income taxes Bank owned life insurance Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities assumed: Deposits Other borrowings Other liabilities Noncontrolling interest ) Total liabilities and noncontrolling interest Net assets acquired: Goodwill resulting from acquisition of BMBC 
 
 84 

Effects of adjustments to: Deferred income taxes Intangibles Deposits ) Other liabilities Effect of sale of BMTIA business ) Goodwill resulting from the acquisition of BMBC as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Adjustments to Goodwill were primarily related to the fair value of Wealth Management intangible assets, the subsequent sale of the BMTIA business, and the related deferred tax impacts. 
 Fair value estimates related to the assets and liabilities from BMBC are subject to adjustment for up to one year after the closing date of the acquisition as additional information becomes available. Changes to the preliminary valuation of acquired assets and liabilities were recognized as adjustments to identified intangibles and goodwill. All remeasurement adjustments were completed prior to the expiration of the remeasurement period on December 31, 2022, one year after the closing date. 
 The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the increased market share and related synergies that are expected to result from the acquisition, and represents the excess purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired from BMBC. 
 The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used to estimate the fair values of major categories of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. In many cases, the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were determined by estimating the cash flows expected to result from those assets and liabilities and applying the appropriate market discount rates. 
 Cash and due from banks : The estimated fair values of cash and due from banks approximate their stated value. 
 Investment Securities : The acquired investment portfolio had a fair value of million, primarily consisting of short-term U.S. Treasury bills that matured subsequent to closing on January 6, 2022. The estimated fair value approximated the stated value at maturity. 
 Loans and Leases : The Company recorded billion of acquired loans, which were initially recorded at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Fair value for loans was based on a discounted cash flow methodology that considered credit loss and prepayment expectations, market interest rates and other market factors, such as liquidity, from the perspective of a market participant. Loan cash flows were generated on an individual loan basis. The probability of default, loss given default, exposure at default and prepayment assumptions are the key factors driving credit losses which are embedded into the estimated cash flows. 
 Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Commercial small business leases Residential 
 Consumer Total acquired loans and leases 
 85 

Allowance for credit losses at acquisition ) Non-credit related discount ) Total purchase credit deteriorated (PCD) loans acquired 
 The BMBC Merger resulted in the addition of million in allowance for credit losses, including the million identified in the table above for PCD loans, and million for non-PCD loans recorded through the provision for credit losses at the date of acquisition. 
 Deferred Income Taxes : The Company recorded a deferred income tax asset (DTA) of million related to tax attributes of BMBC along with the effects of fair value adjustments resulting from acquisition accounting for the combination. The DTA s recorded were based on the expected federal and state tax benefits of when the acquired tax attributes and purchase accounting adjustments will reverse. In recording the DTA, consideration was given to potential limitations on the realizability of such acquired tax attributes. There was no material change to the valuation allowance as a result of the BMBC Merger. 
 Trust preferred borrowings and subordinated debt : The fair value of trust preferred borrowings and subordinated debt were determined by present valuing the expected cash flows using current market rates for similar instruments. A fair value discount of million was recognized for the trust preferred borrowings and will be recognized as an increase to interest expense over the remaining life of the borrowings. A fair value premium of million was recognized for the subordinated debt and will be recognized as a decrease to interest expense over the remaining life of the debt. 
 Intangible Assets : The Company recorded million of core deposit intangible (CDI) which is being amortized over using a straight-line amortization methodology. The fair value of the core deposit intangible was determined using the cost savings approach. The cost savings approach is defined as the difference between cost of funds on deposits and the cost of an equal amount of funds from an alternative source. The CDI fair value was determined by projecting net cash flow benefits, including assumptions related to customer attrition, discount rates, deposit interest rates, and alternative costs of funds. 
 Certificates of deposit accounts were valued by segregating the portfolio into pools based on remaining maturity and comparing the contractual cost of the portfolio to an identical portfolio bearing current market rates. The valuation adjustment will be accreted or amortized to interest expense over the remaining maturities of the respective pools. 
 WSFS recorded million of Wealth Management intangible assets that consisted of million for customer relationships in our wealth management, trust and insurances lines of business, million for the Bryn Mawr Trust tradename, and million in non-compete agreements. Fair value for these Wealth Management intangible assets was based on a discounted cash flow methodology projecting net cash flow benefits, including assumptions related to customer attrition, discount rates, income projections and applicable growth rate assumptions. 
 Corporate development expenses and Restructuring expenses 
 For acquisitions, the Company develops comprehensive integration plans under which it has incurred direct costs, which are expensed as incurred. These direct costs include costs that are primarily related to: (i) terminated contracts, (ii) consolidated facilities (including lease termination expenses), (iii) severance, (iv) marketing, and (v) professional and legal fees. Costs related to the acquisition and restructuring are included in the Corporate development expense and Restructuring expense line items, respectively, on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 86 

Occupancy expense Equipment expense Professional fees Data processing and operations expenses Marketing expense Other operating expense, net Total corporate development and restructuring expenses 
 
 During the second quarter of 2021, WSFS announced a retail banking office optimization plan that included the planned consolidation of Bryn Mawr Trust and WSFS Bank banking offices. Most of the consolidations and rebranding of the banking offices were completed during the first quarter of 2022, which included the consolidation of Bryn Mawr Trust and WSFS Bank banking offices. Costs related to this plan are included in the Corporate development expense line item on the Consolidated Statements of Income. In addition, the Company had million of premises and equipment as held-for-sale as of December 31, 2022, which is included in the Other assets line item on the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. 
 Pro Forma Income Statement (unaudited) 
 The following pro forma income statement for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 presents the pro forma results of operations of the combined institution (BMBC and the Corporation) as if the BMBC Merger occurred on January 1, 2021. 
 (Recovery of) provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Total noninterest income Total noninterest expenses Income before income taxes Income tax provision Net income Per share data: Weighted-average basic shares outstanding Dilutive shares Adjusted weighted-average diluted shares Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 Due to the various conversions of BMBC systems since the date of acquisition, as well as other streamlining and continuing integration of BMBC's operating activities into those of the Company, reporting for revenue and net income of the former BMBC operations for the period subsequent to the acquisition is impracticable. 
 87 

Interchange fees Other card and ATM fees Total credit/debit card and ATM income 
 Credit/debit card and ATM income is composed of bailment fees, interchange fees, and other card and ATM fees. Bailment fees are earned from bailment arrangements with customers. Bailment arrangements are legal relationships in which property is delivered to another party without a transfer of ownership. The party who transferred the property (the bailor) retains ownership interest of the property. In the event that the bailee files for bankruptcy protection, the property is not included in the bailee's assets. The bailee pays an agreed-upon fee for the use of the bailor's property in exchange for the bailor allowing use of the assets at the bailee's site. Bailment fees are earned from cash that is made available for customers' use at an offsite location, such as cash located in an ATM at a customer's place of business. These fees are typically indexed to a market interest rate. This revenue stream generates fee income through monthly billing for bailment services. 
 Credit/debit card and ATM income also includes interchange fees. Interchange fees are paid by a merchant's bank to a bank that issued a debit or credit card used in a transaction to compensate the issuing bank for the value and benefit the merchant receives from accepting electronic payments. These revenue streams generate fee income at the time a transaction occurs and are recorded as revenue at the time of the transaction. 
 Investment management and fiduciary income 
 Wealth management and advisory fees Total investment management and fiduciary income 
 Investment management and fiduciary income is composed of trust fees and wealth management and advisory fees. Trust fees are based on revenue earned from custody, escrow, trustee and trustee related services on structured finance transactions; indenture trustee, administrative agent and collateral agent services to individuals, institutions and corporations; commercial domicile and independent director services; and investment and trustee services to families and individuals. Most fees are flat fees, except for a portion of personal and corporate trustee fees where the Company earns a percentage on the assets under management or assets held within a trust. This revenue stream primarily generates fee income through monthly, quarterly and annual billings for services provided. 
 Wealth management and advisory fees consists of fees from Bryn Mawr Trust , Cypress, West Capital, Powdermill , and WSFS Wealth Investments. Wealth management and advisory fees are based on revenue earned from services including asset management, financial planning, family office, and brokerage. The fees are based on the market value of assets, are assessed as a flat fee, or are brokerage commissions. This revenue stream primarily generates fee income through monthly, quarterly and annual billings for the services. 
 88 

Return and overdraft fees Other deposit service fees Total deposit service charges 
 Deposit service charges includes revenue earned from core deposit products, certificates of deposit, and brokered deposits. The Company generates fee revenues from deposit service charges primarily through service charges and overdraft fees. Service charges consist primarily of monthly account maintenance fees, cash management fees, foreign ATM fees and other maintenance fees. All of these revenue streams generate fee income through service charges for monthly account maintenance and similar items, transfer fees, late fees, overlimit fees, and stop payment fees. Revenue is recorded at the time of the transaction. 
 Other income 
 Currency preparation ATM loss protection Capital markets revenue Miscellaneous products and services (1) 
 Total other income 
 (1) Includes commissions income from BMTIA in 2022. The BMTIA business was sold during the second quarter of 2022. 
 Other income consists of managed service fees, which are primarily courier fees related to cash management, currency preparation, ATM loss protection, capital markets revenue, and other miscellaneous products and services offered by the Bank. These fees are primarily generated through monthly billings or at the time of the transaction. Through its subsidiary BMTIA, the Bank earned commissions from the sale of insurance policies, which are generally calculated as a percentage of the policy premium, and contingent income, which is calculated based on the volume and performance of the policies held by each carrier. Obligations for the sale of insurance policies are generally satisfied at the point in time which the policy is executed and are recognized at the point in time in which the amounts are known and collection is reasonably assured. Performance metrics for contingent income are generally satisfied over time, not exceeding one year, and are recognized at the point in time in which the amounts are known and collection is reasonably assured. 
 Arrangements with multiple performance obligations 
 The Company's contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, the Company allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. The Company generally determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. 
 Practical expedients and exemptions 
 The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 See Note 22 for further information about the disaggregation of noninterest income by segment. 
 89 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator: Weighted average basic shares Dilutive potential common shares Weighted average fully diluted shares Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Outstanding common stock equivalents having no dilutive effect 
 
 Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing Net income attributable to WSFS by the weighted-average basic shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing Net income attributable to WSFS by the weighted-average fully diluted shares outstanding, using the treasury stock method. Fully diluted shares include the adjustment for the dilutive effect of common stock awards, which include outstanding stock options and unvested restricted stock units under the 2013 Incentive Plan and the 2018 Incentive Plan. 
 90 

of the Company's investments in debt securities are classified as trading. 
 December 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gain 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Fair 
 Value 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities Collateralized mortgage obligation (CMO) Fannie Mae (FNMA) mortgage-backed securities (MBS) Freddie Mac (FHLMC) MBS Ginnie Mae (GNMA) MBS Government-sponsored enterprises (GSE) agency notes Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities (1) 
 FNMA MBS State and political subdivisions Foreign bonds 
 (1) Held-to-maturity securities transferred from available-for-sale are included in held-to-maturity at amortized cost basis at the time of transfer. The amortized cost of transferred held-to-maturity securities included net unrealized losses of million at December 31, 2022, which are offset in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . At the time of transfer, there was no allowance for credit loss on the available-for-sale securities. Subsequent to transfer, the securities were evaluated for credit loss. 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gain 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Fair 
 Value 
 Available-for-Sale Debt Securities CMO FNMA MBS FHLMC MBS GNMA MBS GSE agency notes Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities (1) 
 State and political subdivisions Foreign bonds 
 (1) Held-to maturity securities transferred from available-for-sale are included in held-to-maturity at fair value at the time of transfer. The amortized cost of transferred held-to-maturity securities included net unrealized gains of million at December 31, 2021, which are offset in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . At the time of transfer, there was no allowance for credit loss on the available-for-sale securities. Subsequent to transfer, the securities were evaluated for credit loss. 

91 

After one year but within five years After five years but within ten years After ten years December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Within one year After one year but within five years After five years but within ten years After ten years 
 (1) Actual maturities could differ from contractual maturities. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s available-for-sale investment securities consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. 
 As of December 31, 2022, substantially all of the Corporation s available-for-sale investment securities were mortgage-backed securities or collateral mortgage obligations which were issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. 
 After one year but within five years After five years but within ten years After ten years December 31, 2021 (1) 
 Within one year After one year but within five years After five years but within ten years After ten years 
 
 MBS may have expected maturities that differ from their contractual maturities. These differences arise because issuers may have the right to call securities and borrowers may have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalty. The estimated weighted average duration of MBS was years at December 31, 2022. 
 The held-to-maturity debt securities are not collateral-dependent securities as these are general obligation bonds issued by cities, states, counties, or other local and foreign governments. 
 92 

billion from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity to mitigate the impact of the rising interest rate environment to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the Company's Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity. The transfer occurred at a fair value totaling million. The amortized cost of transferred held-to-maturity securities included net unrealized losses of million at June 30, 2022, which are offset in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) . No gains or losses on these securities were recognized at the time of transfer. 
 Investment securities with fair market values aggregating billion and billion were pledged as collateral for investment sweep repurchase agreements, municipal deposits, and other obligations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had sales of debt securities categorized as available-for-sale. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold million of debt securities categorized as available-for-sale, resulting in million of realized gains and realized losses. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company sold million, resulting in realized gains of million and realized losses. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company's debt securities portfolio had remaining unamortized premiums of million and million, respectively, and unaccreted discounts of million and million, respectively. 
 FNMA MBS FHLMC MBS GNMA MBS GSE agency notes 
 For debt securities in an unrealized loss position and an allowance has not been recorded, the table below shows the gross unrealized losses and fair value by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities were in a continuous unrealized loss position at December 31, 2021. 
 Duration of Unrealized Loss Position Less than 12 months 12 months or longer Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized (Dollars in thousands) Value Loss Value Loss Value Loss Available-for-sale debt securities: CMO FNMA MBS FHLMC MBS GNMA MBS GSE agency notes 
 At December 31, 2022, available-for-sale debt securities for which the amortized cost basis exceeded fair value totaled billion. Total unrealized losses on these securities were million at December 31, 2022. The Company does not have the intent to sell, nor is it more likely than not it will be required to sell these securities before it is able to recover the amortized cost basis. The unrealized losses are the result of changes in market interest rates subsequent to purchase, not credit loss, as these are highly rated agency securities with no expected credit loss, in the event of a default. As a result, there is allowance for credit losses recorded for available-for-sale debt securities as of December 31, 2022. 
 93 

billion and million, respectively. The held-to-maturity debt security portfolio primarily consists of mortgage-backed securities which were issued or guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies and highly rated municipal bonds. The Company monitors credit quality of its debt securities through credit ratings. 
 Not rated Ending balance 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost of debt securities held-to-maturity as of December 31, 2021, aggregated by credit quality indicator: 
 (Dollars in thousands) State and political subdivisions Foreign bonds A+ rated or higher Not rated Ending balance 
 The Company reviewed its held-to-maturity debt securities by major security type for potential credit losses. There was no activity in the allowance for credit losses for FNMA MBS and foreign bond debt securities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Provision for credit losses ) Ending balance 
 Accrued interest receivable of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, for held-to-maturity debt securities were excluded from the evaluation of allowance for credit losses. There were nonaccrual or past due held-to-maturity debt securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Equity Investments 
 The Company had equity investments with a fair value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, total net gains on equity investments of million were recorded from the Company's investment in Cred.ai in June 2022. 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, total net gains on equity investments of million were recorded from the sale of the Company's investment in Social Finance, Inc. (SoFi) in July 2021. This included a net realized loss of million which was recorded in Realized loss (gain) on equity investments, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income at the time of sale. 
 million were recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. This included a net realized gain of million which was recorded in Realized loss (gain) on equity investments, net 
 94 

Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Commercial small business leases Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Less: Allowance for credit losses Net loans and leases 
 (1) Includes PPP loans of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes reverse mortgages, at fair value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans outstanding was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

95 

million recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger and loan growth during the year. The initial million ACL recorded includes million related to non-PCD loans, or the initial provision for credit loss recorded, and million related to PCD loans, which does not have an initial income statement impact, but adjusts the amortized cost basis of the loans at acquisition (i.e., a balance sheet gross-up). 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial (1) 
 Owner- 
 occupied 
 Commercial 
 Commercial 
 Mortgages 
 Construction Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Total Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance Initial allowance on acquired PCD loans Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision (4) 
 ) Ending balance Period-end allowance allocated to: Loans evaluated on an individual basis Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance Period-end loan balances: Loans evaluated on an individual basis 
 Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (2) Period-end loan balance excludes reverse mortgages at fair value of million. 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 (4) Includes million initial provision for credit losses on non-PCD loans. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial (1) 
 Owner- occupied Commercial Commercial Mortgages Construction Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Total Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Credit) provision ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance Period-end allowance allocated to: Loans evaluated on an individual basis Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance Period-end loan balances: Loans evaluated on an individual basis Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (2) Period-end loan balance excludes reverse mortgages at fair value of million. 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 96 

Impact of adoption ASC 326 (4) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision (credit) ) Ending balance Period-end allowance allocated to: Loans evaluated on an individual basis Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance Period-end loan balances: Loans evaluated on an individual basis Loans evaluated on a collective basis Ending balance 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (2) Period-end loan balance excludes reverse mortgages at fair value of million. 
 (3) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 (4) Includes million for the initial allowance on loans purchased with credit deterioration. 
 Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Residential (3) 
 Consumer (4) 
 Total (4) 
 of Total Loans 
 (1) There were nonaccrual loans with an allowance as of December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (3) Residential accruing current balances exclude reverse mortgages at fair value of million. 
 (4) Includes million of delinquent, but still accruing, U.S. government-guaranteed student loans that carry little risk of credit loss. 
 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) 30 89 Days Past Due and Still Accruing Greater Than 
 90 Days 
 Past Due and 
 Still Accruing 
 Total Past 
 Due 
 And Still 
 Accruing 
 Accruing 
 Current 
 Balances 
 Nonaccrual 
 Loans (1) 
 Total Loans Commercial and industrial (2) 
 Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Residential (3) 
 Consumer (4) 
 Total (4) 
 of Total Loans 
 (1) Nonaccrual loans with an allowance totaled less than million. 
 (2) Includes commercial small business leases and PPP loans. 
 (3) Residential accruing current balances exclude reverse mortgages at fair value of million. 
 (4) Includes million of delinquent, but still accruing, U.S. government-guaranteed student loans that carry little risk of credit loss. 
 97 

Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Residential (2) 
 Consumer (3) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases. 
 (2) Excludes reverse mortgages at fair value. 
 . 
 Interest income of million was recognized on individually reviewed loans during 2022 compared to million during 2021 and 2020. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were residential loans and commercial loans in the process of foreclosure. The total outstanding balance on the loans was million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, there were residential loans and commercial loans in the process of foreclosure. The total outstanding balance on the loans was million and million, respectively. Loan workout and OREO expenses recognized were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. Loan workout and OREO expenses are included in Loan workout and other credit costs on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 Below is a description of each of the risk ratings for all commercial loans: 
 
 Pass . These borrowers currently show no indication of deterioration or potential problems and their loans are considered fully collectible. 
 Special Mention. These borrowers have potential weaknesses that deserve management s close attention. Borrowers in this category may be experiencing adverse operating trends, for example, declining revenues or margins, high leverage, tight liquidity, or increasing inventory without increasing sales. These adverse trends can have a potential negative effect on the borrower s repayment capacity. These assets are not adversely classified and do not expose the Bank to significant risk that would warrant a more severe rating. Borrowers in this category may also be experiencing significant management problems, pending litigation, or other structural credit weaknesses. 
 Substandard or Lower . These borrowers have well-defined weaknesses that require extensive oversight by management. Borrowers in this category may exhibit one or more of the following: inadequate debt service coverage, unprofitable operations, insufficient liquidity, high leverage, and weak or inadequate capitalization. Relationships in this category are not adequately protected by the sound financial worth and paying capacity of the obligor or the collateral pledged on the loan, if any. A distinct possibility exists that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. In addition, some borrowers in this category could have the added characteristic that the possibility of loss is extremely high. Current circumstances in the credit relationship make collection or liquidation in full highly questionable. Such impending events include: perfecting liens on additional collateral, obtaining collateral valuations, an acquisition or liquidation preceding, proposed merger, or refinancing plan. 
 Residential and Consumer Loans 
 The residential and consumer loan portfolios are monitored on an ongoing basis using delinquency information and loan type as credit quality indicators. These credit quality indicators are assessed in the aggregate in these relatively homogeneous portfolios. Loans that are greater than days past due are generally considered nonperforming and placed on nonaccrual status. 
 
 98 

Special mention Substandard or Lower Owner-occupied commercial: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Commercial mortgages: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Construction: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Residential (3) : 
 Risk Rating Performing Nonperforming (4) 
 Consumer (5) : 
 Risk Rating Performing Nonperforming (6) 
 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases. 
 (2) Includes million of PPP loans 
 (3) Excludes reverse mortgages at fair value. 
 (4) Includes troubled debt restructured mortgages performing in accordance with the loans' modified terms and are accruing interest. 
 (5) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 (6) Includes troubled debt restructured home equity installment loans performing in accordance with the loans' modified terms and are accruing interest. 
 99 

Special mention Substandard or Lower Owner-occupied commercial: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Commercial mortgages: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Construction: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard or Lower Residential (3) : 
 Risk Rating Performing Nonperforming (4) 
 Consumer (5) : 
 Risk Rating Performing Nonperforming (6) 
 
 (1) Includes commercial small business leases. 
 (2) Includes million of PPP loans 
 (3) Excludes reverse mortgages at fair value. 
 (4) Includes troubled debt restructured mortgages performing in accordance with the loans' modified terms and are accruing interest. 
 (5) Includes home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured lines of credit and education loans. 
 (6) Includes troubled debt restructured home equity installment loans performing in accordance with the loans' modified terms and are accruing interest. 
 100 

Nonperforming TDRs Total TDRs 
 Approximately million and million in related reserves have been established for these loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Residential Consumer Total 
 (1) Other includes interest rate reduction, forbearance, and interest only payments. 
 
 Owner-occupied commercial Commercial mortgages Construction Residential Consumer Total (1)(2)(3) 
 
 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2022, the TDRs in the table above resulted in a million increase in the allowance for credit losses, and additional charge-offs. During the year ended December 31, 2022, TDRs defaulted that had received troubled debt modification during the past twelve months. 
 (2) During the year ended December 31, 2021 the TDRs in the table above resulted in a less than million increase in the allowance for credit losses, and additional charge-offs. During the year ended December 31, 2021, TDRs defaulted that had received troubled debt modification during the past twelve months. 
 (3) The TDRs in the table above did not occur as a result of the loan forbearance program under the CARES Act. 
 101 

Buildings Leasehold improvements Furniture and equipment Gross premises and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation Net premises and equipment 
 The Company recognized depreciation expense of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

102 

year to years, which includes renewal options that are exercised at its discretion. The Company's lease terms to calculate the lease liability and right-of-use asset include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. The lease liability and right-of-use asset is included in Other liabilities and Other assets , respectively, in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Condition. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Operating lease expense is included in Occupancy expense in the Consolidated Statement of Income. The Company accounts for lease components separately from nonlease components and subleases certain real estate to third parties. 
 Sublease income ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 (1) Includes variable lease cost and short-term lease cost. 
 Lease liabilities Lease term and discount rate of operating leases Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 103 

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities (non-cash) 
 Lessor Equipment Leasing 
 The Company provides equipment and small business lease financing through its leasing subsidiary, NewLane Finance , acquired from its Beneficial acquisition. Interest income from direct financing leases where the Company is a lessor is recognized in Interest and fees on loans and leases on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The allowance for credit losses on finance leases are included within Provision for (recovery of) credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 (Amortization)/accretion of deferred fees and costs ) ) Total direct financing lease income 
 Equipment leasing receivables relate to direct financing leases. The composition of the net investment in direct financing leases was as follows: (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Lease receivables Unearned income ) ) Deferred fees and costs Net investment in direct financing leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments 
 
 104 

goodwill impairment exists during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Goodwill adjustments December 31, 2021 Goodwill from business combinations Goodwill adjustments (1) 
 ) ) December 31, 2022 
 (1) Goodwill adjustments include the remeasurements as noted in Note 3 and Wealth Management includes the impact of the sale of the BMTIA business. 
 ASC 350 requires that an acquired intangible asset be separately recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the asset can be sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged, regardless of the acquirer s intent to do so. 
 ) years Customer relationships ) - years 
 Non-compete agreements ) year Tradename indefinite Loan servicing rights (1) 
 ) - years 
 Total intangible assets ) December 31, 2021 Core deposits ) years Customer relationships ) - years 
 Loan servicing rights (2) 
 ) - years 
 Total intangible assets ) 
 (1) Includes impairment losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Includes reversal of impairment losses of million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger on January 1, 2022, the Company recorded million of core deposit intangibles, million of customer relationships, million for the Bryn Mawr Trust tradename, million in non-compete agreements, and million of loan servicing rights. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on intangible assets recorded in connection with the BMBC Merger. 
 The Company recognized amortization expense on other intangible assets of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 105 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 Servicing Assets 
 The Company records mortgage servicing rights on its mortgage loan servicing portfolio, which includes mortgages that it acquires or originates as well as mortgages that it services for others, and servicing rights on Small Business Administration (SBA) loans. Mortgage servicing rights and SBA loan servicing rights are included are in Intangible assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Mortgage loans which the Company services for others are not included in Loans and leases, net of allowance in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Servicing rights represent the present value of the future net servicing fees from servicing mortgage loans the Company acquires or originates, or that it services for others. 
 The value of the Company's mortgage servicing rights was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the value of its SBA loan servicing rights was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In connection with the BMBC Merger, the Company acquired million of mortgage servicing rights and million of SBA loan servicing rights. Changes in the value of these servicing rights resulted in impairment losses of million during 2022 and a reversal of impairment losses of million during 2021. Revenues from originating, marketing and servicing mortgage loans as well as valuation adjustments related to capitalized mortgage servicing rights are included in Mortgage Banking Activities, Net in the Consolidated Statements of Income and revenues from the Company's SBA loan servicing rights are included in Loan fee income, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Besides the impairment on loan servicing rights noted above, there was impairment of other intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. Changing economic conditions that may adversely affect the Company's performance and could result in impairment, which could adversely affect earnings in the future. 
 
 106 

Total noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing: Interest-bearing demand Savings Money market Customer time deposits Brokered deposits Total interest-bearing Total deposits 
 The following table is a summary of the remaining time to maturity for customer time deposits: December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Certificates of deposit (not jumbo): Less than one year One year to two years Two years to three years Three years to four years Over four years Total certificates of deposit (not jumbo) Jumbo certificates of deposit (1) 
 Less than one year One year to two years Two years to three years Three years to four years Over four years Total jumbo certificates of deposit Total certificates of deposit 
 thousand from individuals, businesses and municipalities. 
 Money market Savings Time deposits Total customer interest expense Brokered deposits Total interest expense on deposits 
 
 107 

FHLB advances Trust preferred borrowings Senior and subordinated debt Other borrowed funds December 31, 2021 Federal funds purchased FHLB advances Trust preferred borrowings Senior debt Other borrowed funds 
 
 securities sold under agreements to repurchase at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 million with rates ranging from to . All FHLB advances had original maturities of less than one year. 
 Pursuant to collateral agreements with the FHLB, advances are secured by qualifying loan collateral, qualifying fixed-income securities, FHLB stock and an interest-bearing demand deposit account with the FHLB. As a member of the FHLB, the Company is required to purchase and hold shares of capital stock in the FHLB and was in compliance with this requirement with a stock investment in FHLB of million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. This stock is carried on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at cost, which approximates liquidation value. 
 The Company received dividends on its stock investment in FHLB of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For additional information regarding FHLB Stock, see Note 19. 
 
 million of aggregate principal amount of Pooled Floating Rate Securities at a variable interest rate of basis points over the three-month LIBOR rate. These securities are currently callable and have a maturity date of June 1, 2035. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, WSFS acquired Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I (Trust I) and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II (Trust II) (collectively, the Trusts), which were utilized for the sole purpose of issuing and selling capital securities representing preferred beneficial interests. Although WSFS owns an aggregate of thousand of the common securities of Trust I and Trust II, the Trusts are not consolidated into the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements as the Corporation is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these entities. Inclusive of the fair value marks, WSFS assumed junior subordinated debentures to the Trusts with a carrying value of million each, totaling million. The junior subordinated debentures incur interest at a coupon rate of as of December 31, 2022. The rate resets quarterly based on 3-month LIBOR plus . 
 108 

million of capital securities initially bearing fixed and/or fixed/floating interest rates corresponding to the debt securities held by each Trust to an unaffiliated investment vehicle and an aggregate principal amount of thousand of common securities bearing fixed and/or fixed/floating interest rates corresponding to the debt securities held by each Trust to the Company. The Company has fully and unconditionally guaranteed all of the obligations of the Trusts, including any distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the capital securities. 
 The rights of holders of common securities of the Trusts are subordinate to the rights of the holders of capital securities only in the event of a default; otherwise, the common securities economic and voting rights are pari passu with the capital securities. The capital and common securities of the Trusts are subject to mandatory redemption upon the maturity or call of the junior subordinated debentures held by each. Unless earlier dissolved, the Trusts will dissolve on December 15, 2034. The junior subordinated debentures are the sole assets of Trusts, mature on December 15, 2034, and may be called at par by the Company any time. The Company records its investments in the Trusts common securities of thousand each as investments in unconsolidated entities and records dividend income upon declaration by Trust I and Trust II. 
 
 million of senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes). The 2026 Notes had a fixed coupon rate of from issuance to but excluding June 15, 2021 and a variable coupon rate of three month LIBOR plus from June 15, 2021 until maturity. The 2026 Notes were redeemed on June 15, 2021 at of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest using cash on hand. 
 On December 3, 2020, the Company issued million of senior notes due 2030 (the 2030 Notes). The 2030 Notes mature on December 15, 2030 and have a fixed coupon rate of from issuance until December 15, 2025 and a variable coupon rate equal to the three-month term SOFR, reset quarterly, plus from December 15, 2025 until maturity. The 2030 Notes may be redeemed beginning December 15, 2025 at of principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. The remaining net proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 Notes are being used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, financing organic growth, acquisitions, repurchases of common stock, and redemption of outstanding indebtedness. The carrying value of the 2030 Notes, inclusive of deferred issuance costs, was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, the Company assumed million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes) which were issued in a private placement to institutional accredited investors on August 6, 2015. The 2025 Notes mature on August 15, 2025, and currently bear interest at a variable rate that resets quarterly to a level equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus until August 15, 2025, or any early redemption date. The interest rate of the 2025 Notes was as of December 31, 2022. The carrying value of the 2025 Notes, inclusive of purchase accounting marks, was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 In connection with the BMBC Merger, the Company assumed million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes) which were issued by BMBC in an underwritten public offering on December 13, 2017. The 2027 Notes mature on December 15, 2027, and currently bear interest at an annual fixed rate of until and including December 14, 2022, and will thereafter bear interest at a variable rate that will reset quarterly to a level equal to the then-current three-month LIBOR rate plus until December 15, 2027, or any early redemption date. The carrying value of the 2027 Notes, inclusive of purchase accounting marks, was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisting of outstanding retail repurchase agreements, contractual arrangements under which portions of certain securities are sold overnight to retail customers under agreements to repurchase. Such borrowings were collateralized by mortgage-backed securities. 
 
 million and million of loans and securities pledged to the Federal Reserve of Philadelphia (FRB) at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company did t borrow funds from the FRB during 2022 or 2021. 
 109 

of risk-weighted assets, a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets, and a current minimum total capital ratio of of risk-weighted assets and a minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of of average assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Bank was in compliance with regulatory capital requirements and exceeded the levels necessary for the Bank to be considered well capitalized as defined in the regulations. 
 WSFS Financial Corporation Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation Tier 1 Leverage Capital Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 (to risk-weighted assets) 
 Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation Tier 1 Leverage Capital Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB WSFS Financial Corporation 
 The Holding Company 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's capital structure includes one class of stock, par common stock outstanding with each share having equal voting rights. 
 In 2005, the Trust issued Pooled Floating Rate Securities at a variable interest rate of basis points over the three-month LIBOR rate with a scheduled maturity of June 1, 2035. The par value of these securities is million and the aggregate principal is million. The proceeds from the issue were invested in Junior Subordinated Debentures issued by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the coupon rate of the Trust securities was . The effective rate will vary due to fluctuations in interest rates. 
 110 

thousand of the common securities of Trust I and Trust II, the Trusts are not consolidated into the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements as the Corporation is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these entities. Inclusive of the fair value marks, WSFS assumed junior subordinated debentures to the Trusts with a carrying value of million each, totaling million. The junior subordinated debentures incur interest at a coupon rate of as of December 31, 2022. The rate resets quarterly based on 3-month LIBOR plus . 
 These securities are treated as borrowings with interest included in Interest on trust preferred borrowings on the Consolidated Statements of Income and included in Trust preferred borrowings in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 The Trust preferred borrowings issued in 2005 and acquired through the BMBC Merger qualify as Tier 2 capital. The Trust preferred borrowings issued in 2005 were previously Tier 1 capital, but migrated to Tier 2 capital following the BMBC Merger and impacts of 12 C.F.R. 217.300(c)(2)(i). The Bank is prohibited from paying any dividend or making any other capital distribution if, after making the distribution, the Bank would be under-capitalized within the meaning of the Prompt Corrective Action regulations. 
 At December 31, 2022, million in cash remains at the holding company to support the parent company s needs. 
 
 Pursuant to federal laws and regulations, the Company's ability to engage in transactions with affiliated corporations, including the loan of funds to, or guarantee of the indebtedness of, an affiliate, is limited. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased common shares at an average price of per share as part of its share buy-back program approved by the Board of Directors. The program is consistent with the Company's intent to return a minimum of of annual core net income to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases while maintaining capital ratios in excess of regulatory minimums, and in the case of the Bank, the well-capitalized benchmarks. 
 111 

million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 All contributions are invested in accordance with the Associates selection of investments. If Associates do not designate how discretionary contributions are to be invested, is invested in target-date fund that corresponds with the participant s age. Associates may generally make transfers to various other investment vehicles within the plan. The plan s yearly activity includes net sales of , and shares of the Company's common stock in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. There were purchases in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Postretirement Medical Benefits 
 The Company shares certain costs of providing health and life insurance benefits to eligible retired Associates (employees) and their eligible dependents. Previously, all Associates were eligible for these benefits if they reached normal retirement age while working for the Company. Effective March 31, 2014, the Company changed the eligibility of this plan to include only those Associates who have achieved of service as of March 31, 2014. The Company uses the mortality table issued by the Office of the Actuary of the U.S. Bureau of Census in its calculation. 
 The Company accounts for its obligations under the provisions of ASC 715, Compensation - Retirement Benefits (ASC 715). ASC 715 requires that the Company recognized the costs of these benefits over an Associate's active working career. Amortization of unrecognized net gains or losses resulting from experience different from that assumed and from changes in assumptions is included as a component of net periodic benefit cost over the remaining service period of active employees to the extent that such gains and losses exceed of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, as of the beginning of the year. The Company recognizes its service cost in Salaries, benefits and other compensation and the other components of net periodic benefit cost in Other operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 ASC 715 requires that the Company recognizes the funded status of its defined benefit postretirement plan in the statement of financial condition, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax. The adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at adoption represented the net unrecognized actuarial losses and unrecognized transition obligation remaining from the initial adoption of ASC 715, all of which were previously netted against the plan s funded status in the statement of financial condition pursuant to the provisions of ASC 715. These amounts will be subsequently recognized as net periodic pension costs pursuant to the Company's historical accounting policy for amortizing such amounts. Further, actuarial gains and losses that arise in subsequent periods, and are not recognized as net periodic pension cost in the same periods, will be recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss). Those amounts will be subsequently recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost on the same basis as the amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at adoption of ASC 715. 
 
 112 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Employer contributions Benefits paid ) ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Unfunded status ) ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (1) : 
 Net prior service credit Net gain Net amount recognized Components of net periodic (benefit) cost: Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service cost ) ) ) Net gain recognition ) ) ) Net periodic (benefit) cost ) Assumption used to determine net periodic benefit cost: Discount rate Assumption used to value the Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation (APBO): Discount rate 
 (1) Before tax effects 
 Estimated future benefit payments: 
 During 2024 During 2025 During 2026 During 2027 During 2028 through 2032 
 The Company assumes medical benefits will increase at an average rate of less than per annum. The costs incurred for retirees health care are limited since certain current and all future retirees are restricted to an annual medical premium cap indexed (since 1995) by the lesser of or the actual increase in medical premiums paid by us. For 2022, this annual premium cap amounted to per retiree. The Company estimates that it will contribute approximately per retiree to the plan during fiscal 2023. 
 113 

million to the plan to settle the obligation during the three months ended June 30, 2020. 
 Interest cost Settlements ) Actuarial loss Benefit obligation at end of period Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Settlements ) Fair value of plan assets at end of period Funded status Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (1) : 
 Net loss Components of net periodic cost: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) Plan settlement loss Net periodic cost 
 (1) Before tax effects 
 114 

Service cost Interest cost Plan participants' contributions Amendments ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on Plan Assets ) Employer contribution Participants' contributions Settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Administrative expenses ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded (unfunded) status ) ) Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (1) : 
 Net loss (gain) ) Components of net periodic (benefit) cost: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Net loss (gain) recognition ) Net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) 
 (1) Before tax effects 
 115 

Expected return on plan assets Discount rate for disclosure obligations Beneficial Bank Other Postretirement Discount rate for net periodic benefit cost Discount rate for disclosure obligations FMS Other Postretirement Discount rate for net periodic benefit cost Discount rate for disclosure obligations Split-Dollar Plan Discount rate for net periodic benefit cost Discount rate for disclosure obligations 
 Estimated future benefit payments: 
 During 2024 During 2025 During 2026 During 2027 During 2028 through 2032 
 116 

International Global Managed Volatility U.S. Managed Volatility Fixed Income U.S. Government Agencies Pooled separate accounts Accrued Income Total 
 Category Used for Fair Value Measurement December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Percent Assets: Mutual Funds: Large cap Mid cap Small cap International Global Managed Volatility U.S. Managed Volatility Fixed Income U.S. Government Agencies Accrued Income Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, pension and postretirement plan assets were comprised of investments in equity mutual funds, fixed income mutual funds, and pooled separate accounts. The Bank s consolidated pension plan investment policy pro vides that assets are to be managed over a long-term investment horizon to ensure that the chances and duration of investment losses are carefully weighed against the long-term potential for asset appreciation. The primary objective of managing a plan s assets is to improve the plan s funded status. A secondary financial objective is, where possible, to minimize pension expense volatility. The Company s pension plan allocates assets based on the plan s funded status to risk management and return enhancement asset classes. The risk management class is comprised of a long duration fixed income fund while the return enhancement class consists of equity and other fixed income funds. Asset allocation ranges are generally to for risk management and to for return enhancement when the funded status is less than , and to in risk management and to for return enhancement when the funded status reaches , subject to the discretion of the Company. Also, a small portion is maintained in cash reserves when appropriate. 
 The Company has additional plans which are no longer being provided to current Associates: (1) a Supplemental Pension Plan with a corresponding liability of million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively; (2) an Early Retirement Window Plan with a corresponding liability of million for both December 31, 2022 and 2021; (3) a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan with a corresponding liability of million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and; (4) a Post-Retirement Medical Plan with a corresponding liability of million for both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 117 

State and local taxes Deferred income taxes: Federal taxes ) ) State and local taxes Total 
 Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 Purchase accounting adjustments loans Reserves and other accruals Investments Net operating losses Derivatives Employee benefit plans Lease liabilities Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities Other (1) 
 Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Legal settlement ) Accelerated depreciation ) ) Right of use assets ) ) Deferred loan costs ) ) Intangibles ) ) Other (2) 
 ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 (1) Other deferred tax assets includes deferred gains and tax credits in 2022 and 2021, and reverse mortgages in 2022. 
 (2) Other deferred tax liabilities includes derivatives and partnership investments in 2022 and 2021, and reverse mortgages in 2021. 
 Included in the table above are deferred taxes recorded in accumulated OCI. At December 31, 2022, such items consisted primarily of deferred tax assets of million of unrealized losses on certain investments in debt securities accounted for under ASC 320 and million of unrealized losses related to postretirement benefit obligations accounted for under ASC 715. At December 31, 2021, the deferred tax assets consisted primarily of million of unrealized gains on certain investments in debt securities and million of unrealized losses related to postretirement benefit obligations. 
 118 

t, be sufficient to realize a net deferred tax asset of million at December 31, 2022. The Company reduces the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. The need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed quarterly. In assessing the requirement for, and amount of, a valuation allowance in accordance with the more likely than not standard for all periods, the Company considers all positive and negative evidence related to the realization of the deferred tax assets. This assessment considers, among other matters, the generation of future profitability, the reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies. 
 The Company has million of remaining Federal NOLs. Such NOLs expire beginning in 2030 and, due to Internal Revenue Service (IRS) limitations, million are being utilized each year. Accordingly, the Company fully expects to utilize all of these NOLs. The Company has no state NOLs. Finally, the Company has million of alternative minimum tax credits that have no expiration date and are fully expected to be utilized. 
 State tax, net of federal tax benefit Adjustment to net deferred tax asset for enacted changes in tax laws and rates ) Tax-exempt interest ) ) ) Bank-owned life insurance income ) ) Excess tax benefits from share-based compensation ) Nondeductible acquisition costs Federal tax credits, net of amortization ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation Nondeductible goodwill Other ) ) Effective tax rate 
 Section 2303(b) of the CARES act provides the Company with an opportunity to carry back net operating losses (NOLs) arising from 2018, 2019 and 2020 to the prior five tax years. The Company has such NOLs reflected on its balance sheet as a portion of its current tax receivables, which were previously valued at the federal corporate income tax rate of 21 . However, the provisions of the CARES Act provide for NOL carryback claims to be calculated based on a rate of 35 , which was the federal corporate tax rate in effect for the carryback years. Consequently, effective March 31, 2020, the Company has revalued the benefit from its NOLs to reflect a 35 tax rate, which resulted in the recognition of an additional million income tax benefit and deferred tax asset on the Company's Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. 
 ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Benefits from tax positions are recognized in the financial statements only when it is more-likely-than-not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authority that would have full knowledge of all relevant information. A tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are recognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are derecognized in the first subsequent financial reporting period in which that threshold is no longer met. ASC 740 also provides guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of unrecognized tax benefits, interest and penalties. 
 There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022. The Company records interest and penalties on potential income tax deficiencies as income tax expense. The Company's federal and state tax returns for the 2019 through 2022 tax years are subject to examination as of December 31, 2022. No federal or state income tax return examinations are currently in process. The Company does t expect to record or realize any material unrecognized tax benefits during 2023. 
 119 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million and million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 The amount of affordable housing tax credits, amortization and tax benefits recorded as income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 were million, million and million respectively. The carrying value of the investment in affordable housing credits is million December 31, 2022, compared to million December 31, 2021. 

120 

. In addition, in connection with the BMBC Merger, an additional shares were transferred into the 2018 Plan from the Bryn Mawr Incentive Plan and the Bryn Mawr Retainer Plan, which were assumed by the Company. At December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grants under the 2018 Plan. Generally, all time-based awards become fully vested and outstanding stock options and stock appreciation rights become exercisable immediately in the event of a change in control, as defined in the plans. 
 During February 2022, the Board of Directors and the Personnel and Compensation Committee (the Committee) approved the Executive Leadership Team Incentive Plan (ELTIP), which provides for new cash and equity awards designed to recognize the rewards and efforts of the Company's executive leadership team for the Company's achievement of certain key measures of short-term success and the value of such success to the Company's longer-term performance. Awards under the ELTIP include short-term incentive (STI) cash bonus awards and long-term incentive (LTI) awards of RSUs and PSUs that will be issued under the Company's 2018 Incentive Plan. LTI awards under the ELTIP will be awarded to the CEO and Executive Vice Presidents that directly report to the Chairman, CEO and President in the form of RSUs that vest in equal annual installments over a service period, and PSUs that vest based on a service condition defined as the achievement of a service period and a performance condition based on the Company's cumulative core ROA performance over a period relative to the KBW Nasdaq Regional Bank Index (the KRX Index) for the same period. 
 Total stock-based compensation expense recognized was million million after tax) for 2022, million million after tax) for 2021, and million million after tax) for 2020. As part of the expense calculation, the Company has elected to recognize forfeitures as they occur. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards granted to Associates is recorded in Salaries, benefits and other compensation ; expense related to awards granted to directors is recorded in Other operating expense in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price not less than the fair market value of the Company's common stock on the date of the grant. stock options were granted during 2022. All stock options granted during 2021 and 2020 vest in per annum increments, start to become exercisable in April of the year following the year of grant, and expire between five and from the grant date. New shares are issued upon the exercise of options. 
 The Company determines the grant date fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The model requires the use of numerous assumptions, many of which are subjective. Significant assumptions used to determine 2021 and 2020 grant date fair value included expected term, which was derived from historical exercise patterns and represents the amount of time that stock options granted are expected to be outstanding; volatility, measured using the fluctuation in month end closing stock prices over a period which corresponds with the average expected option life; a weighted-average risk-free rate of return (zero coupon treasury yield); and a dividend yield indicative of the Company's current dividend rate. 
 Volatility Weighted-average risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 121 

Less: Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at end of year Nonvested at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 The weighted-average fair value of options granted was in 2021 and in 2020. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Less: Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at end of period 
 The total amount of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options as of December 31, 2022 was million. The weighted-average period over which the expense is expected to be recognized is years. During 2022, the Company recognized million of compensation expense related to these awards. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 RSUs are granted at no cost to the recipient and generally vest over a period, with the exception of RSUs from the ELTIP which vest over a period. All outstanding awards granted to senior executives vest over no less than a period. The 2013 and 2018 Plans allow for awards with vesting periods less than , subject to Board approval. The fair value of RSUs is equal to the fair value of the common stock on the date of grant. The expense related to RSUs granted to Associates is recognized in Salaries, benefits and other compensation and granted to directors in Other operating expense on an accrual basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. When restricted stock is awarded to individuals from whom the Company may not receive services in the future, the expense is recognized when the award is granted, instead of amortizing the expense over the vesting period of the award. 
 The weighted-average fair value of RSUs granted was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. The total amount of compensation cost to be recognized relating to nonvested restricted stock units as of December 31, 2022 was million. The weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is years. During 2022, the Company recognized million of compensation cost related to these awards. 
 122 

Plus: Granted Less: Vested ) Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of RSUs that vested was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 PSUs are granted at no cost to the recipient and vest based on both service and performance conditions. The service condition is defined as the achievement of a three-year service period between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2024. The service condition can be waived at the discretion of the Committee. The performance condition is based on the Company's cumulative core ROA performance over a three-year period relative to the KRX Index for the same period. The actual number of shares that will vest at the end of the three-year period will be based on the core ROA performance over the three-year period relative to the KRX Index. If such performance is at the 25th percentile, 50th percentile, 75th percentile and 100th percentile, grantees will receive , , , and of their maximum award grant, respectively. The fair value of PSUs is equal to the fair value of the common stock on the date of grant. The expense related to PSUs granted to Associates is recognized in Salaries, benefits and other compensation on an accrual basis over the requisite service period if the performance condition is probable and the service condition is met. 
 The weighted-average fair value of PSUs granted was in 2022. The total amount of compensation cost to be recognized relating to nonvested performance stock units (based on current performance estimates) was million as of December 31, 2022. The weighted-average period over which the cost is expected to be recognized is years. During 2022, the Company recognized million of compensation cost related to these awards. 
 Plus: Granted Less: Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 Integration Performance RSU Plan : In February 2019, the Board of Directors approved the Integration Performance RSU Plan the Integration Plan ), in which certain senior executives were granted awards based on the achievement of defined goals measuring the success of the integration of Beneficial and execution of the Company's strategic goals over the period ending 2023. The Plan provided for a performance achievement period beginning in 2021 and ending in 2023. In February 2022, the Integration Plan was terminated. In connection with the termination of the Integration Plan, the portion of the related Integration Performance-Based RSU Awards (the Integration Awards) attributable to core ROA was terminated, the Gallup Q12 performance goal was met, and the Committee exercised its discretion under the Integration Plan to deem the Gallup CE3 performance goal met. Thus, of the restricted stock units subject to the Integration Awards will performance vest and become subject to service-based vesting conditions. 
 Beneficial Acquisition Success Plan: On December 10, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the Beneficial Acquisition Success Plan (the Success Plan), which was designed to recognize and reward the Company s achievement of certain key measures of near-term success related to Beneficial and the efforts of the Company s senior leaders and the value of such success to the Company s longer term performance. The key measures of success related to Beneficial include acquisition economics, one-time acquisition costs, banking location integration and optimization, customer deposit retention, and cost synergies. Awards under the Success Plan were awarded as RSUs vesting in equal annual installments over . The Company granted RSUs under the Success Plan on December 10, 2020. During 2022, the Company recognized million of compensation expense related to these awards. 
 Awards from the Integration Plan and the Success Plan were issued under the Company s 2018 Incentive Plan. 
 123 

Commercial mortgage loan commitments Commercial loan commitments Owner-occupied commercial commitments Commercial standby letters of credit Residential loan commitments Consumer loan commitments Total 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had total commitments to extend credit of billion. Commitments for consumer lines of credit were billion of which, million were secured by real estate. Residential loan commitments generally have closing dates within a period but can be extended to . Not reflected in the table above are commitments to sell residential loans of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Commitments provide for financing on predetermined terms as long as the customer continues to meet specific criteria. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being completely drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The Company evaluates each customer s creditworthiness and obtain collateral based on its credit evaluation of the counterparty. 
 Secondary Market Loan Sales 
 The Company typically sells newly originated residential loans in the secondary market to mortgage loan aggregators and on a more limited basis, to GSEs, such as FHLMC, FNMA, and the FHLB. Loans held for sale are reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition at their fair value with changes in the value reflected in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Gains and losses are recognized at the time of sale. The Company periodically retains the servicing rights on residential loans sold which results in monthly service fee income. The mortgage servicing rights are included in Intangible assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition. Otherwise, the Company sells loans with servicing released on a nonrecourse basis. Rate-locked loan commitments that the Company intends to sell in the secondary market are accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815). 
 The Company does not sell loans with recourse, except for standard loan sale contract provisions covering violations of representations and warranties and, under certain circumstances, early payment default by the borrower. These are customary repurchase provisions in the secondary market for residential loan sales. These provisions may include either an indemnification from loss or the repurchase of loans. Repurchases and losses have been rare and provision is made for losses at the time of sale. There were repurchases for million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and repurchases during the same period in 2021. 
 124 

million and million, respectively. A provision expense for unfunded lending commitments of million was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, and a provision release for unfunded lending commitments of million was recognized during year ended December 31, 2021. 
 125 

FNMA MBS FHLMC MBS GNMA MBS GSE agency notes Other assets Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Other liabilities Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: Other investments Other real estate owned Loans held for sale Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 126 

FNMA MBS FHLMC MBS GNMA MBS GSE agency notes Other assets Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis Liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Other liabilities Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: Other investments Other real estate owned Loans held for sale Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 Fair value is based on quoted market prices, where available. If such quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based on internally developed models or obtained from third parties that primarily use, as inputs, observable market-based parameters. Valuation adjustments may be made to ensure that financial instruments are recorded at fair value. These adjustments may include unobservable parameters. The Company's valuation methodologies may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. While the Company believes its valuation methodologies are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date. 
 Available-for-sale securities 
 Securities classified as available-for-sale are reported at fair value using Level 2 inputs. The Company believes that this Level 2 designation is appropriate under ASC 820-10, as these securities are GSEs and GNMA securities with almost all fixed income securities, none are exchange traded, and all are priced by correlation to observed market data. For these securities the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, U.S. government and agency yield curves, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information, and the security s terms and conditions, among other factors. 
 Other investments 
 Other investments includes equity investments without readily determinable fair values and equity method investments, which are categorized as Level 3. The Company s equity investments without readily determinable fair values are held at cost, and are adjusted for any observable transactions during the reporting period and its equity method investments are initially recorded at cost based on the Company s percentage ownership in the investee, and are adjusted to reflect the recognition of the Company s proportionate share of income or loss of the investee based on the investee s earnings. 
 Other real estate owned 
 Other real estate owned consists of loan collateral which has been repossessed through foreclosure or other measures. Initially, foreclosed assets are recorded at the fair value of the collateral less estimated selling costs. Subsequent to foreclosure, valuations are updated periodically and the assets may be marked down further, reflecting a new cost basis. The fair value of other real estate owned was estimated using Level 3 inputs based on appraisals obtained from third parties. 
 Loans held for sale 
 The fair value of loans held for sale is based on estimates using Level 2 inputs. These inputs are based on pricing information obtained from wholesale mortgage banks and brokers and applied to loans with similar interest rates and maturities. 
 127 

128 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and standby letters of credit, approximates the recorded net deferred fee amounts. Because letters of credit are generally not assignable by either the Company or the borrower, they only have value to the Company and the borrower. In determining the fair value of the swap guarantees, the Company assesses the underlying credit risk exposure for each borrower in a paying position to the third-party financial institution. 
 Accrued interest payable 
 The carrying amounts of interest payable approximate fair value. 
 Other liabilities 
 Other liabilities include the fair value of interest rate products, derivatives on the residential mortgage held for sale loan pipeline, foreign exchange forward contracts, risk participation agreements, and derivative related to the sale of certain Visa Class B common shares (see discussion in Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities section above). 
 129 

Observed market comparable transactions Period of observed transactions May 2022 
 Other real estate owned Fair market value of collateral Costs to sell 
 Other assets (Risk participation agreements purchased) Credit Value Adjustment CDS Spread and Loss Given Default (LGD) CDS spread: - bps bps) 
 LGD: - 
 Other liabilities (Risk participation agreements sold) Credit Value Adjustment CDS Spread and Loss Given Default (LGD) CDS spread: - bps bps) 
 LGD: 
 Other liabilities Discounted cash flow Timing of Visa litigation resolution - years years or 4Q 2025) 
 
 Investment securities, available for sale Level 2 Investment securities, held to maturity, net Level 2 Other investments Level 3 Loans, held for sale Level 2 Loans and leases, net (1) 
 Level 3 Stock in FHLB of Pittsburgh Level 2 Accrued interest receivable Level 2 Other assets Levels 2, 3 Financial liabilities: Deposits Level 2 Borrowed funds Level 2 Standby letters of credit Level 3 Accrued interest payable Level 2 Other liabilities Levels 2, 3 
 (1) Includes reverse mortgage loans. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had commitments to extend credit measured at fair value. 
 130 

Other assets Interest rate products Other liabilities ) Interest rate lock commitments with customers Other assets Interest rate lock commitments with customers Other liabilities ) Forward sale commitments Other assets Forward sale commitments Other liabilities ) FX forwards Other assets FX forwards Other liabilities ) Risk participation agreements sold Other liabilities ) Risk participation agreements purchased Other assets Financial derivative related to sales of certain Visa Class B shares Other liabilities ) Total derivatives ) 
 The table below presents the fair value of derivative financial instruments as well as their location on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition as of December 31, 2021. 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments (Dollars in thousands) Notional Balance Sheet Location Derivatives (Fair Value) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate products Other assets Interest rate products Other liabilities ) Interest rate lock commitments with customers Other assets Interest rate lock commitments with customers Other liabilities ) Forward sale commitments Other assets Forward sale commitments Other liabilities ) Risk participation agreements Other liabilities ) Financial derivative related to sales of certain Visa Class B shares Other liabilities ) Total derivatives ) 
 131 

interest rate derivatives that were designated as cash flow hedges for a net gain of million, recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Hedge accounting was discontinued, and the net gain in accumulated comprehensive income (loss) is reclassified into earnings when the transaction affects earnings. As the underlying hedged transaction continues to be probable, the million net gain will be recognized into earnings on a straight-line basis over each derivative's original contract term. During the next twelve months, the Company estimates that million will be reclassified as an increase to interest income. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million was reclassified into interest income compared to million during the same period in 2021. 
 Interest income Total 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 
 Customer Derivatives Interest Rate Swaps 
 The Company enters into interest rate swaps with commercial loan customers wishing to manage interest rate risk. The Company then enters into corresponding swap agreements with swap dealer counterparties to economically hedge the exposure arising from these contracts. The interest rate swaps with both the customers and third parties are not designated as hedges under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (ASC 815) and are marked to market through earnings. As the interest rate swaps are structured to offset each other, changes to the underlying benchmark interest rates considered in the valuation of these instruments do not result in an impact to earnings; however, there may be fair value adjustments related to credit quality variations between counterparties, which may impact earnings as required by ASC 820. As of December 31, 2022, there were no fair value adjustments related to credit quality. 
 Derivative Financial Instruments from Mortgage Banking Activities 
 Derivative financial instruments related to mortgage banking activities are recorded at fair value and are not designated as accounting hedges. This includes commitments to originate certain fixed-rate residential loans to customers, also referred to as interest rate lock commitments. The Company may also enter into forward sale commitments to sell loans to investors at a fixed price at a future date and trade asset-backed securities to mitigate interest rate risk.) ) Mortgage banking activities, net Forward Sale Commitments ) Mortgage banking activities, net Total ) ) 
 132 

unrelated financial institution whereby that financial institution entered into interest rate derivative contracts (interest rate swap transactions) directly with customers referred to them by the Company. Under the terms of the agreements, those financial institutions have recourse to us for any exposure created under each swap transaction, only in the event that the customer defaults on the swap agreement and the agreement is in a paying position to the third-party financial institution. This is a customary arrangement that allows us to provide access to interest rate swap transactions for our customers without creating the swap ourselves. These swap guarantees are accounted for as credit derivatives. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and variable-rate to fixed-rate swap transactions between the third-party financial institutions and the Company's customers, respectively. The initial notional aggregate amount was approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022, the swap transactions remaining maturities ranged from under year to years. At December 31, 2022, of these customer swaps were in a paying position to third parties, with our swap guarantees having a fair value of million. At December 31, 2021, of these customer swaps were in a paying position to third parties for million, with the Company's swap guarantees having a fair value of million. However, for both periods, none of the Company's customers were in default of the swap agreements. 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has agreements with certain derivative counterparties that contain a provision under which, if it defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The Company also has agreements with certain derivative counterparties that contain a provision where if it fails to maintain its status as a well-capitalized or adequately capitalized institution, then the counterparty could terminate the derivative positions and the Company would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements. 
 The Company has minimum collateral posting thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties, and has posted collateral of million in cash against its obligations under these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at December 31, 2022, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at the termination value. 

133 

Table of Contents 

 million require review and approval by the Board of Directors. There was related party loan exceeding million originated during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to related party loans exceeding million originated and sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 million and repayments were million. The outstanding balances of loans to related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Total deposits from related parties at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million. 
 134 

segments: WSFS Bank, Cash Connect , and Wealth Management. 
 The WSFS Bank segment provides financial products to commercial and consumer customers. Consumer and Commercial Banking, Commercial Real Estate Lending and other banking business units are operating departments of WSFS Bank. These departments share the same regulators, the same market, many of the same customers and provide similar products and services through the general infrastructure of the Bank. Accordingly, these departments are not considered discrete segments and are appropriately aggregated in the WSFS Bank segment. 
 The Company's Cash Connect segment provides ATM vault cash, smart safe and other cash logistics services through strategic partnerships with several of the largest networks, manufacturers and service providers in the ATM industry. Cash Connect services non-bank and WSFS-branded ATMs and smart safes nationwide. The balance sheet category Cash in non-owned ATMs includes cash from which fee income is earned through bailment arrangements with customers of Cash Connect . 
 The Wealth Management segment provides a broad array of planning and advisory services, investment management, trust services, and credit and deposit products to individual, corporate, and institutional clients through multiple integrated businesses. Bryn Mawr Trust is our predominant Private Wealth Management brand, providing advisory, investment management and trustee services to institutions, affluent and high-net-worth individuals. The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware, formed by the merger of BMT-DE and Christiana Trust DE on April 1, 2022, provides personal trust and fiduciary services to families and individuals across the U.S. and internationally. WSFS Institutional Services provides trustee, agency, bankruptcy administration, custodial and commercial domicile services to institutional, corporate clients and special purpose vehicles. Private Wealth Management serves high-net-worth clients and institutions by providing trustee and advisory services, financial planning, customized investment strategies, brokerage products such as annuities and traditional banking services such as credit and deposit products tailored to its clientele. Private Wealth Management includes businesses that operate under the bank s charter, through a broker/dealer and as a registered investment advisor (RIA). It generates revenue through fee-only arrangements, net interest income and other fee-only services such as estate administration, trust tax planning and custody. Powdermill is a multi-family office specializing in providing independent solutions to high-net-worth individuals, families and corporate executives through a coordinated, centralized approach. BMTIA was a full-service insurance agency, through which the Bank offered insurance and related products and services to its customer base. This included casualty, property and allied insurance lines, as well as life insurance, annuities, medical insurance and accident and health insurance for groups and individuals. The BMTIA business was sold to Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC in June 2022. 
 
 135 

Noninterest income Total external customer revenues Inter-segment revenues: Interest income Noninterest income Total inter-segment revenues Total revenue External customer expenses: Interest expense Noninterest expenses Provision for credit losses Total external customer expenses Inter-segment expenses Interest expense Noninterest expenses Total inter-segment expenses Total expenses Income before taxes Income tax provision Consolidated net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to WSFS Supplemental Information Capital expenditures for the period ended 
 136 

Noninterest income Total external customer revenues Inter-segment revenues: Interest income Noninterest income Total inter-segment revenues Total revenue External customer expenses: Interest expense Noninterest expenses Recovery of credit losses ) ) ) Total external customer expenses Inter-segment expenses Interest expense Noninterest expenses Total inter-segment expenses Total expenses Income before taxes Income tax provision Consolidated net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to WSFS Supplemental Information Capital expenditures for the period ended 
 137 

Noninterest income Total external customer revenues Inter-segment revenues: Interest income Noninterest income Total inter-segment revenues Total revenue External customer expenses: Interest expense Noninterest expenses Provision for credit losses Total external customer expenses Inter-segment expenses Interest expense Noninterest expenses Total inter-segment expenses Total expenses Income before taxes Income tax provision Consolidated net income Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) Net income attributable to WSFS Supplemental Information Capital expenditures for the period ended 

The following table shows significant components of segment net assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) WSFS Bank Cash 
 Connect 
 Wealth Management Total WSFS Bank Cash 
 Connect 
 Wealth Management Total Cash and cash equivalents Goodwill Other segment assets Total segment assets 

138 

Realized loss on sale of equity investment ) Unrealized gains (losses) on equity investments, net ) Other noninterest income Expense: Interest expense Other operating expense Income (loss) before equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) Equity in undistributed (loss) income of subsidiaries ) ) Income before taxes Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income attributable to WSFS 
 
 Investment in subsidiaries Investment in Trusts (1) 
 Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Trust preferred borrowings Senior and subordinated debt Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock Capital in excess of par value Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Treasury stock ) ) Total stockholders equity of WSFS Total liabilities and stockholders equity of WSFS 
 (1) Includes WSFS Capital Trust III, Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I, and Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II. 
 139 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities: Equity in undistributed loss (income) of subsidiaries ) Realized loss on sale of equity investments Unrealized (gains) losses on equity investments ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities ) Investing activities: Net cash for business combinations Net cash provided by investing activities Financing activities: Issuance of common stock and exercise of common stock options Issuance of senior debt Redemption of senior debt ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net cash used for financing activities ) ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 
 140 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications (2) 
 ) ) ) Less: Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Cash flow hedges were terminated as of April 1, 2020. 
 (2) Includes million, net of tax, of unrealized losses on transferred investment securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. 
 141 

) ) Securities gains, net Income taxes Income tax provision Net of tax ) ) Net unrealized holding gains on securities transferred between available-for-sale and held-to-maturity: Amortization of net unrealized gains to income during the period ) ) Interest and dividends on 
 investment securities 
 Income taxes ) Income tax provision Net of tax ) ) Amortization of defined benefit pension plan-related items: Prior service (credits) costs ) ) ) Actuarial gains ) ) Total before tax ) ) ) Salaries, benefits and 
 other compensation 
 Income taxes Income tax provision Net of tax ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plan settlement: Realized losses on plan settlement Other operating expense Income taxes ) Income tax provision Net of tax Net unrealized gains on terminated cash flow hedges: Amortization of net unrealized gains to income during the period ) ) ) Interest and fees on loans and leases Income taxes Income tax provision Net of tax ) ) ) Total reclassifications ) ) 

142 

Table of Contents 

 material changes or additions to other significant pending legal or other proceedings involving the Company other than those arising out of routine operations. 
 
 million of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes) acquired from Bryn Mawr Trust. The 2025 Notes were redeemed at a price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of redemption. 
 143 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 144 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 To Our Stockholders: 
 Management of WSFS Financial Corporation (the Corporation) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Corporation s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Corporation s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the Corporation s Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the effectiveness of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their reports, which are included herein. 
 /s/ Rodger Levenson /s/ Dominic C. Canuso Rodger Levenson Dominic C. Canuso Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 February 28, 2023 

145 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 WSFS Financial Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited WSFS Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of financial condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 
 
 146 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the headings Corporate Governance Biographies of Director Nominees, Corporate Governance Other Continuing Directors, Executive Compensation Executive Leadership Team, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, "Executive Compensation Executive Compensation Policies," Corporate Governance-Committees and "Board Structure and Roles" in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Proxy Statement). 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.wsfsbank.com . 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the headings Executive Compensation Discussion and Analysis and Corporate Governance Compensation of our Board of Directors in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the headings Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of the Proxy Statement. 
 Changes in Control 
 We know of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person of our securities, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Company s equity compensation plans is included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10 K under Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the heading Transactions with Related Parties and Our Director Nomination and Selection Process Independence in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from the discussion responsive thereto under the heading Audit Matters Audit Services in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 147 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Listed below are all financial statements and exhibits filed as part of this report, and which are herein incorporated by reference. 1 The Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition of WSFS Financial Corporation and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related Consolidated Statements of Income, Comprehensive Income, Changes in Stockholders Equity and Cash Flows for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31, 2022, together with the related notes and the report of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 2 Schedules omitted as they are not applicable. 
 The following exhibits are incorporated by reference herein or annexed to this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 9, 2021, by and between WSFS Financial Corporation and Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2021 
 3.1 Registrant s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of WSFS Financial Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2023. 
 4.1 Description of Common Stock of WSFS Financial Corporation is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 4.2 Senior Debt Indenture, dated as of August 27, 2012, by and between WSFS Financial Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on August 27, 2012. 
 4.3 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 8, 2020, by and between WSFS Financial Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2020. 
 4.4 Form of 2.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due 2030 is incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2020. 
 4.5 Indenture, dated August 6, 2015, by and between Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2015. 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022 by and among WSFS Financial Corporation, Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. + 
 4.7 Forms of 4.75 Subordinated Note due 2025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 7, 2015. 
 4.8 Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017 between Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2017. 
 4.9 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017 between Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2017. 
 4.10 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022 by and among WSFS Financial Corporation, Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. + 
 4.11 Form of 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due December 15, 2027 , incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the First Supplemental Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2017. 
 4.12 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security Due December 15, 2034 issued by Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. to JPMorgan Chase Bank, as institutional trustee, dated October 27, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2004. 
 4.13 Form of Junior Subordinated Debt Security Due December 15, 2034 issued by Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. to JPMorgan Chase Bank, as institutional trustee, dated October 27, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2004. 
 4.14 Indenture, dated October 27, 2004 by and between Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2004. 
 
 148 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description of Document 4.15 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and among WSFS Financial Corporation, Bryn Mawr Bank Company, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as trustee. + 
 4.16 Indenture by and between Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as trustee, dated October 27, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2004. 
 4.17 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022, by and among WSFS Financial Corporation, Bryn Mawr Bank Company, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, as trustee. + 
 4.18 Guarantee Agreement by and between Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as guarantee trustee, dated October 27, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2004. 
 4.19 Guarantee Agreement by and between Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, as guarantee trustee, October 27, 2004, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc.'s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 1, 2004. 
 10.1 WSFS Financial Corporation Severance Policy for Executive Vice Presidents dated February 28, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 10.2 Amendment to the WSFS Financial Corporation Severance Policy for Executive Vice Presidents dated December 31, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008. 
 10.3 Amendment to the WSFS Financial Corporation Executive Severance Policy for Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice Presidents dated December 10, 2020. 
 10.4 WSFS Financial Corporation s 2013 Incentive Plan is incorporated herein by reference to appendix A of the Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14-A for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 10.5 WSFS Financial Corporation's 2018 Incentive Plan, as amended on March 23, 2021, is incorporated herein by reference to the Appendix of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14-A for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 10.6 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 8 , 20 21 , by and between WSFS Financial Corporation and Francis J. Leto , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on J a nuary 3 , 20 22 . 
 10.7 Supplemental Pension and Retirement Plan of Beneficial Bank, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2019. 
 10.8 Beneficial Bank Stock-Based Deferral Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2019. 
 10.9 Amended and Restated Beneficial Bank Elective Deferred Compensation Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2019. 
 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant+ 
 23 Consent of KPMG LLP+ 
 31.1 Certification of CEO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 31.2 Certification of CFO pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002+ 
 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 104 The cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on February 28, 2023 is formatted in Inline XBRL. 
 
 + Filed herewith 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any document so furnished. 
 149 

Submitted as Exhibits 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are documents formatted in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language). Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability. 
 Exhibits 10.1 through 10.5 represent management contracts or compensatory plan arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 
 150 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Rodger Levenson Rodger Levenson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

151 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Rodger Levenson Rodger Levenson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Anat Bird Anat Bird Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Francis B. Brake Francis B. Brake Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Karen Dougherty Buchholz Karen Dougherty Buchholz Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Diego F. Calderin Diego F. Calderin Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Jennifer W. Davis Jennifer W. Davis Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Michael J. Donahue Michael J. Donahue Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Eleuth re I. du Pont Eleuth re I. du Pont Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Nancy J. Foster Nancy J. Foster Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Christopher T. Gheysens Christopher T. Gheysens Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Francis J. Leto Francis J. Leto Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Lynn B. McKee Lynn B. McKee Director Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ David G. Turner David G. Turner Director 
 152 

Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Dominic C. Canuso Dominic C. Canuso Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: February 28, 2023 BY: /s/ Charles K. Mosher Charles K. Mosher Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 153 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 exhibit46-supplementalinde.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 
 Exhibit 4.6 

 This FIRST SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of January 1, 2022, is among U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee ), WSFS Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Successor Company ), Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation Bryn Mawr and the Company under the Indenture (defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Bryn Mawr and the Trustee are parties to that certain Indenture, dated as of August 6, 2015 (the Indenture 
 WHEREAS, the Indenture provided for the issuance by Bryn Mawr of its 4.75 Subordinated Notes due 2025 
 WHEREAS, Bryn Mawr and the Successor Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 9, 2021, pursuant to which Bryn Mawr will be merged with and into the Successor Company, with the Successor Company as the surviving corporation (the Merger and 
 WHEREAS, the parties are entering into this Supplemental Indenture to evidence the succession of the Successor Company to Bryn Mawr, and the assumption by the Successor Company of the covenants of Bryn Mawr contained in the Indenture and the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Section 701 and Section 801 of the Indenture 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, the Successor Company, Bryn Mawr and the Trustee agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 
 Section 1.01 Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The words herein , hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 
 ARTICLE II 
 ASSUMPTION 
 
 Section 1.01 Assumption . 
 Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Article VII of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company expressly assumes the due and punctual payment of the principal of, and interest on, all of the Outstanding Subordinated Notes and the due and punctual performance and observance of every obligation in the Indenture and the Outstanding Subordinated Notes on the part of Bryn Mawr to be performed or observed. The Successor Company hereby agrees to be bound by all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Indenture and the Subordinated Notes and agrees that it shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, Bryn Mawr under the Indenture with the same effect as if the Successor Company had been named as the Company under the Indenture and the Subordinated Notes. 

Section 1.02 Effective Date . This Supplemental Indenture shall be effective as of the date first above written and upon the execution and delivery hereof by each of the parties hereto, provided, however, that 
 (a) the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
 (b) the Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 
 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 1.01 Representations and Warranties. The Successor Company represents and warrants that 
 (a) it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and to perform the covenants and obligations of the Indenture 
 (b) it has authorized this Supplemental Indenture by or in accordance with a Board Resolution 
 (c) it is the successor of Bryn Mawr pursuant to a valid merger effected in accordance with applicable law 
 (d) it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, 
 (e) after giving effect to the Merger and this Supplemental Indenture, no Event of Default, and no event which after notice or lapse of time, or both, would become an Event of Default, will have occurred and be continuing and 
 (f) this Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 701 and Section 801 of the Indenture and does not require the consent of any Holders of Subordinated Notes. 
 
 ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.01 Notices . From and after the date hereof, the Successor Company hereby designates the below address for notices or communications to the Successor Company contemplated by Section 105 of the Indenture 
 WSFS Financial Corporation 
 WSFS Bank Center 
 500 Delaware Avenue 
 Wilmington, DE 19801 
 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Michael P. Reed 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 2 

With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Covington & Burling LLP One CityCenter 
 850 Tenth Street NW Washington, DC 20001 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Frank M. Conner III Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Christopher J. DeCresce 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Charlotte May 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 
 Section 1.02 Counterparts . This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which will constitute but one and the same instrument. Any facsimile or electronically transmitted copies hereof or signature hereon will, for all purposes, be deemed originals. 
 Section 1.03 Successors and Assigns . All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements in the Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, by or on behalf of the Successor Company, Bryn Mawr or the Trustee will bind its respective successors and permitted assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 Section 1.04 Effect of Headings . The Article and Section headings in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience only and will not affect the construction of this Supplemental Indenture. 
 Section 1.05 Severability . In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Section 1.06 Ratification of the Indenture . The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture will be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 
 Section 1.07 Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture will be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any laws or principles of conflict of laws that would apply the laws of a different jurisdiction. 
 Section 1.08 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as statements of the Successor Company and Bryn Mawr and not those of the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly signed as of the date first written above. 
 
 WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 By s Dominic C. Canuso 
 Name Dominic C. Canuso 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

BRYN MAWR BANK CORPORATION 
 
 By s Michael W. Harrington 
 Name Michael W. Harrington 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 As Trustee 
 By s Monique L. Green 
 Name Monique L. Green 
 Title Vice President 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-4.10>
 3
 exhibit410-supplementalind.htm
 EX-4.10

Document 
 Exhibit 4.10 

 This SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE (this Supplemental Indenture ), dated as of January 1, 2022 is among U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association, as trustee (the Trustee ), WSFS Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Successor Company ), and Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation Bryn Mawr and the Company under the Indenture (defined below). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Bryn Mawr and the Trustee have entered into an Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017 (as further amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, other than with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the Base Indenture ), and a First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2017 (as further amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance therewith, other than with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the First Supplemental Indenture and collectively with the Base Indenture, the Indenture ), pursuant to which Bryn Mawr issued its 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due December 15, 2027 
 WHEREAS, Bryn Mawr and the Successor Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 9, 2021, pursuant to which Bryn Mawr will be merged with and into the Successor Company, with the Successor Company as the surviving corporation (the Merger and 
 WHEREAS, the parties are entering into this Supplemental to provide for the assumption by the Successor Company of Bryn Mawr s obligations under the Indenture and to Holders of the Securities pursuant to Article V of the Indenture 
 ARTICLE I 
 DEFINITIONS AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF GENERAL APPLICATION 
 
 Section 1.01 Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The words herein , hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 
 ARTICLE II ASSUMPTION 
 Section 1.01 Assumption . Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Article V of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company expressly and unconditionally assumes all of Bryn Mawr s obligations to Holders of the Securities, payment of the principal of and interest on all of the Securities, and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants and conditions in the Indenture. The Successor Company hereby agrees to be bound by all the terms, provisions and conditions of the Indenture and the Securities and agrees that it shall succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, Bryn Mawr under the Indenture and the Securities with the same effect as if the Successor Company had been named as the Company under the Indenture and the Securities. 
 Section 1.02 Effective Date . This Supplemental Indenture shall be effective as of the date first above written and upon the execution and delivery hereof by each of the parties hereto, provided, however, that 

(a) the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and 
 (b) the Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B. 
 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 1.01 Representations and Warranties. The Successor Company represents and warrants that 
 (a) it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture and to perform the covenants and obligations of the Indenture 
 (b) it is the successor of Bryn Mawr pursuant to a valid merger effected in accordance with applicable law 
 (c) it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware 
 (d) after giving effect to the Merger and this Supplemental Indenture, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing 
 (e) this Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 and Section 9.1 of the Indenture and does not require the consent of any Holders of Securities. 
 ARTICLE IV MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 1.01 Notices . From and after the date hereof, the Successor Company hereby designates the below address for notices or communications to the Successor Company contemplated by Section 10.2 of the Indenture 
 WSFS Financial Corporation 
 WSFS Bank Center 
 500 Delaware Avenue 
 Wilmington, DE 19801 
 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Michael P. Reed 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Covington & Burling LLP One CityCenter 
 850 Tenth Street NW Washington, DC 20001 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Frank M. Conner III Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Christopher J. DeCresce 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 2 

Attention Charlotte May 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 
 Section 1.02 Counterparts . This Supplemental Indenture may be executed in several counterparts, each of which will be an original and all of which will constitute but one and the same instrument. Any facsimile or electronically transmitted copies hereof or signature hereon will, for all purposes, be deemed originals. 
 Section 1.03 Successors and Assigns . All the covenants, stipulations, promises and agreements in the Indenture, as supplemented and amended by this Supplemental Indenture, by or on behalf of the Successor Company, Bryn Mawr or the Trustee will bind its respective successors and permitted assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 Section 1.04 Effect of Headings . The Article and Section headings in this Supplemental Indenture are for convenience only and will not affect the construction of this Supplemental Indenture. 
 Section 1.05 Severability . In case any provision in this Supplemental Indenture or any Securities shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 Section 1.06 Ratification of the Indenture . The Indenture, as supplemented by this Supplemental Indenture, is in all respects ratified and confirmed, and this Supplemental Indenture will be deemed part of the Indenture in the manner and to the extent herein and therein provided. 
 Section 1.07 Governing Law . This Supplemental Indenture will be deemed to be a contract made under the laws of the State of New York and will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any laws or principles of conflict of laws that would apply the laws of a different jurisdiction. 
 Section 1.08 Trustee Not Responsible for Recitals . The recitals contained herein shall be taken as statements of the Successor Company and Bryn Mawr and not those of the Trustee, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. The Trustee makes no representations as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. 
 
 Signature Page Follows 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Supplemental Indenture to be duly signed as of the date first written above. 
 
 WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 By s Dominic C. Canuso 
 Name Dominic C. Canuso 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

BRYN MAWR BANK CORPORATION 
 
 By s Michael W. Harrington 
 Name Michael W. Harrington 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 As Trustee 
 By s Monique L. Green 
 Name Monique L. Green 
 Title Vice President 
 Signature Page to Second Supplemental Indenture 

</EX-4.10>

<EX-4.15>
 4
 exhibit415-supplementalind.htm
 EX-4.15

Document 
 Exhibit 4.15 

 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 (Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I) 
 
 THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is by and among The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (herein, together with its successors in interest, the Trustee ), WSFS Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Successor Company ), and Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, successor in interest to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. (the Company and the Company under the Indenture (as hereinafter defined). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Trustee, the Company, and the Successor Company hereby agree as follows 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Trustee and the Company are parties to that certain Indenture dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Indenture ), pursuant to which the Company issued its Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due December 15, 2034 (the Debt Securities ). 
 As permitted by the terms of the Indenture, simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Second Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall be merged with and into the Successor Company pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 9, 2021, between the Successor Company and the Company (the Merger ). 
 As required by the terms of the Indenture, upon such Merger, the Successor Company shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under the Debt Securities, the Indenture, the Capital Securities Guarantee (as defined below) and the Declaration (as defined below) pursuant to this Second Supplemental Indenture. 
 The parties hereto are entering into this Second Supplemental Indenture pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 9.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Section 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The words herein , hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Second Supplemental Indenture refer to this Second Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 
 Section 2. Assumption of Obligations . 
 (a) Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 11.01 of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Company under the Debt Securities, the Indenture, the Capital Securities Guarantee and the Declaration, including the due and punctual payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all of the Debt Securities and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants, obligations and conditions of the Indenture to be performed or observed by the Company. 
 (b) Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 11.02 of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby succeeds to and is substituted for the Company, and may exercise every right and power of the Company under the Indenture with the same effect as if it had been named in the Indenture as the Company. 
 010-9231-8349 3 AMERICAS 

(c) Commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby also succeeds to, is substituted for, expressly and unconditionally assumes the obligations, duties and warranties of, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Declaration ), as Sponsor (as defined in the Declaration), with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named as Sponsor in the Declaration. 
 (d) Commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby also succeeds to, is substituted for, expressly and unconditionally assumes the obligations, duties and warranties of, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Guarantee Agreement ), as Guarantor (as defined in the Guarantee Agreement), with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named as Guarantor in the Guarantee Agreement. 
 Section 3. Representations and Warranties . The Successor Company represents and warrants that (a) it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Second Supplemental Indenture, to assume the payment obligations under the Debt Securities and to perform the covenants and obligations of the Indenture, (b) it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (c) the Successor Company is the successor to the Company pursuant to the Merger effected in accordance with applicable law, (d) this Second Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Successor Company and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Successor Company in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability hereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)), (e) after giving effect to this Second Supplemental Indenture, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (f) this Second Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 9.01(a) of the Indenture and does not require the consent of the Securityholders. 
 Section 4. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Second Supplemental Indenture shall become effective simultaneously with the effectiveness of the Merger, provided, however, that 
 (a) the Trustee shall have executed a counterpart of this Second Supplemental Indenture and shall have received a counterpart of this Second Supplemental Indenture executed by the Company and the Successor Company 
 (b) the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate of the Company pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 9.05 of the Indenture and 
 (c) the Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel to the Company pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 9.05 and Section 11.03 of the Indenture. 
 Section 5. Reference to the Indenture . 
 (a) Upon the Effective Date, each reference in the Indenture to this Indenture, hereunder, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 (b) Upon the Effective Date, each reference in the Debt Securities to the Indenture, including each term defined by reference to the Indenture, shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture or such term, as the case may be, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 -2- 

(c) The Indenture, as amended and supplemented hereby, shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 Section 6. Addresses for Notices . Any notice or demand which by any provision of the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Securityholders on the Company as contemplated by Section 14.04 of the Indenture shall be addressed to the Successor Company as follows 
 WSFS Financial Corporation 
 WSFS Bank Center 
 500 Delaware Avenue 
 Wilmington, DE 19801 
 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Michael P. Reed 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Covington & Burling LLP One CityCenter 
 850 Tenth Street NW Washington, DC 20001 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Frank M. Conner III Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Christopher J. DeCresce 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Charlotte May 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 
 Section 7. Execution in Counterparts . This Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Any facsimile or electronically transmitted copies hereof or signature hereon will, for all purposes, be deemed originals. 
 Section 8. Governing Law Binding Effect . This Second Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Section 9. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Second Supplemental Indenture or the due execution thereof by the Company or the Successor Company. The recitals of fact contained herein shall be taken as the statements solely of the Company or the Successor Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. 
 
 Signatures on following page 
 -3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By s Dominic C. Canuso 
 Name Dominic C. Canuso 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

BRYN MAWR BANK CORPORATION 

By s Michael W. Harrington 
 Name Michael W. Harrington 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page of Second Supplemental Indenture Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions of Section 3(c) of this Second Supplemental Indenture as of the day and year first written above 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Property Trustee under the Declaration 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions of Section 3(d) of this Second Supplemental Indenture as of the day and year first written above 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Guarantee Trustee under the Guarantee Agreement 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page of Second Supplemental Indenture Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I 

</EX-4.15>

<EX-4.17>
 5
 exhibit417-supplementalind.htm
 EX-4.17

Document 
 Exhibit 4.17 

 SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE 
 (Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II) 
 
 THIS SECOND SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE, dated as of January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ), is by and among The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. (herein, together with its successors in interest, the Trustee ), WSFS Financial Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Successor Company ), and Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, successor in interest to Royal Bancshares of Pennsylvania, Inc. (the Company and the Company under the Indenture (as hereinafter defined). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Trustee, the Company, and the Successor Company hereby agree as follows 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 The Trustee and the Company are parties to that certain Indenture dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Indenture ), pursuant to which the Company issued its Junior Subordinated Debt Securities due December 15, 2034 (the Debt Securities ). 
 As permitted by the terms of the Indenture, simultaneously with the effectiveness of this Second Supplemental Indenture, the Company shall be merged with and into the Successor Company pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 9, 2021, between the Successor Company and the Company (the Merger ). 
 As required by the terms of the Indenture, upon such Merger, the Successor Company shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under the Debt Securities, the Indenture, the Capital Securities Guarantee (as defined below) and the Declaration (as defined below) pursuant to this Second Supplemental Indenture. 
 The parties hereto are entering into this Second Supplemental Indenture pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 9.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Section 1. Definitions . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Indenture. The words herein , hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Second Supplemental Indenture refer to this Second Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular section hereof. 
 Section 2. Assumption of Obligations . 
 (a) Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 11.01 of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby expressly assumes all of the obligations of the Company under the Debt Securities, the Indenture, the Capital Securities Guarantee and the Declaration, including the due and punctual payment of the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on all of the Debt Securities and the due and punctual performance and observance of all of the covenants, obligations and conditions of the Indenture to be performed or observed by the Company. 
 (b) Pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 11.02 of the Indenture, commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby succeeds to and is substituted for the Company, and may exercise every right and power of the Company under the Indenture with the same effect as if it had been named in the Indenture as the Company. 

(c) Commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby also succeeds to, is substituted for, expressly and unconditionally assumes the obligations, duties and warranties of, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Declaration ), as Sponsor (as defined in the Declaration), with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named as Sponsor in the Declaration. 
 (d) Commencing on the Effective Date, the Successor Company hereby also succeeds to, is substituted for, expressly and unconditionally assumes the obligations, duties and warranties of, and may exercise every right and power of, the Company under the Guarantee Agreement, dated as of October 27, 2004 (the Guarantee Agreement ), as Guarantor (as defined in the Guarantee Agreement), with the same effect as if the Successor Company had originally been named as Guarantor in the Guarantee Agreement. 
 Section 3. Representations and Warranties . The Successor Company represents and warrants that (a) it has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Second Supplemental Indenture, to assume the payment obligations under the Debt Securities and to perform the covenants and obligations of the Indenture, (b) it is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (c) the Successor Company is the successor to the Company pursuant to the Merger effected in accordance with applicable law, (d) this Second Supplemental Indenture has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Successor Company and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against the Successor Company in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability hereof may be limited by (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in equity or at law)), (e) after giving effect to this Second Supplemental Indenture, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and (f) this Second Supplemental Indenture is executed and delivered pursuant to Section 9.01(a) of the Indenture and does not require the consent of the Securityholders. 
 Section 4. Conditions of Effectiveness . This Second Supplemental Indenture shall become effective simultaneously with the effectiveness of the Merger, provided, however, that 
 (a) the Trustee shall have executed a counterpart of this Second Supplemental Indenture and shall have received a counterpart of this Second Supplemental Indenture executed by the Company and the Successor Company 
 (b) the Trustee shall have received an Officers Certificate of the Company pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 9.05 of the Indenture and 
 (c) the Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel to the Company pursuant to, and in compliance and accordance with, Section 9.05 and Section 11.03 of the Indenture. 
 Section 5. Reference to the Indenture . 
 (a) Upon the Effective Date, each reference in the Indenture to this Indenture, hereunder, herein or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 (b) Upon the Effective Date, each reference in the Debt Securities to the Indenture, including each term defined by reference to the Indenture, shall mean and be a reference to the Indenture or such term, as the case may be, as affected, amended and supplemented hereby. 
 -2- 

(c) The Indenture, as amended and supplemented hereby, shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed. 
 Section 6. Addresses for Notices . Any notice or demand which by any provision of the Indenture is required or permitted to be given or served by the Trustee or by the Securityholders on the Company as contemplated by Section 14.04 of the Indenture shall be addressed to the Successor Company as follows 
 WSFS Financial Corporation 
 WSFS Bank Center 
 500 Delaware Avenue 
 Wilmington, DE 19801 
 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Michael P. Reed 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to Covington & Burling LLP One CityCenter 
 850 Tenth Street NW Washington, DC 20001 Facsimile Number Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Frank M. Conner III Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Christopher J. DeCresce 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 Attention Charlotte May 
 Email Intentionally omitted 
 
 Section 7. Execution in Counterparts . This Second Supplemental Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Any facsimile or electronically transmitted copies hereof or signature hereon will, for all purposes, be deemed originals. 
 Section 8. Governing Law Binding Effect . This Second Supplemental Indenture shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York, without regard to conflict of laws principles, and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Section 9. The Trustee . The Trustee shall not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for or in respect of the validity or sufficiency of this Second Supplemental Indenture or the due execution thereof by the Company or the Successor Company. The recitals of fact contained herein shall be taken as the statements solely of the Company or the Successor Company, and the Trustee assumes no responsibility for the correctness thereof. 
 
 Signatures on following page 
 -3- 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Supplemental Indenture to be duly executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

WSFS FINANCIAL CORPORATION 

By s Dominic C. Canuso 
 Name Dominic C. Canuso 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 

BRYN MAWR BANK CORPORATION 

By s Michael W. Harrington 
 Name Michael W. Harrington 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

Signature Page of Second Supplemental Indenture Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions of Section 3(c) of this Second Supplemental Indenture as of the day and year first written above 
 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Property Trustee under the Declaration 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

The undersigned hereby acknowledges and agrees to the provisions of Section 3(d) of this Second Supplemental Indenture as of the day and year first written above 
 THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, N.A. not in its individual capacity, but solely as Guarantee Trustee under the Guarantee Agreement 

By s Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Name Julie Hoffman-Ramos 
 Title Vice President 

Signature Page of Second Supplemental Indenture Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II 

</EX-4.17>

<EX-21>
 6
 exhibit21-12312022.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant EXHIBIT 21 Parent Company Subsidiary Percent State or Other 
 Jurisdiction 
 of Incorporation 
 WSFS Financial Corporation Wilmington Savings Fund Society, Federal Savings Bank 100 United States WSFS Wealth Management, LLC 100 Delaware WSFS Capital Management, LLC 100 Delaware Cypress Capital Management, LLC 100 Delaware The Bryn Mawr Trust Company of Delaware 100 Delaware WSFS SPE Services, LLC 100 Delaware 601 Perkasie, LLC 100 Delaware WSFS Capital Trust III 100 Delaware Royal Bancshares Capital Trust I 100 Delaware Royal Bancshares Capital Trust II 100 Delaware Wilmington Savings Fund Society, Federal Savings Bank Beneficial Equipment Finance Corporation 100 Pennsylvania 1832 Holdings, Inc. 100 Delaware NewLane Finance Company 83 New Jersey Data Security Solutions, LLC 65 Delaware Recovery One, LLC 100 Delaware Alliance Financial & Investment Services, LLC 100 Pennsylvania 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 exhibit23-12312022.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-235572) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-256355, 333-230134, 333-189782, 333-169548, 333-146443, 333-127225, 333-106561, 333-40032, 333-33713, 333-26099, and 333-262455) on Form S-8 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of WSFS Financial Corporation and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP Philadelphia, Pennsylvania February 28, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 a302certification-ceo12312.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Rodger Levenson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WSFS Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15-(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Rodger Levenson Rodger Levenson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 a302certification-cfo12312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Dominic C. Canuso, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WSFS Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15-(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 s Dominic C. Canuso Dominic C. Canuso Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 10
 a906certification12312022.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report on Form 10-K of WSFS Financial Corporation (the Company) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), we, Rodger Levenson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Dominic C. Canuso, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer), hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to our knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Rodger Levenson s Dominic C. Canuso Rodger Levenson Dominic C. Canuso Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and (Principal Executive Officer) Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 wsfs-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 wsfs-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 wsfs-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 wsfs-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 wsfs-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

