<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1065078_0001072613-23-000275.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5507305</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191766</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>987083</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1794506</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1106985</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1254974</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001072613-23-000275.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163251
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001072613-23-000275
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		80
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETWORK-1 TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001065078
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		IRS NUMBER:				113027591
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15288
		FILM NUMBER:		23781159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 LOCUST AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2039201055

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		65 LOCUST AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW CANAAN
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06840

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131015

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETWORK 1 SECURITY SOLUTIONS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19980629

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001072613-23-000275.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 network1_10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10K FOR YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED
STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ___________. 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or
 Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 Number) 

, 

 , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 

Registrant's
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Trading
 symbol 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Common
Stock, .01 par value 

 (Title
of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. Yes 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer

Smaller Reporting Company 
 
 Emerging growth
 company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in this filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D.1(b). 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the
common stock was last sold as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based on the closing price as reported on NYSE American
Exchange. Shares of voting stock held by each officer and director and by each person, who as of June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the Registrant s most recently completed second quarter, may be deemed to have beneficially owned more than 10 of the voting
stock have been excluded. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination of affiliate status for
any other purpose. 

 The
number of shares outstanding of Registrant's common stock as of March 23, 2023 was . 

NETWORK-1
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 2022
FORM 10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

 Page
No. 

 PART
I 

Item
 1. Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. Properties 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 

PART
 II 

Item 5. Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. (Reserved) 
 24 
 
 Item
 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item
 9B. Other Information 
 32 
 
 Item
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 33 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item
 11. Executive Compensation 
 38 
 
 Item
 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 
 Item
 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item
 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Signatures 
 49 

- 1 - 

PART
I 

 Forward-looking
statements: 

 THIS
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K CONTAINS STATEMENTS ABOUT FUTURE EVENTS AND EXPECTATIONS WHICH ARE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS .
ANY STATEMENT IN THIS 10-K THAT IS NOT A STATEMENT OF HISTORICAL FACT MAY BE DEEMED TO BE A FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WITHIN THE MEANING
OF SECTION 27A OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR SECTION 21E OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED. FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS PROVIDE CURRENT EXPECTATIONS OF FUTURE EVENTS BASED ON CERTAIN ASSUMPTIONS AND INCLUDE ANY STATEMENT THAT DOES NOT DIRECTLY
RELATE TO ANY HISTORICAL OR CURRENT FACT. STATEMENTS CONTAINING SUCH WORDS AS MAY, WILL, EXPECT, 
 BELIEVE, ANTICIPATE, INTEND, COULD, ESTIMATE, CONTINUE 
OR PLAN AND SIMILAR EXPRESSIONS OR VARIATIONS ARE INTENDED TO IDENTIFY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. THESE STATEMENTS
ARE BASED ON THE BELIEFS AND ASSUMPTIONS OF OUR MANAGEMENT BASED ON INFORMATION CURRENTLY AVAILABLE TO MANAGEMENT. SUCH FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO CURRENT RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND ASSUMPTIONS RELATED TO VARIOUS FACTORS SET FORTH IN THIS REPORT AND IN OTHER
FILINGS MADE BY US WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. BASED UPON CHANGING CONDITIONS, SHOULD ANY ONE OR MORE OF THESE RISKS
OR UNCERTAINTIES MATERIALIZE, INCLUDING THOSE DISCUSSED AS RISK FACTORS IN ITEM 1A AND ELSEWHERE IN THIS REPORT, OR SHOULD
ANY OF OUR UNDERLYING ASSUMPTIONS PROVE INCORRECT, ACTUAL RESULTS MAY VARY MATERIALLY FROM THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS REPORT. WE UNDERTAKE
NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE, AND WE DO NOT HAVE A POLICY OF UPDATING OR REVISING THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. READERS ARE CAUTIONED
NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, WHICH SPEAK ONLY AS OF THE DATE THE STATEMENT WAS MADE. UNLESS THE CONTEXT
OTHERWISE REQUIRES, THE TERMS NETWORK-1, COMPANY, WE, OUR, US MEAN
NETWORK-1 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND ITS WHOLLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES, MIRROR WORLDS TECHNOLOGIES, LLC AND HFT SOLUTIONS, LLC. 

 ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Our
principal business is the development, licensing and protection of our intellectual property assets. We presently own ninety-seven (97)
U.S. patents, fifty-two (52) of such patents have expired, and eight foreign patents relating to (i) our Cox patent portfolio (the Cox
Patent Portfolio relating to enabling technology for identifying media content on the Internet and taking further actions to
be performed after such identification; (ii) our M2M/IoT patent portfolio (the M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio relating to, among
other 

- 2 - 

things,
enabling technology for authenticating, provisioning and using embedded Sim (Subscriber Identification Module) technology in next generation
IoT, Machine-to-Machine, and other mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets and computers; (iii) our HFT patent portfolio (the
 HFT Patent Portfolio covering certain advanced technologies relating to high frequency trading, which inventions specifically
address technological problems associated with speed and latency and provide critical latency gains in trading systems where the difference
between success and failure may be measured in nanoseconds; (iv) our Mirror Worlds patent portfolio (the Mirror Worlds Patent
Portfolio relating to foundational technologies that enable unified search and indexing, displaying and archiving of documents
in a computer system; and (v) our remote power patent (the Remote Power Patent covering the delivery of Power over Ethernet
(PoE) cables for the purpose of remotely powering network devices, such as wireless access ports, IP phones and network based cameras. In
addition, we review opportunities to acquire or license additional intellectual property as well as other strategic alternatives. 

 We
have invested 7,000,000 in ILiAD Biotechnologies, LLC ILiAD ), a clinical stage biotechnology company with an exclusive
license to sixty-four (64) patents. On December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 6.8 of the outstanding units of ILiAD on a non-fully
diluted basis and 6.3 of the outstanding units on a fully diluted basis (after giving effect to the exercise of all outstanding options
and warrants). 

 Our
current strategy includes continuing our efforts to monetize our intellectual property. In addition, we continue to seek to
acquire additional intellectual property assets to develop, commercialize, license or otherwise monetize. Our strategy includes working
with inventors and patent owners to assist in the development and monetization of their patented technologies. Our patent acquisition
and development strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patents which management believes have the potential to generate significant
licensing opportunities as we have achieved with respect to our Remote Power Patent and our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. In addition,
we may also enter into strategic relationships with third parties to develop, commercialize, license or otherwise monetize their intellectual
property. 

 We
have been dependent upon our Remote Power Patent for a significant portion of our revenue. We no longer receive licensing revenue for
our Remote Power Patent for any period subsequent to March 7, 2020 (the expiration date of the patent). Our future revenue is largely
dependent on our ability to monetize our other patent assets. 

 We
have pending litigation involving our assertion of infringement claims concerning certain patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio and
our Remote Power Patent. In addition, we have a pending appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit of the District Court
judgment of non-infringement dismissing our case against Meta Platforms, Inc. (formerly Facebook, Inc.) involving certain patents within
our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-21 of this Annual Report). 

 At
December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 48,439,000 and working capital of 47,359,000. Based
on our current cash position, we believe that we will have sufficient cash to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. 

- 3 - 

Overview
of Our Patents 

 We
currently own ninety-seven (97) U.S. patents and eight foreign patents relating to patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio, M2M/IoT Patent
Portfolio, HFT Patent Portfolio, Mirror World Patent Portfolio and our Remote Power Patent. With respect to our ninety-seven (97) U.S.
patents, fifty-two (52) of such patents have expired. However, we can assert expired patents against third parties but only for past
damages up to the expiration date. We currently have pending litigation involving expired patents including our Remote Power Patent,
and certain patents within our Cox and Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolios (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-21 hereof). 

 Cox
Patent Portfolio 

 Our
Cox Patent Portfolio, acquired from Dr. Ingemar Cox in February 2013, currently consists of thirty-nine (39) U.S. patents relating to
enabling technology for identifying media content on the Internet, such as audio and video, and taking further actions to be performed
based on such identification. All of the patents within our Cox patent portfolio expired in September 2021 except for two patents which
expire in July 2023 and November 2023. We have pending litigation against Google Inc. and YouTube, LLC involving assertion of certain
patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio (see Legal Proceedings at page 19 hereof). The patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio
are based on a patent application filed in 2000. Since the acquisition of the Cox Patent Portfolio in February 2013, we have been issued
thirty-four (34) additional patents relating to this portfolio. The claims in these thirty-four (34) additional patents are generally
directed towards systems of content identification and performing actions following therefrom. 

 We
are obligated to pay Dr. Cox 12.5 of the net proceeds generated by us from licensing, sale or enforcement of the Cox Patent Portfolio.
Dr. Cox provides consulting services to us with respect to the Cox Patent Portfolio and assists our efforts to develop the patent portfolio. 

 Dr.
Cox is currently a Professor at the University of Copenhagen and University College London where he is head of its Information and Decision
Systems Group. Dr. Cox was formerly a member of the Technical Staff at AT T Bell Labs and a Fellow at NEC Research Institute. He
is a Fellow of the ACM, IEEE, the IET (formerly IEE), and the British Computer Society and is a member of the UK Computing Research Committee.
In 2019, Dr. Cox was the recipient of the Tony Kent Strix Award in recognition of his contribution to the field of information retrieval.
He was founding co-editor in chief of the IEE Proc. on Information Security and was an associate editor of the IEEE Trans. on Information
Forensics and Security. He is co-author of a book entitled Digital Watermarking and its second edition Digital Watermarking
and Steganography . He is an inventor or co-inventor of over seventy (70) U.S. patents. 

- 4 - 

M2M/IoT
Patent Portfolio 

 Our
M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio, acquired in December 2017 from M2M and IoT Technologies, LLC M2M ), relates to, among other things,
enabling technology for authenticating, provisioning and using embedded SIM technology in next generation IoT, Machine-to-Machine and
other mobile devices including smartphones, tablets and computers as well as automobiles and drones. The M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio currently
consists of thirty-four (34) issued U.S. patents, four pending U.S. patent applications, seven registered foreign patents and seven additional
pending non-U.S. patent applications. Since we acquired the M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio in December 2017, we have been issued twenty-two
(22) additional U.S. patents with respect to the portfolio. We anticipate further issuances of additional claims for this portfolio.
The expiration dates of the thirty-four (34) issued U.S. patents currently within our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio range from September 2033
to May 2034. 

 We
have an obligation to pay M2M 14 of the first 100 million of net proceeds (after deduction of expenses) and 5 of net proceeds greater
than 100 million from Monetization Activities (as defined) related to our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio. In addition, M2M will be entitled
to receive from us 250,000 of additional consideration upon the occurrence of certain future events related to the patent portfolio. 

 John
Nix, the Managing Member of M2M, provides consulting services to us with respect to our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio. Mr. Nix is an entrepreneur
and inventor, and founder and Chief Executive Officer of Vobal Technologies, LLC. In 2016, Mr. Nix was recognized as Creator of
the Year by the Intellectual Property Law Association of Chicago for his intellectual property related to embedded SIM technology. 

 HFT
Patent Portfolio 

 On
March 25, 2022, we acquired the HFT Patent Portfolio. This portfolio covers certain advanced technologies relating to high frequency
trading, which inventions specifically address technological problems associated with speed and latency and provide critical latency
gains in trading systems where the difference between success and failure may be measured in nanoseconds. The HFT Patent Portfolio
currently includes nine issued U.S. patents and two pending U.S. patents. 

 In
addition to the purchase price that we paid at closing, we have an obligation to pay the seller an additional cash payment of 500,000
and 375,000 of our common stock contingent upon achieving certain milestones with respect to the HFT Patent Portfolio. We also have
an obligation to pay the seller 15 of the first 50 million of net proceeds (after deduction of expenses) generated from the patent
portfolio and 17.5 of net proceeds greater than 50 million. 

 Mirror
Worlds Patent Portfolio 

 Our
Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio, acquired in May 2013, consists of ten (10) U.S. patents and covers foundational technologies that enable
unified search and indexing, displaying and archiving of documents in a computer system. All of our patents within our Mirror Worlds
Patent Portfolio have expired. The Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio includes U.S. Patent No. 6,006,227 (the 227 Patent ),
U.S. Patent No. 7,865,538 and U.S. Patent No. 8,255,439 which are currently being asserted in our litigation against Meta Platforms,
Inc. (formerly Facebook, Inc.) (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-20 hereof). Our 227 Patent was previously asserted in
litigations against Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corporation which were settled resulting in aggregate payments to us of 29,650,000. 

- 5 - 

The
inventions relating to document stream operating systems covered by our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio resulted from the work done by
Yale University computer scientist, Professor David Gelernter, and his then graduate student, Dr. Eric Freeman, in the mid-1990s. Certain
aspects of the technologies developed by David Gelernter were commercialized in their company's product offering called Scopeware. 
Technologies embodied in Scopeware are now common in various computer and web-based operating systems. Professor Gelernter and Dr. Freeman
each entered into consulting agreements with us as part of our acquisition of the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. 

 As
part of our acquisition of the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio in 2013, we also entered into an agreement with Recognition Interface,
LLC Recognition ), an entity that financed the commercialization of the Mirror Worlds patent portfolio prior to its sale
to Mirror Worlds, LLC and also retained an interest in the licensing proceeds of the Mirror Worlds patent portfolio. Pursuant to the
terms of the agreement with us, we are obligated to pay Recognition an interest in the net proceeds realized from our monetization of
the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio as follows: (i) 10 of the first 125 million of net proceeds; (ii) 15 of the next 125 million of
net proceeds; and (iii) 20 of any portion of the net proceeds in excess of 250 million. Since entering into the agreement with Recognition
in May 2013, we have paid Recognition an aggregate of 3,127,000 with respect to such net proceeds interest in our Mirror Worlds Patent
Portfolio (no such payments were made during the years 2022 and 2021). 

 Remote
Power Patent 

 Our
Remote Power Patent (U.S. Patent No. 6,218,930) covers the delivery of power over Ethernet cables for the purpose of remotely powering
network devices such as wireless access ports, IP phones and network based cameras. Our Remote Power Patent expired on March 7, 2020.
Notwithstanding the expiration of the Remote Power Patent in March 2020, we are currently asserting the patent in separate actions against
five defendants for damages prior to March 7, 2020 (expiration date) (see Legal Proceedings at page 20 hereof). 

 On
June 13, 2003, the Institute of Electrical Engineers (IEEE), a non-profit, technical professional association, approved the 802.3af Power
over Ethernet standard (the Standard ), which covers technologies deployed in delivering power over Ethernet networks. The
Standard provides for the Power Sourcing Equipment (PSE) to be deployed in switches or as standalone midspan hubs to provide power to
remote devices such as wireless access points, IP phones and network-based cameras. The technology is commonly referred to as Power over
Ethernet PoE ). In 2009, the IEEE Standards Association approved 802.3at, a new PoE standard which, among other things,
increased the available power for delivery over Ethernet networks. We believe that our Remote Power Patent covers several of the key
technologies covered by both the 802.3af and 802.3at standards. 

- 6 - 

Network-1
Strategy 

 Our
strategy is to capitalize on our intellectual property assets by entering into licensing arrangements with third parties that utilize
our intellectual property's proprietary technologies as well as any additional proprietary technologies covered by patents which may
be acquired by us in the future. Our current patent acquisition and development strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patents
which management believes have the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities as has been the case with our Remote Power
Patent and Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. Our Remote Power Patent has generated licensing revenue in excess of 187,000,000 from May
2007 through December 31, 2022. Since acquisition of our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio in May 2013, we have received licensing and other
revenue of 47,150,000 through December 31, 2022. In addition, we may enter into third party strategic relationships with inventors and
patent owners to assist in the development and monetization of their patent technologies. Based on our cash position, we review opportunities
to acquire additional intellectual property as well as evaluate other strategic alternatives. 

 In
connection with our activities relating to the protection of our intellectual property assets, or the intellectual property assets of
third parties with whom we may have strategic relationships in the future, it may be necessary to assert patent infringement claims against
third parties whom we believe are infringing our patents or those of our strategic partners. We are currently involved in several litigations
to protect our patents including certain patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio, Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio and Remote Power Patent
(see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-21 hereof). We have previously successfully asserted litigation with respect to our
Remote Power Patent and our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio and have also been successful in defending proceedings at the USPTO challenging
the validity of our Remote Power Patent and certain patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio. 

- 7 - 

Significant
Licensees 

 We
had no revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Revenue from our Remote Power Patent constituted 100 of our revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2021, of which two licensees constituted 99 of our revenue for such year. 

 Competition 

With
respect to our ability to acquire additional intellectual property assets or enter into strategic relationships with third parties to
monetize their intellectual property assets, we face considerable competition from other companies, many of which have significantly
greater financial and other resources than we have. The patent licensing and enforcement industry has grown and there has been a material
increase in the number of companies seeking to acquire intellectual property assets from third parties or to provide financing to third
parties seeking to monetize their intellectual property. Entities including, among others, Acacia Research Corporation (NASDAQ:ACTG),
Intellectual Ventures, WI LAN Inc., a subsidiary of Quarterhill Inc. (NASDAQ:QTRH), VirnetX Holdings Corporation (NYSE MKT:VHC) and
RPX Corporation, seek to acquire intellectual property or partner with third parties to license or enforce intellectual property rights. In
addition, we also compete with strategic corporate buyers with respect to the acquisition of intellectual property assets. It is expected
that others will enter this market as well. Many of these competitors have significantly greater financial and human resources than us. 

 We
may also compete with litigation funding firms such as Burford Capital Limited, Validity Finance, LLC, Fortress Investment Group, LLC,
Parabellum Capital LLC and Bentham Capital LLC, venture capital firms and hedge funds for intellectual property acquisitions and licensing
opportunities. Many of these competitors also have greater financial resources and human resources than us. 

 Regulatory
Environment 

 If
new legislation, regulations or rules are implemented either by Congress, the USPTO or the courts that impact the patent application
process, the patent enforcement process or the rights of patent holders, these changes could negatively affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Certain legislation, regulations, and rulings by the courts and actions by the USPTO have materially
increased the risk and cost of enforcement of patents. U.S. patent laws were amended by the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, referred
to as the America Invents Act , which became effective on March 16, 2013. The America Invents Act included a number of significant
changes to U.S. patent law. In general, it addressed issues surrounding the enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation
by, among other things, establishing new procedures for patent litigation and new administrative post-grant review procedures to challenge
the patentability of issued patents outside of litigation, including Inter Partes Review (IPR) and Covered Business Method
 Review (CBM) proceedings which provide third parties a timely and cost effective alternative to district court litigation to challenge
the validity of an issued patent. The America Invents Act and its implementation has increased the uncertainties and costs surrounding
the enforcement of patent rights has made it more difficult to successfully enforce our patents. 

- 8 - 

In
addition, future changes in patent law could adversely impact our business. Such changes may not be advantageous to us and may make it
more difficult to obtain adequate patent protection to enforce our patents. Increased focus on the growing number of patent lawsuits,
particularly by non-practicing entities (NPEs), may result in legislative changes which increase the risk and costs of asserting patent
litigation. 

 Investment
in ILiAD Biotechnologies 

 During
the period December 2018 to date, we made an aggregate investment of 7,000,000 in ILiAD, a privately held clinical stage biotechnology
company dedicated to the prevention and treatment of human disease caused by Bordetella pertussis . ILiAD is currently focused
on validating its proprietary intranasal vaccine, BPZE1, for the prevention of pertussis (whooping cough). Pertussis is a life-threatening
disease caused by the highly contagious respiratory bacterium Bordetella pertussis . According to the U.S. Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention, each year pertussis affects approximately 16 million people globally, accounting for nearly 200,000 deaths. ILiAD
has the exclusive license to sixty-four (64) issued patents and has thirty (30) pending patent applications. On December 31, 2022, we
owned approximately 6.8 of the outstanding units of ILiAD on a non-fully diluted basis and 6.3 of the outstanding units on a fully
diluted basis (after giving effect to the exercise of all outstanding options, and warrants). In connection with our investment, Corey
Horowitz, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, became a member of ILiAD s Board of Managers. 

 BPZE1
was developed in the laboratory of Camille Locht, PhD, at the Institut Pasteur de Lille (IPL) and French National Institute of Health
and Medical research. BPZE1 is a live-attenuated intranasal vaccine designed to overcome deficiencies of current pertussis vaccines,
including poor durability of protection and failure to prevent nasopharyngeal Bordetella pertussis infections that lead to escape
mutants and transmission to vulnerable infants. On January 3, 2022, ILiAD announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
granted Fast Track designation for BPZE1. 

 On
August 24, 2022, ILiAD consummated a private financing of 42,800,000 of its Class D units, of which a multi-national pharmaceutical
company invested 30,000,000. As a result of the financing, we recognized a gain of 3,883,000 on our equity investment and a gain of
 271,000 with respect to the conversion of our convertible note in the principal amount of 1,000,000 plus interest into equity of ILiAD. 

- 9 - 

Corporate
Information 

 We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in July 1990. Our principal executive offices are located at 65 Locust Avenue,
Third Floor, New Canaan, Connecticut 06840 and our telephone number is (203) 920-1055. 

 Available
Information 

 We
file or furnish various reports, such as registration statements, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other materials
with the SEC. Our website address is www.network-1.com . You may obtain, free of charge on our Internet website, copies
of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and amendments to those
reports or statements filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information we post on our website is intended for reference
purposes only; none of the information posted on our website is part of this Annual Report or incorporated by reference herein. 

 In
addition to the materials that are posted on our website, you may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and other information statements,
and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of the SEC s Internet
site is http://www.sec.gov . 

 Employees
and Consultants 

 We
currently have two employees and two consultants providing monthly services to us. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
operations and financial results are subject to various material risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and the trading price of our common stock. You
should carefully consider the material risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information set forth in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, including, but not limited to, the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. The material risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks that
we do not know of or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business operations. If any of the following risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially adversely affected, and the
trading price of our common stock could decline significantly. 

- 10 - 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

 Our
revenue from licensing intellectual property is uncertain as it is generally dependent upon litigation outcomes involving our patents
which we cannot predict. 

 Our
revenue is dependent upon our litigation outcomes. We currently have pending litigation involving our Cox Patent Portfolio and Mirror
Worlds Patent Portfolio as well as our Remote Power Patent (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-21 hereof). Patent litigation
is inherently risky and uncertain and we cannot assure you that any of our current or future litigation will result in a favorable outcome
for us. Accordingly, our revenue is uncertain. 

 If
we are unable to protect our patents, our business would be negatively impacted. 

 We
believe our patents are valid, enforceable and valuable. Despite this belief, third parties typically defend assertion of our patents
by asserting defenses, among others, of non-infringement and invalidity. In addition, in the future certain of our patents may be subject
to USPTO post-grant inter partes review proceedings (IPRs) which could result in all or a part of our patents being invalidated
or the claims being limited. Unfavorable outcomes in our litigation or IPRs may reduce our ability to enforce our patents or have other
adverse consequences. If we are unable to protect our patents or otherwise realize value for them, our business would be negatively impacted. 

 The
outcome of our substantial investment in ILiAD is uncertain. 

 To
date we have invested 7,000,000 in ILiAD, a privately held clinical stage biotechnology company, with focus on validating its proprietary
intranasal vaccine (BPZE1) for the prevention of pertussis (whopping cough). For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain
of 3,883,000 on our ILiAD investment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 323 as a result of ILiAD s completion
of a private financing of approximately 42,800,000 in August 2022 which included an investment of 30,000,000 by a multi-national pharmaceutical
company. We also recorded a gain in 2022 of 271,000 in connection with conversion of our convertible note in the principal amount of
 1,000,000 plus accrued interest into equity in the ILiAD private offering (see Note B[6] and Note H to our consolidated financial statements
included herein). Notwithstanding the gains we recorded in 2022, our investment in ILiAD remains subject to substantial risks. 

 We
have been dependent upon our Remote Power Patent for a significant portion of our revenue and we may not be able to generate future revenue
from our other patents. 

 Our
Remote Power Patent has generated licensing revenue for us in excess of 187,000,000 from May 2007 through December 31, 2022. We had
no revenue in 2022 and revenue from our Remote Power Patent constituted 100 of our revenue for 2021 36,029,000), 2020 4,403,000)
and 2019 3,037,000). As a result of the expiration of our Remote Power Patent on March 7, 2020, we no longer receive licensing revenue
from such patent for any period subsequent to the expiration date. Our failure to successfully monetize our other patents would have
a negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

- 11 - 

We
may not achieve successful outcomes of our pending or future litigation which would have a negative impact on our business. 

 We
are currently enforcing certain patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio against Google and YouTube, who are challenging these patents
and we are also asserting our Remote Power Patent in nine separate litigations against ten defendants. We have appealed to the Federal
Circuit the District Court decision granting Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.), summary judgment of non infringement and dismissing
our case involving certain patents within our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-20 hereof).
In addition, our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio and HFT Patent Portfolio, are not currently being asserted. We may not have success in enforcing
or defending our patents, which would have a negative impact on our business. 

 We
may not be able to capitalize in the future on our strategy to acquire high quality patents with significant licensing opportunities
or enter into strategic relationships with third parties to license or otherwise monetize their intellectual property. 

 Based
upon the success we achieved from licensing our Remote Power Patent (twenty-eight (28) license agreements which generated in excess of
 187,000,000 of revenue), the revenue we generated from our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio 47,150,000) and establishing a patent portfolio
currently consisting of ninety-seven (97) U.S. patents and eight foreign patents as well as our cash position, we believe we have the
expertise and sufficient capital to compete in the patent monetization market and to enter strategic relationships with third parties
to develop, commercialize, license or otherwise monetize their patents. Our strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patent assets
which management believes have the potential for significant licensing opportunities. However, we may not be able to acquire such additional
high quality patents or, if acquired, we may not achieve material revenue or profit from such patents. Acquisitions of patent assets
are competitive, time consuming, complex and costly to consummate. High quality patents with significant licensing opportunities
are difficult to find and are often very competitive to acquire. In addition, such acquisitions present material risks. Even
if we acquire such additional patent assets, we may not be able to achieve significant licensing revenue or even generate sufficient
revenue related to such patent assets to offset the acquisition costs and the legal fees and expenses which may be incurred to enforce,
license or otherwise monetize such patents. In addition, we may not be able to enter into strategic relationships with third parties
to license or otherwise monetize their intellectual property and, even if we consummate such strategic relationships, we may not achieve
material revenue or profit from such relationships. 

- 12 - 

The
patent monetization cycle is long, costly and unpredictable. 

 There
is generally a significant time lag between acquiring a patent portfolio and recognizing revenue from those patent assets. During this
time lag, significant costs are likely to be incurred which may have a negative impact on our results of operations, cash flow and financial
position. Furthermore, the outcome of our efforts to monetize our patents is uncertain and we may not be successful. 

 Our
quarterly and annual operating and financial results and our revenue are difficult to predict and are likely to fluctuate significantly
in future periods. 

 Our
quarterly and annual operating and financial results are difficult to predict and may fluctuate significantly from period to period.
In 2022, we had no revenue and incurred a net loss of 2,326,000. We had revenue of 36,029,000 and net income of 14,281,000 for 2021,
as compared to revenue of 4,403,000 and a net loss of 1,709,000 for 2020. We had revenue of 3,037,000 and a net loss of 1,792,000
for 2019 as compared to revenue and net income of 22,106,000 and 7,706,000 for 2018. Accordingly, our revenue, net income and results
of operations may widely fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors that are outside our control including the timing and our ability
to achieve successful outcomes from current and future patent litigation, our ability and timing in consummating future license agreements
for our intellectual property assets, the timing and extent of payments received by us from licensees, whether we will achieve a successful
outcome of our investment in ILiAD, and the timing and our ability to achieve revenue from future strategic relationships. 

 In
the future we could be classified as a Personal Holding Company resulting in a 20 tax on our PHC Income that we do not distribute to
our shareholders. 

 The
personal holding company PHC rules under the Internal Revenue Code impose a 20 tax on a PHC s undistributed personal
holding company income UPHCI ), which means, in general, taxable income subject to certain adjustments and reduced by certain
distributions to shareholders. For a corporation to be classified as a PHC, it must satisfy two tests: (1) that more than 50 in value
of its outstanding shares must be owned directly or indirectly by five or fewer individuals at any time during the second half of the
year (after applying constructive ownership rules to attribute stock owned by entities to their beneficial owners and among certain family
members and other related parties) (the Ownership Test and (2) at least 60 of its adjusted ordinary gross income for
a taxable year consists of dividends, interest, royalties, annuities and rents (the Income Test ). During the second
half of 2022, based on available information concerning our shareholder ownership, we did not satisfy the Ownership Test and thus we
were not a PHC for 2022. However, we may be determined to be a PHC in the future. If we were determined to be a PHC in 2023
or any future year, we would be subject to an additional 20 tax on our UPHCI. In such event, we may issue a special cash dividend to
our shareholders in an amount equal to the UPHCI rather than incur the 20 tax. 

- 13 - 

We
are dependent upon our CEO and Chairman. 

 Our
success is largely dependent upon the personal efforts of Corey M. Horowitz, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our
Board of Directors. On March 22, 2022, we entered into a new four year employment agreement with Mr. Horowitz pursuant to which
he continues to serve as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of Mr. Horowitz would have a material adverse
effect on our business and prospects. We do not maintain key-man life insurance on the life of Mr. Horowitz. 

 Cash
dividends may not be continued to be paid. 

 Our
dividend policy consists of semi-annual cash dividends of 0.05 per share 0.10 per share annually) which have been paid in March and
September of each year. We have paid such semi-annual dividends since our dividend policy was enacted in December 2016. At this
time we anticipate continuing to pay dividends consistent with our policy. However, our dividend policy undergoes a periodic review by
our Board of Directors and is subject to change at any time depending upon our earnings, financial requirements and other factors existing
at the time. We may not be in a position to continue to pay dividends in the future. 

 Legislation,
regulations, court rulings and actions by the USPTO have materially increased the risk and cost of enforcement of patents and may continue
to do so in the future. 

 Legislation,
regulations, court rulings and actions by the USPTO have materially increased the risk and cost of enforcing patents. U.S. patent laws
were amended by the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, referred to as the America Invents Act, which became effective on March 16, 2013.
The America Invents Act included a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. In general, it addressed issues surrounding the
enforceability of patents and the increase in patent litigation by, among other things, established new procedures for patent litigation
and new administrative post-grant review procedures to challenge the patentability of issued patents outside of litigation, including
 Inter Partes Review (IPR) and Covered Business Method Review (CBM) proceedings which provide third parties a timely, cost
effective alternative to district court litigation to challenge the validity of an issued patent. In addition, the America Invents Act
changed the way that parties may be joined in patent infringement actions, and increased the likelihood that such actions will need to
be brought against individual parties allegedly infringing by their respective individual actions or activities. The America Invents
Act and its implementation also increased the uncertainties and costs surrounding the enforcement of patent rights, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

- 14 - 

Changes
in patent law could adversely impact our business. 

 Patent
laws may continue to change and may alter the protections afforded to owners of patent rights. Such changes may not be advantageous to
us and may make it more difficult to obtain adequate patent protection to enforce our patents. Increased focus on the growing number
of patent lawsuits, particularly by non-practicing entities (NPEs), may result in further legislative changes which increase the risk
and costs of asserting patent litigation. 

 Our
pending patent infringement litigations are time consuming and costly. 

 We
have pending litigations involving our Cox Patent Portfolio, Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio (pending appeal to the Federal Circuit of
dismissal of our Facebook (Meta Platforms, Inc.) litigation) and Remote Power Patent (see Legal Proceedings at pages 19-21
of this Annual Report). While we have contingent legal fee arrangements, or a contingency plus a fixed cash amount arrangement, with
our patent litigation counsel in each litigation, we are responsible for all or a portion of the expenses which are anticipated to be
material. In addition, the time and effort required of our management to effectively pursue these litigations is likely to be significant
and it may adversely affect other business opportunities. 

 We
face intense competition to acquire intellectual property and enter into strategic relationships. 

 With
respect to our ability to acquire additional intellectual property or enter into strategic relationships with third parties to monetize
their intellectual property, we face considerable competition from other companies, many of which have significantly greater financial
and other resources than we have. We face a number of competitors in the patent licensing and enforcement business seeking to acquire
intellectual property rights from third parties. Many of these competitors have significantly more financial and human resources than
us. 

 We
may also compete with strategic corporate buyers, litigation funding firms, venture capital firms and hedge funds for intellectual property
acquisitions and licensing opportunities. Many of these competitors have greater financial resources and human resources than us. 

 Our
markets are subject to rapid technological change and our technologies face potential technology obsolescence. 

 The
markets covered by our intellectual property are characterized by rapid technological changes, changing customer requirements, frequent
new product introductions and enhancements, and evolving industry standards. The introduction of products embodying new technologies
and the emergence of new industry standards may render our technologies obsolete or less marketable. 

- 15 - 

In
addition, other companies may develop competing technologies that offer better or less expensive alternatives to the technologies covered
by our intellectual property. Moreover, technological advances or entirely different approaches developed by other companies or adopted
by various standards groups could render our patents obsolete, less marketable or unenforceable. 

 The
burdens of being a public company may adversely affect us including our ability to pursue litigation. 

 As
a public company, our management must devote substantial time, attention and financial resources to comply with U.S. securities laws.
This may have a material adverse effect on management's ability to effectively and efficiently pursue its business. In addition, our
disclosure obligations under U.S. securities laws require us to disclose information publicly that will be available to litigation opponents.
We may, from time to time, be required to disclose information that may have a material adverse effect on our litigation strategies.
This information may enable our litigation opponents to develop effective litigation strategies that are contrary to our interests. 

 General
Risk Factors 

 Investors
may have limited influence on stockholder decisions because ownership of our common stock is concentrated. 

 As
of March 10, 2023, our executive officers and directors beneficially owned 30.8 of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these
stockholders may be able to exercise substantial control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors
and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of
ownership will limit other stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third
party from acquiring control over us. 

 Our
common stock may be delisted from the NYSE American exchange if we fail to comply with continued listing standards. 

 Our
common stock is currently traded on the NYSE American exchange under the symbol NTIP . If we fail to meet any of the continued
listing standards of the NYSE American exchange, our common stock could be delisted. Such delisting could adversely affect the price
and trading (including liquidity) of our common stock. 

- 16 - 

There
are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and operating results. 

 The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the Unites States U.S. GAAP involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities
and related reserves, revenues, expenses, and income. Estimates, judgments, and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future,
and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, expenses, and income. Any such changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

 Provisions
in our corporate charter, by-laws and in Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, discourage a takeover
and adversely affect existing stockholders. 

 Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the Board of Directors to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred
stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by our Board of Directors, without
further action by stockholders, and may include, among other things, voting rights (including the right to vote as a series on particular
matters), preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions, any of which could
adversely affect holders of our common stock. Although there are currently no shares of preferred stock outstanding, future holders of
preferred stock may have rights superior to our common stock and such rights could also be used to restrict our ability to merge with
or sell our assets to third parties. 

 We
are also subject to the anti takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could prevent
us from engaging in a business combination with a 15 or greater stockholder for a period of three years from the date
such person acquired that status unless appropriate board or stockholder approvals are obtained. 

 In
addition, our By-laws contain advance notice requirements for director nominations and for new business to be brought up at stockholder
meetings. Stockholders wishing to submit director nominations or raise matters to a vote of stockholders must provide notice to us within
specified date windows and in very specific forms in order to have that matter voted on at a stockholders meeting. 

 The
aforementioned provisions could deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in our control or management, including transactions
in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price. These provisions may also
limit the ability of stockholders to delay, deter or prevent a change of control, or approve transactions that they may deem to be in
their best interests. 

- 17 - 

Our
stock price may be volatile. 

 The
market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which
are beyond our control, including the following: 

the
 outcome of our litigation against Google and YouTube involving certain patents within our
 Cox Patent Portfolio; 

our
 ability to further develop, license and monetize our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio; 

our
 ability to further develop, license and monetize our HFT Patent Portfolio; 

our
 ability to achieve a successful outcome of our investment in ILiAD; 

the
 outcome of our appeal to the Federal Circuit of the District Court ruling granting Facebook
 summary judgment of non infringement and dismissing our case involving certain patents
 within our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio; 

our
 ability to acquire additional intellectual property; 

our
 ability to enter into strategic relationships with third parties to license or otherwise
 monetize their intellectual property; 

variations
 in our quarterly and annual operating results; 

our
 ability to continue to pay cash dividends; 

our
 ability to raise capital if needed; 

sales
 of our common stock; 

technology
 changes; 

legislative,
 regulatory and competitive developments; and 

economic
 and other external factors. 

 In
addition, the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the
operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also have a material and adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock. 

- 18 - 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

 ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
principal executive offices are located in New Canaan, Connecticut, where we lease approximately 2,000 square feet of office space at
a base rent of 5,500 per month pursuant to a lease amendment, dated May 1, 2022, which term expires on April 30, 2025. We believe that
our office facility is suitable and appropriate to support our current needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Cox
Patent Portfolio Litigation 

 On
April 4, 2014 and December 3, 2014, we initiated litigation against Google Inc. Google and YouTube, LLC YouTube in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York for infringement of several of our patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio
which relate to the identification of media content on the Internet. The lawsuit alleges that Google and YouTube have infringed and continue
to infringe certain of our patents by making, using, selling and offering to sell unlicensed systems and related products and services,
which include YouTube s Content ID system. 

 The
litigations against Google and YouTube were subject to court ordered stays which were in effect from July 2, 2015 until January 2, 2019
as a result of proceedings then pending at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) and the appeals to the U.S. District Court of Appeals
for the Federal Circuit. Pursuant to a joint stipulation and order, entered on January 2, 2019, the parties agreed, among other things,
that the stays with respect to the litigations were lifted. In January 2019, the two litigations against Google and YouTube were consolidated.
Discovery is complete and the parties have each submitted summary judgment motions. A trial date has not yet been set. 

 Mirror
Worlds Patent Portfolio Litigation 

 Meta
(Facebook) Litigation 

 On
May 9, 2017, Mirror Worlds Technologies, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, initiated litigation against Facebook, Inc. now Meta
Platforms, Inc., Meta in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, for infringement of U.S. Patent
No. 6,006,227, U.S. Patent No. 7,865,538 and U.S. Patent No. 8,255,439 (among the patents within our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio).
The lawsuit alleges that the asserted patents are infringed by Meta s core technologies that enable Meta s Newsfeed and Timeline
features. We seek, among other things, monetary damages based upon reasonable royalties. 

 On
May 7, 2018, Meta filed a motion for summary judgment on non-infringement. On August 11, 2018, the Court issued an order granting Facebook s
motion for summary judgment of non-infringement and dismissed the case. On January 23, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit ruled in our favor and reversed the summary judgment finding on non-infringement of the District Court and remanded the
litigation to the Southern District of New York for further proceedings. 

- 19 - 

On
March 7, 2022, the District Court entered a ruling granting in part and denying in part a motion for summary judgment by Meta. In its
ruling the Court (i) denied Meta s motion that the asserted patents were invalid by concluding that all asserted claims were patent
eligible under 101 of the Patent Act and (ii) granted summary judgment of non infringement in favor of Facebook and dismissed
the case. We strongly disagree with the decision on non infringement and on April 4, 2022 we filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit. The appeal is pending. 

 Remote
Power Patent Litigation 

 October-November
2022 Litigation 

 In
October and November 2022, we initiated nine separate litigations against ten defendants for infringement of our Remote Power Patent
seeking monetary damages based upon reasonable royalties, as follows: 

On
 October 6, 2022, we initiated such litigation against Arista Networks, Inc., Fortinet, Inc.,
 Honeywell International Inc. and Ubiquiti Inc. in the United States District Court, District
 of Delaware; 

On
 October 27, 2022, and November 3, 2022, we initiated such litigation against TP-Link USA
 Corporation and Hikvision USA, Inc. in the United States District Court for the Central District
 of California; 

On
 November 4, 2022, we initiated such litigation against Panasonic Holdings Corporation and
 Panasonic Corporation of North America in the United States District Court for the Eastern
 District of Texas (Marshall Division); and 

On
 November 8, 2022 and November 16, 2022, we initiated such litigation against Antaira Technologies,
 LLC and Dahua Technology USA in the United States District Court for the Central District
 of California. 

 During
the period January 24, 2023 through March 10, 2023, we entered into settlement agreements with Arista Networks, Inc., Antaira Technologies,
LLC, Panasonic Holdings Corporation and TP Link USA Corporation with respect to the above referenced litigations resulting in aggregate
settlement payments to us of 537,300 and a conditional payment of 150,000. 

- 20 - 

Netgear
Litigation 

 On
December 15, 2020, we filed a lawsuit against Netgear in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, for breach of
a Settlement and License Agreement, dated May 22, 2009, with us for Netgear s failure to make royalty payments, and provide corresponding
royalty reports to us based on sales of Netgear s PoE products. On October 22, 2021, Netgear filed a Demand for Arbitration with
the American Arbitration Association AAA seeking to arbitrate certain issues raised in the litigation in the Supreme
Court, State of New York, County of New York. We have objected to jurisdiction at the AAA. On April 22, 2022, Netgear filed a counterclaim
in the New York court action alleging that we breached the License Agreement by not offering Netgear lower royalties. On September 22,
2022, the arbitration brought by Netgear was dismissed by the AAA on jurisdiction grounds. The case remains pending in the Supreme Court
of the State of New York, County of New York. 

 ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

 None. 

 PART
II 

ITEM 5. MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF
 EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market
Information . Our common stock is listed for trading on the NYSE American exchange under the symbol NTIP . On March 23,
2023, the closing price for our common stock as reported on the NYSE American Exchange was 2.10 per share. The number of record holders
of our common stock was 39 as of March 23, 2023. In addition, we believe there were in excess of approximately 1200 holders of our common
stock in street name as of March 23, 2023. 

 Dividend
Policy . Our dividend policy consists of semi-annual cash dividends of 0.05 per share 0.10 per share annually) which
have been paid in March and September of each year. On February 23, 2022, our Board of Directors declared a semi annual
cash dividend of 0.05 per share with a payment date of March 24, 2022 to all common shareholders of record as of March 9, 2022. On September
9, 2022, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of 0.05 per share with a payment date of September 30, 2022 to
all common shareholders of record as of September 20, 2022. On March 3, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a semi-annual cash
dividend of 0.05 per share with a payment date of March 31, 2023 to all common shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. At this
time we anticipate continuing to pay dividends consistent with our policy. However, our dividend policy undergoes a periodic review by
our Board of Directors and is subject to change at any time depending upon our earnings, financial requirements and other factors existing
at the time. 

- 21 - 

As
of December 31, 2022, we accrued dividends of 37,000 for unvested restricted stock units with dividend equivalent rights. 

 Recent
Issuances of Unregistered Securities . There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended December 31,
2022. 

 Stock
Repurchases. On June 11, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized an extension and increase of the share repurchase program Share
Repurchase Program to repurchase up to 5,000,000 of shares of our common stock over the subsequent 24 month period. The common
stock may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions in our discretion. The timing
and amount of the shares repurchased is determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The
Share Repurchase Program may be increased, suspended or discontinued at any time. 

- 22 - 

During
the months of October, November and December 2022, we repurchased common stock pursuant to our Share Repurchase Program as indicated
below: 

Period 
 Total
 Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 Average
 Price 
 Paid Per Share 
 Total
 Number of 
 Shares Purchased 
 as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans 
 or Programs 
 Maximum
 Number 
 (or Approximate 
 Dollar Value) of 
 Shares) that May 
 Yet Be Purchased 
 Under the Plans or 
 Programs 
 
 October
 1, 2022 to 
 October 31, 2022 

3,508,374 
 
 November
 1, 2022 to 
 November 30, 2022 
 4,210 
 2.23 
 4,210 
 3,498,965 
 
 December
 1, 2022 to 
 December 31, 2022 
 46,027 
 2.20 
 46,027 
 3,397,891 
 
 Total 
 50,237 
 2.20 
 50,237 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate of 228,530 shares of our common stock pursuant to our Share Repurchase
Program at a cost of 531,000 (exclusive of commissions) or an average price per share of 2.33. 

 Since
inception of our Share Repurchase Program (August 2011) to December 31, 2022, we repurchased an aggregate of 9,212,664 shares of our
common stock at a cost of 17,758,000 (exclusive of commissions) or an average per share price of 1.93. 

 Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

 The
following table summarizes share and exercise price information for our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Number
 of 
 securities
 to be 
 issued
 upon 
 exercise
 of 
 outstanding 
 options
 and rights 

Weighted-average 
 exercise
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options
 and 
 rights 

Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding
 securities reflected in column(a)) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans 
 approved by security holders 
 
 625,000 (1) 

(2) 
 
 2,300,000 (3) 

Equity
 compensation plans not 
 approved by security holders 

Total 
 
 625,000 

2,300,000 

(1) Consists
of shares issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units issued under the 2013 Stock Incentive Plan. 

 (2) Does
not take into account outstanding restricted stock units as these awards have no exercise price. 

 (3) Represents
shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. We have discontinued issuing awards under our 2013
Stock Incentive Plan as a result of adoption of the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. 

- 23 - 

Our
2022 Stock Incentive Plan 2022 Plan provides for the grant of any or all of the following types of awards: (a) stock
options, (b) restricted stock units (c) restricted stock, (d) stock appreciation rights, (e) unrestricted stock awards, (f) cash based
awards, and (g) other stock-based awards. Awards under the 2022 Plan may be granted singly, in combination, or in tandem. Subject
to standard anti-dilution adjustments as provided in the 2022 Plan, the 2022 Plan provides for an aggregate of 2,300,000 shares of our
common stock to be available for distribution pursuant to the 2022 Plan. The Compensation Committee (or the Board of Directors)
will generally have the authority to administer the 2022 Plan, determine participants who will be granted awards under the 2022 Plan,
the size and types of awards, the terms and conditions of awards and the form and content of the award agreements representing awards.
Awards under the 2022 Plan may be granted to our employees, directors and consultants. As of December 31, 2022, there were no awards
outstanding under our 2022 Plan and 625,000 shares issuable upon vesting restricted stock units under our 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 2013
Plan ). 

 ITEM
6. (RESERVED) 

 Not
applicable. 

 ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial
statements and related notes contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, particularly in the Risk Factors Section on pages 10-18 hereof. 

 OVERVIEW 

 Our
principal business is the development, licensing and protection of our intellectual property assets. We presently own ninety-seven (97)
U.S. patents and [ eight ] foreign patents relating to: (i) our Cox Patent Portfolio relating to enabling technology for
identifying media content on the Internet and taking further action to be performed after such identification; (ii) our M2M/IoT Patent
Portfolio relating to, among other things, enabling technology for authenticating, provisioning and using embedded Sim (Subscriber Identification
Module) technology in next generation IoT, Machine-to-Machine, and other mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets and computers;
(iii) our HFT Patent Portfolio covering certain advanced technologies relating to high frequency trading, which inventions specifically
address technological problems associated with speed and latency and provide critical latency gains in trading systems where the difference
between success and failure may be measured in nanoseconds; (iv) our Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio relating to foundational technologies
that enable unified search and indexing, displaying and archiving of documents in a computer system; and (v) our Remote Power Patent
covering the delivery of power over Ethernet (PoE) cables for the purpose of remotely powering network devices, such as wireless access
ports, IP phones and network based cameras. In addition, we continually review opportunities to acquire or license additional intellectual
property as well as other strategic alternatives. 

- 24 - 

At
December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity consisted of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 48,439,000
and working capital of 47,359,000. Based on our cash position, we continually review opportunities to acquire additional intellectual
property as well as evaluate other strategic opportunities. 

 To
date we have invested 7,000,000 in ILiAD, a clinical stage biotechnology company with an exclusive license to sixty-four patents. Although
in 2022 we recorded gains on our investment in ILiAD as referenced below, our investment continues to involve significant risk and the
outcome is uncertain. 

 We
had no revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a gain on our equity investment
in ILiAD of 3,883,000 in accordance with ASC 323 due to an observable transaction price and dilution to our ownership of ILiAD as a
result of an ILiAD private offering as well as a gain on conversion of our convertible note from ILiAD of 271,000 in the private offering
(see Note B[6] and Note H to our consolidated financial statements included herein). 

 We
have been dependent upon our Remote Power Patent for a significant portion of our revenue. Our Remote Power Patent generated licensing
revenue in excess of 187,000,000 from May 2007 through December 31, 2022. We no longer receive licensing revenue for our Remote Power
Patent for any period subsequent March 7, 2020 (the expiration date of the patent). During the fourth quarter of 2022, we commenced separate
litigation against ten defendants involving our Remote Power Patent for patent infringement for the period prior to March 7, 2020 (see
 Legal Proceedings on page 20 hereof). 

 In
addition, we have pending litigation involving certain patents within our Cox Patent Portfolio and have appealed the judgment of the
District Court dismissing our litigation against Meta (Facebook) on the grounds of non infringement involving certain patents within
our Mirror Worlds Portfolio. We also intend to commence efforts to monetize certain patents within our M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio and HFT
Patent Portfolio. We may not achieve successful outcomes of such litigation, the appeal, or future litigation involving our patent assets. 

 Our
current strategy includes continuing our licensing efforts with respect to our intellectual property assets and the monetization of our
patent portfolios. In addition, we continue to seek to acquire additional intellectual property assets to develop, commercialize, license
or otherwise monetize. Our strategy includes working with inventors and patent owners to assist in the development and monetization of
their patented technologies. We may also enter into strategic relationships with third parties to develop, commercialize, license or
otherwise monetize their intellectual property. Our patent acquisition and development strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality
patents which management believes have the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities as we have achieved with respect
to our Remote Power Patent and Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. 

- 25 - 

On
March 25, 2022, we completed the acquisition of a new patent portfolio (the HFT Patent Portfolio) currently consisting of nine U.S. patents
and two pending U.S. patents (see Note I[2] to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report). 

 The
significant components of expenses impacting our net income include income tax expense as a result of transactions with our equity method
investment in ILiAD. Other significant components of expenses impacting our net income when revenue is recorded relate to contingent
legal fees and expenses related to our patent litigation (see Note I[1] to our consolidated financial statements included herein) and
incentive compensation payable to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to his employment agreement (see Note J to our consolidated
financial statements included herein), both such components of expenses are based on a percentage of the licensing revenue received by
us as a result of litigation or otherwise. 

 Our
annual and quarterly operating and financial results may fluctuate significantly from period to period as a result of a variety of factors
that are outside our control, including the timing and our ability to achieve successful outcomes of our patent litigation, our ability
and timing of consummating future license agreements for our intellectual property, and whether we will achieve a return on our investment
in ILiAD and the timing of any such return. 

 Our
future operating results may also be materially impacted by our ability to acquire high quality patents which management believes have
the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities. In the future, we may not be able to identify or consummate such patent
acquisitions or, if consummated, achieve significant licensing revenue with respect to such acquisitions. 

 In
2023 and future years we could be classified as a Personal Holding Company. If this is the case, we would be subject to a 20 tax on
the amount of any undistributed personal holding company income (as defined) for such year that we do not distribute to our shareholders
(see Note E to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report). 

 On
June 9, 2021, our Board of Directors approved the continuation of our dividend policy consisting of semi-annual cash dividends of 0.05
per share 0.10 per share annually) which have been paid in March and September of each year. In 2022 and 2021, we paid semi-annual
cash dividends in accordance with our dividend policy. At this time we anticipate continuing to pay dividends consistent with our policy.
However, our dividend policy undergoes a periodic review by our Board of Directors and is subject to change at any time depending upon
our financial requirements, earnings and other factors existing at the time (see Note O to our consolidated financial statements included
herein). 

- 26 - 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

 Revenue .
We had no revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 2022 as compared to revenue of 36,029,000 for the year ended
December 31, 2021 2021 ). Revenue for 2021 resulted from our resolution of a contractual dispute with Cisco concerning
licensing of our Remote Power Patent and our litigation settlement with Hewlett-Packard. 

 Operating
Expenses . Operating expenses for 2022 were 3,903,000 as compared to 16,443,000 for 2021. 

 We
had costs of revenue of -0- and 12,147,000 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Included in the costs of revenue for 2021 were contingent
legal fees of 10,346,000 and incentive bonus compensation of 1,801,000 payable to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant
to his employment agreement (see Note J[1] to our consolidated financial statements included herein). 

 Professional
fees and related costs were 809,000 for 2022 as compared to 1,500,000 for 2021 as a result of decreased expenses related to patent
litigation. 

 Stock-based
compensation was 585,000 for 2022 as compared to 238,000 for 2021. The increase in stock-based compensation expense was due to the
issuance of restricted stock units to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to his employment agreement (see Note J[1] to
our consolidated financial statements included herein). 

 Operating
(Loss) Income . We had an operating loss of 3,903,000 for 2022 compared with operating income of 19,586,000 for 2021. The operating
loss for 2022 was due to no revenue for the period as compared to revenue of 36,029,000 for 2021. 

 Interest
and Dividend Income . Interest and dividend income for 2022 was 1,020,000 as compared to 327,000 for 2021 primarily as a result
of a change in the mix of our short term fixed income investments and cash equivalents to higher yielding investments as interest rates
were rising in 2022. 

 Gain
on Conversion of Note . For 2022, we recorded a gain on conversion of our ILiAD convertible note of 271,000 as compared to -0- for
2021 as a result of the conversion of the ILiAD convertible note and accrued interest into equity of ILiAD (see Note H to our consolidated
financial statements included herein). 

 Gain
on Equity Method Investment . For 2022, we recorded a gain on our equity method investment in ILiAD of 3,883,000 as compared to -0-
for 2021, as a result of an unrealized gain in connection with ILiAD s August 2022 private offering, which was accounted for as
an observable price transaction (see Note B[6] and Note H to our consolidated financial statements included herein). 

- 27 - 

Realized
and Unrealized Loss on Marketable Securities. For 2022, we recorded realized and unrealized losses on marketable securities of 1,351,000
as compared to 173,000 for 2021. The increased loss of 1,178,000 was due to unfavorable market conditions in the fixed income mutual
funds market in 2022 compared to 2021. 

 Income
Taxes . For 2022, we had -0- current income tax for federal, state and local income taxes and a deferred tax expense of 607,000.
For 2021, we had a current tax expense for federal, state and local income taxes of 2,952,000 and a deferred tax expense of 1,508,000.
The net decrease of income tax expense of 3,853,000 was primarily due to no revenue in 2022. 

 Share
of Net Losses of Equity Method Investee . We incurred net losses of 1,639,000 and 999,000 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, related
to our equity method investment in ILiAD. The increase of 640,000 in the net losses of ILiAD includes an additional loss of 398,000
as a result of new information received from ILiAD in the fourth quarter of 2022 (see Note B[6] and Note H to our consolidated financial
statements included herein). 

 Net
(Loss) Income . As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of 2,326,000 or 0.10 per share basic and diluted for 2022 compared
with net income of 14,281,000 or 0.59 per share basic and 0.58 per share diluted for 2021. Our net loss for 2022 was due
to having no revenue and our continuing operating expenses supporting our patent portfolios, offset by our gain on equity method investment
of 3,883,000 and interest and dividend income of 1,020,000. In comparison, we had revenue of 36,029,000 for 2021 from the resolution
of our contractual dispute with Cisco and our litigation settlement with Hewlett-Packard. 

 LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

 We
have financed our operations primarily from revenue from licensing our patents. At December 31, 2022, our principal sources of liquidity
consisted of cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of 48,439,000 and working capital of 47,359,000. Based on our current
cash position, we believe that we will have sufficient cash to fund our operations for the next twelve months and the foreseeable future.
Material increases in our liquidity and capital resources are primarily dependent upon litigation outcomes and licensing of our intellectual
property as well as whether we will be able to achieve returns on our investment in ILiAD. 

 Working
capital decreased by 8,306,000 at December 31, 2022 to 47,359,000 as compared to working capital of 55,665,000 at December 31,
2021. The decrease in working capital was primarily due to our operating loss of 3,903,000, payment of income taxes of 3,004,000,
cash dividends paid of 2,455,000, and an additional investment of 1,000,000 in ILiAD. 

- 28 - 

Net
cash (used in) provided by operating activities for 2022 decreased by 24,935,000 from 19,499,000 provided by operating activities for
2021 to 5,436,000 used in operating activities for 2022, primarily due to no revenue in 2022 as compared to revenue of 36,029,000 for
2021. In addition, in 2022 we paid 3,004,000 in income taxes related to 2021 taxable income. 

 Net
cash (used in) provided by investing activities during 2022 was (22,271,000) as compared to 2,994,000 for 2021, primarily as a result
of the differential of increased purchases and decreased sales of marketable securities. 

 Net
cash used in financing activities for 2022 and 2021 was 3,342,000 and 3,501,000, respectively. The reduction of 159,000 primarily
resulted from repurchases of our common stock of 534,000 for 2022 compared to 1,077,000 of repurchases for 2021 and offset by an increase
of 341,000 in the value of shares delivered to fund withholding taxes for 2022. 

 We
maintain our cash in money market funds, government securities, certificates of deposit, and short-term fixed income securities. Accordingly,
we do not believe that our investments have significant exposure to interest rate risk. 

 OFF-BALANCE
SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

 We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 CONTRACTUAL
OBLIGATIONS 

 We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, purchase obligations or other long-term liabilities except for our lease obligations
for our principal office space (see Note I[4] to our consolidated financial statement included herein). 

 CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

 Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are based on our audited consolidated financial
statements which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting periods. The significant estimates and assumptions made in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements include
revenue recognition, contingent legal fees and related expenses, income taxes, valuation of patents and equity method investments. Actual
results could be materially different from those estimates, upon which the carrying values were based. See also Note B to our consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report for full disclosure of our accounting policies. 

- 29 - 

We
believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates to be the following: 

 Equity
Method Investments 

 Equity
method investments are equity securities in entities that we do not control but over which we have the ability to exercise significant
influence. These investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting in accordance with ASC 323, Investments 
Equity Method and Joint Ventures (see Note B[6] hereof). Equity method investments are measured at cost minus impairment,
if any, plus or minus our share of an investee s income or loss, and adjustments based on the investees observable price transactions,
if any. Our proportionate share of the income or loss from equity method investments is recognized on a one-quarter lag. When our carrying
value in an equity method investment is reduced to zero, no further losses are recorded in our financial statements unless we guaranteed
obligations of the investee company or have committed additional funding. When the investee company subsequently reports income, we will
not record our share of such income until it equals the amount of our share of losses not previously recognized. In the event the equity
method investee enters into an observable price transaction, the Company will increase or decrease the carrying value in its equity method
investment based on the transaction price. Upon sale of equity method investments, the difference between sales proceeds and the carrying
amount of the equity investment is recognized in profit or loss. In determining whether an equity method investment is impaired,
we take into consideration a variety of factors including the operating and financial performance of the investee, the investee s
future business plans and projections, discussions with the investee s management, and our intent and ability to hold the investment
until it recovers in value. Accordingly, we make assumptions and estimates in assessing whether an impairment has occurred and if, in
the future, our assumptions and estimates made in assessing the fair value of these investments change, this could result in a material
decrease in the carrying value of the investment. This would cause us to write-down the carrying value of the investment and could have
a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period the impairment charge is taken. 

 Income
Taxes 

 We
account for income taxes in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic
740, Income Taxes (ASC 740), which requires us to use the assets and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the assets
and liability method, deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary (timing) differences by applying enacted
statutory tax rates applicable to future years to differences between financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing
assets and liabilities and operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Under this accounting standard, the effect on deferred income
taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is recognized
if it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. In evaluating the need for a valuation
allowance, we estimate future taxable income based on management business plans. This process involves significant management judgment
about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period. Because the recognition of deferred tax assets requires management
to make significant judgments about future earnings, the periods in which items will impact taxable income and the application of inherently
complex tax laws, we have identified the assessment of deferred tax assets and the need for any related valuation allowance as a critical
accounting estimate. 

- 30 - 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

 Not
applicable. 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 The
consolidated financial statements required hereby are located on pages F-1 through F-23 which follow Part III. 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

 None. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

 (a) 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 Our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based
upon this review, our executive officers concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or
submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in
applicable rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 (b)
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

(i) Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 Our
management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of the
Company, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is defined as a process
designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s principal executive and principal financial officer and effected by the
board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the 

- 31 - 

preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that,
in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

 Management,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of the end of the period covered by
this report. 

 (ii)
 Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and as such, are not required to provide the information contained in this sub-section pursuant to Item 308(b) of Regulation S-K. Accordingly,
this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. 

 (iii) Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

 There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022,
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. OTHER
 INFORMATION 

 None. 

- 32 - 

ITEM
 9C. DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

 Not
Applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following information includes information each director and executive officer has given us about his or her age, all positions he or
she holds, his or her principal occupation and business experience for at least the past five years, and the names of other publicly-held
companies of which he or she currently serves as a director or has served as a director during the past five years. In addition to the
information presented regarding each director s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led our Board to
the conclusion that he or she should serve as a director, we also believe that all of our directors have a reputation for integrity,
honesty and adherence to high ethical standards. They each have demonstrated business acumen, exercise sound judgment, and a commitment
of service to Network-1 and our Board. 

 Information
about the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer and director appears in this Annual Report
under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters beginning
on page 43 hereof. There are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers. 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Corey
 M. Horowitz 
 68 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Jonathan
 E. Greene 
 61 
 Executive
 Vice President, Secretary and a Director 
 
 Robert
 M. Mahan 
 56 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Emanuel
 R. Pearlman 
 63 
 Director 
 
 Niv
 Harizman 
 58 
 Director 
 
 Allison
 Hoffman 
 52 
 Director 

- 33 - 

Corey
M. Horowitz has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since December 2003. Mr. Horowitz has also served as Chairman of our
Board of Directors since January 1996 and has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1994. In December 2018, Mr. Horowitz
became a member of the Board of Managers of ILiAD Biotechnologies, LLC, a privately held biotechnology company, in connection with our
investment in the company (see Business-Investment in ILiAD Biotechnologies at page 9 of this Annual Report). Mr. Horowitz
is also a member of the Life Sciences Institute Leadership Council at the University of Michigan. We believe Mr. Horowitz s
qualifications to serve on our Board of Directors include his significant experience and expertise as an executive in the intellectual
property field, his understanding of our intellectual property and the patent acquisition, licensing and enforcement business combined
with his private equity and corporate transactional experience. 

 Jonathan
E. Greene became our Executive Vice President in October 2013 and our Secretary and a member of our Board of Directors in September
2022. He served as a consultant to the Company from December 2004 until March 2013, providing technical and marketing analysis for our
intellectual property portfolio. Mr. Greene became an employee of Network-1 in March 2013. From April 2006 to February 2009,
Mr. Greene served as a marketing consultant for Avatier Corporation, a developer of identity management software. From August 2003
until December 2004, he served as a consultant to Neartek, Inc., a storage management software company (August 2003 until October 2003)
and Kavado Inc., a security software company (November 2003 until December 2004). We believe Mr. Greene s qualifications to serve
on our Board include his engineering and technical expertise to assist us in our patent acquisition, licensing and enforcement business. 

 Robert
M. Mahan became our Chief Financial Officer in December 2022. Mr. Mahan currently serves as President of Management and Financial
Services, Inc., a consulting firm that he founded in 2011 which provides general management, financial and operations consulting services
to private and public companies. From May 2021 to February 2022, Mr. Mahan served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Loft Orbital
Solutions, Inc., a space infrastructure company that designs, launches and operates low earth orbit satellites. From April 2019 to May
2021, he served as the Interim Chief Financial Officer of XWELL, Inc., formerly XpresSpa Group, Inc., (NASDAQ: XWEL), a global health
and wellness holding company operating XpresCheck , XpresSpa , and Treat locations in airports. From November 2016 through
April 2019, Mr. Mahan served as the Chief Financial Officer of SkyBell Technologies, Inc., a company engaged in the video doorbell and
smart home industry. Mr. Mahan began his career in the audit practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1989 through 1992 and as a Controller/Division
Chief Financial Officer of Tommy Hilfiger USA, Inc. from 1992 2001. 

 Emanuel
R. Pearlman has been a member of our Board of Directors since January 2012, where he serves as Chairman of our Audit Committee and
a member of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Pearlman currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Liberation Investment Group, a New York based investment management and financial consulting firm, which he founded in January 2003.
In March 2023, Mr. Pearlman became a member of the Board of Directors of QualTek 

- 34 - 

Services
Inc. (NASDAQ:QTEK, a leading turnkey provider of infrastructure services to North American 5G wireless, telecom, power grid modernization
and renewable energy sectors. Mr. Pearlman also serves as a member of the Special Committee of the Board to review and approve strategic
and financial alternatives. In March 2023, Mr. Pearlman also became a member of the Board of Directors of MidCap Financial Investment
Corporation (NASDAQ:MFIC), a closed-end externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be treated
as a business development company. Mr. Pearlman also serves on the Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Compensation Committee
of MidCap Financial Investment Corp. In February 2023, Mr. Pearlman became a member of the Board of Directors of Diebold Nixdorf, Inc.
(NYSE: DBD), a multinational financial and retail technology company, and serves as a member of its Finance Committee and the People
and Compensation Committee. From March 2022 to April 2022, he was a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Strategic Review
Committee of Red Box Entertainment, Inc. (NASDAQ:RDBX), an entertainment company that provides consumers access to a large variety of
content across digital and physical media. From October 2020 to September 2021, Mr. Pearlman was a member of the Board of Directors of
Atlas Crest Investment Corp. (NYSE:ACIC) and during the period February 2021 until June 2022, he served on the Board of Directors of
Atlas Crest Investment Corp. II (NYSE:ACII), each entity is a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC). Mr. Pearlman served as Chairman
of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation Committee and Nomination Governance Committee of Atlas Crest Investment
Corp. until September 2021 and held the same committee positions for Atlas Crest Investment Corp. II until June 2022. Mr. Pearlman served
as Executive Chairman of Empire Resorts, Inc. (NASDAQ:NYNY) from June 2016 until November 2019, served as Non-Executive Chairman of the
Board from September 2010 through May 2016, and served on the Board of Directors from May 2010 to November 2019. Mr. Pearlman was a member
of the Board of Directors of CEVA Logistics, AG (SIX:CEVA) from May 2018 until October 2019 and served on its Audit Committee from May
2018 through October 2019 and its Nomination and Governance Committee from May 2018 through May 2019. We believe Mr. Pearlman s
qualifications to serve on our Board include his significant investment and financial experience and expertise combined with his Board
experience. 

 Niv
Harizman has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2012. Mr. Harizman is a Managing Member of Tyto Capital Partners
LLC, a private investment firm specializing in debt and equity investments in middle market companies and special situations, a position
he has held since August 2010. Since March 2010, Mr. Harizman has also been the Managing Member of NHK Partners LLC, an entity that makes
private investments and provides consulting services. Since November 2013, Mr. Harizman has been affiliated with Riverside Management
Group, a merchant banking firm, and BCW Securities LLC, its affiliated broker-dealer. We believe Mr. Harizman s qualifications
to serve on our Board include his significant investment and financial transactional experience and expertise. 

 Allison
Hoffman has been a member of our Board of Directors since December 2012. Since August 2020, Ms. Hoffman has served as General Counsel
of Phreesia, Inc. (NYSE:PHR), a leading provider of software solutions that healthcare organizations use to manage the patient intake
process. From January 2016 until August 2020, Ms. Hoffman served as Chief Legal Officer and Chief Administrative Officer at Intersection
Parent, Inc., an urban experience company that utilizes technology to make cities better, including bringing free Wi-Fi throughout New
York City. We believe that Ms. Hoffman s qualifications to serve on our Board include her extensive legal background
and transactional experience. 

- 35 - 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

 Our
Board of Directors currently has four standing committees: an Audit Committee; a Compensation Committee; a Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and a Strategic Development Committee. Each of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee has a charter. These charters are available on our website at: http://ir.Network-1.com/governance-docs .
Each member of each committee is an independent director under the standards of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide. Three
of our current five directors, Emanuel Pearlman, Allison Hoffman and Niv Harizman, are considered independent directors under Rule 803A(2)
of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide. 

 Audit
Committee 

 Our
Board of Directors has a separately standing audit committee in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended, and Section 803B of the NYSE American Company LLC Guide consisting of Emanuel Pearlman (Chairman) and Allison Hoffman. Emanuel
Pearlman qualifies as an audit committee financial expert under applicable SEC rules. Mr. Pearlman and Ms. Hoffman qualify
as independent as independence for audit committee members is defined under Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and Section 803B(2) of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide. 

 The
Audit Committee is appointed by our Board of Directors to provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility
with respect to, among other things, (i) the integrity of our financial statements, (ii) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements,
(iii) selecting and evaluating the qualifications and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm, (iv) evaluating
the performance of our internal audit function and independent registered public accounting firm, and (v) our internal controls and procedures. 

 Compensation
Committee 

 The
Compensation Committee consists of Allison Hoffman (Chair) and Niv Harizman. The Compensation Committee is appointed by our Board of
Directors to assist the Board in carrying out its responsibilities relating to compensation of our executive officers and directors. The
Committee has overall responsibility for evaluating and approving the officer and director compensation plans, policies and our programs. 

- 36 - 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

 Our
Board has a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consisting of Niv Harizman (Chairman) and Emanuel Pearlman. The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other things, developing and recommending to the Board a set
of corporate governance policies for the Company, establishing criteria for selecting new directors, and identifying, screening and recruiting
new directors. The Committee also recommends to the Board nominees for directors and recommends directors for committee membership to
the Board. 

 Strategic
Development Committee 

 We
also have a Strategic Development Committee to assist our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in strategic development and planning
of our business relating to identifying potential strategic partners, the acquisition of new IP and other acquisition opportunities. The
Committee also assists in capital markets related activities. Niv Harizman is the sole member of the Strategic Development Committee. 

 Code
of Ethics 

 We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our executive officers, directors and employees. Copies of the Code of Ethics may
be obtained, without charge, upon written request addressed to: Network-1 Technologies, Inc., 65 Locust Avenue, Third Floor, New Canaan,
Connecticut 06840, Attn: Chief Executive Officer. 

- 37 - 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

 The
following table summarizes compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, awarded to, earned by or paid to
our Chief Executive Officer CEO and to each of our executive officers who received total compensation in excess of 100,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022 for services rendered in all capacities to us (collectively, the Named Executive Officers ). 

 Summary
Compensation Table 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock 
 Awards( (3) 
 All
 Other Compensation( (1) 
 Total( 

Corey M. Horowitz 
 2022 
 535,000 
 175,000 (2) 
 1,102,940 
 109,675 (4) 
 1,922,615 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 535,000 
 1,976,000 (2) 
 
 38,500 (4) 
 2,549,500 

David C. Kahn 
 2022 
 175,000 

17,282 (5) 
 192,282 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 175,000 
 22,500 
 
 29,291 (5) 
 226,791 

Jonathan Greene 
 2022 
 200,000 
 25,000 
 41,100 (3) 
 20,419 (6) 
 286,519 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 2021 
 200,000 
 40,000 
 
 36,120 (6) 
 276,120 

______________________________________________ 

(1) We
 have concluded that the aggregate amount of perquisites and other personal benefits paid
 in 2022 and 2021 to either Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Kahn or Mr. Greene did not exceed 10,000. 

(2) Mr.
 Horowitz received for 2022 an annual discretionary bonus of 175,000. Mr. Horowitz received
 the following cash incentive bonus payments for 2021: (i) an annual discretionary bonus of
 175,000 and (ii) incentive bonus compensation of 1,801,000 pursuant to his employment agreement
 (see Employment Agreements Termination of Employment Agreement and Change
 in Control Arrangements below). 

(3) The
 amounts in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock
 units awards granted to the Named Executive Officers computed in accordance with FASB ASC
 Topic 718. In accordance with SEC rules, the grant date fair value of an award that is subject
 to a performance condition is based on the probable outcome of the performance condition.
 See Note B[10] to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for
 a discussion of the assumptions made by the Company in determining the grant date fair value. 

(4) Includes
 401(k) matching funds contributions by the Company and profit sharing under the Company's
 401(k) Plan for the benefit of Mr. Horowitz of 40,500 for 2022 and 38,500 for 2021, respectively.
 Also includes dividends (dividend equivalent rights) on restricted stock units owned by Mr.
 Horowitz for 2022 of 69,175 and 2021 of -0-. 

(5) Includes
 profit sharing under the Company's 401(k) Plan for the benefit of Mr. Kahn of 17,282 for
 2022 and 28,728 for 2021. Also includes dividends (dividend equivalent rights)
 on restricted stock units owned by Mr. Kahn for 2022 and 2021 of -0- and 563, respectively.
 Mr. Kahn retired as Chief Financial Officer of the Company on December 21, 2022. 

(6) Represents
 profit sharing under the Company's 401(k) Plan for the benefit of Mr. Greene of 20,419 for
 2022 and 35,201 for 2021. Also includes dividends (dividend equivalent rights)
 on restricted stock units owned by Mr. Greene for 2022 and 2021 of -0- and 919, respectively. 

- 38 - 

Narrative
Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table 

 Employment
Agreements, Termination of Employment and Change-In-Control Arrangements 

 On
March 22, 2022, we entered into a new employment agreement Agreement with Corey M. Horowitz, our Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, pursuant to which he continues to serve as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for a four year term Term ),
at an annual base salary of 535,000 which shall be increased by 3 per annum during the Term. The Agreement established an annual target
bonus of 175,000 for our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based upon performance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer received an annual discretionary bonus of 175,000. 

 In
addition, pursuant to the Agreement, we granted to our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, under our 2013 Plan, 600,000 restricted
stock units (the RSUs , each RSU awarded by us to our officers, directors and consultants represents a contingent right
to receive one share of our common stock) which terms provided for vesting in four tranches, as follows: (1) 175,000 RSUs which
shall vest 100,000 RSUs on March 22, 2023 and 75,000 RSUs on March 22, 2024, subject to Mr. Horowitz s continued employment by
us through each such vesting date (the Employment Condition ( Tranche 1 (2) 150,000 RSUs shall vest if
at any time during the Term our common stock achieves a closing price for twenty (20) consecutive trading days Closing Price of a minimum of 3.50 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits) and the Employment Condition is satisfied through the date such
minimum per share Closing Price is achieved Tranche 2 (3) 150,000 RSUs shall vest if at any time during the Term
our common stock achieves a Closing Price of a minimum of 4.00 per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits) and the Employment
Condition is satisfied through the date such minimum per share Closing Price is achieved Tranche 3 and (4) 125,000
RSUs shall vest if at any time during the Term, our common stock achieves a Closing Price of a minimum of 4.50 per share (subject to
adjustment for stock splits) and the Employment Condition is satisfied through the date such minimum per share Closing Price is achieved Tranche 4 ). In the event of a Change of Control (as defined), Termination Other Than for Cause (as defined)
or a termination by Mr. Horowitz for Good Reason (as defined) in each case prior to the last day of the Term, the vesting of all RSUs
(Tranches 1, 2, 3 and 4) shall accelerate (and not be subject to any conditions) and all RSUs shall become immediately fully vested.
All RSUs granted by us to our officers, directors or consultants have dividend equivalent rights. 

 Under
the terms of the Agreement, so long as Mr. Horowitz continues to serve as an executive officer of the Company, whether pursuant to the
Agreement or otherwise, Mr. Horowitz shall also receive incentive compensation in an amount equal to 5 of our gross royalties or other
payments from Licensing Activities (as defined) (without deduction of legal fees or any other expenses) with respect to our Remote Power
Patent and a 10 net interest (gross royalties and other payments after deduction of all legal fees and litigation expenses related to
licensing, enforcement and sale activities, but in no event shall he receive less than 6.25 of the gross recovery) of our royalties
and other payments relating to Licensing Activities with respect to patents other than our Remote Power Patent (including all of our
existing patent portfolios and our investment in ILiAD) (collectively, the Incentive Compensation ). During the year ended
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, Mr. Horowitz earned Incentive Compensation of -0- and 1,801,000, respectively. 

- 39 - 

The
Incentive Compensation shall continue to be paid to Mr. Horowitz for the life of each of our patents with respect to licenses entered
into with third parties during the Term or at any time thereafter, whether he is employed by us or not; provided, that, the employment
of Mr. Horowitz has not been terminated by us For Cause (as defined) or terminated by him without Good Reason 
(as defined). In the event of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets, we have the option to extinguish the right of Mr.
Horowitz to receive future Incentive Compensation by payment to him of a lump sum payment, in an amount equal to the fair market value
of such future interest as determined by an independent third party expert if the parties do not reach agreement as to such value. In
the event that Mr. Horowitz s employment is terminated by us Other Than For Cause (as defined) or by him for Good
Reason (as defined), Mr. Horowitz shall also be entitled to (i) a lump sum severance payment of 12 months base salary, (ii) a
pro-rated portion of the 175,000 target bonus provided bonus criteria have been satisfied on a pro-rated basis through the calendar
quarter in which the termination occurs and (iii) accelerated vesting of all unvested options, RSUs or other awards. 

 In
connection with the Agreement, Mr. Horowitz has also agreed not to compete with us as follows: (i) during the Term and for a period of
12 months thereafter if his employment is terminated Other Than For Cause (as defined) provided he is paid his 12 month
base salary severance amount and (ii) for a period of two years from the termination date, if terminated For Cause by us
or Without Good Reason by Mr. Horowitz. 

 Jonathan
Greene serves as our Executive Vice President and Secretary on an at-will basis at an annual base salary of 200,000. Mr. Greene received
a discretionary annual bonus of 25,000 for 2022 and 40,000 in 2021. On December 29, 2020, Mr. Greene was granted 10,000 RSUs under
the 2013 Plan, 50 of such RSUs vested on the one year anniversary of the date of grant (December 29, 2021) and 50 of such RSUs vested
on the two year anniversary of the grant (December 29, 2022). On January 18, 2022, Mr. Greene was granted 15,000 RSUs under the 2022
Plan, 50 of such RSUs vested on the one year anniversary of the date of grant (January 18, 2023) and 50 of such RSUs vest on the
two year anniversary of the grant (January 18, 2024), subject to Mr. Greene s continued employment. 

 David
Kahn served as our Chief Financial Officer on an at-will basis at an annual base salary of 175,000, until his retirement in December
2022. On December 29, 2020, Mr. Kahn was granted 7,500 RSUs under the 2013 Plan, 50 of such RSUs vested on the one year anniversary
of the grant (December 29, 2021) and 50 of such RSUs vested on the two year anniversary of the grant (December 29, 2022). In connection
with his retirement, Mr. Kahn was granted severance of six months base salary and certain other benefits. 

- 40 - 

Robert
Mahan serves as our Chief Financial Officer as of December 21, 2022 on a consulting basis at an annual compensation of 175,000. 

 Profit
Sharing 401(k) Plan 

 We
offer all employees who have completed a year of service (as defined) participation in a 401(k) retirement savings plan, which provides
a tax-advantaged method of saving for retirement. We expensed matching contributions and profit sharing of 78,000 and 102,000 under
the 401(k) plan for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 Director
Compensation 

 In
2022, we compensated each non-management director of our Company by granting to each such outside director 15,000 RSUs. The RSUs vested
in equal amounts of 3,750 RSUs on each of March 15, 2022, June 15, 2022, September 15, 2022 and December 15, 2022. In addition, we pay
our non-management directors cash director fees of 40,000 per annum 10,000 per quarter). Non-management directors also receive additional
cash compensation on an annual basis for serving on the following Board committees: The Audit Committee Chairperson receives 7,500 and
members receive 5,000; the Chairperson and members of each of the Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
receive annual fees of 3,750 and 2,500, respectively. 

 The
following table sets forth the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to all persons who served as members of our Board of Directors
(other than our Named Executive Officers) during the year ended December 31, 2022. No director who is also a Named Executive Officer
received any compensation for services as a director in 2022. 

Name 
 
 Fees
 earned or 
 paid in cash ) (1) 
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 ) (2)
 (3) 
 
 All
 other 
 compensation ) (4) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Emanuel
 Pearlman 
 
 50,000 
 
 38,250 
 
 1,125 
 
 89,375 
 
 Niv
 Harizman 
 
 46,250 
 
 38,250 
 
 725 
 
 85,250 
 
 Allison
 Hoffman 
 
 48,185 
 
 38,250 
 
 1,125 
 
 87,560 
 
 ___________________________ 

(1) Represents
 directors fees payable in cash to each non-management director of 10,000 per quarter
 40,000 per annum) for 2022 plus additional cash fees for serving on Board committees as
 disclosed above. 

(2) The
 amounts included in this column represent the grant date fair value of restricted stock unit
 awards (RSUs) granted to directors, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a
 discussion of valuation assumptions see Note B[10] to our consolidated financial statements
 included in this Annual Report. The 15,000 RSUs granted to each non-management director vested
 on a quarterly basis beginning March 15, 2022. Each restricted stock unit represents the
 contingent right to receive one share of common stock. 

(3) As
 of December 31, 2022, no stock options were owned by any of the above listed directors. 

(4) Includes
 payment of dividends (dividend equivalent rights) on RSUs for 2022. 

- 41 - 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

 The
following table sets forth information relating to outstanding equity awards consisting of unvested restricted stock units for each Named
Executive Officer as of December 31, 2022 (there were no outstanding stock options): 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised 
 Options 
 Option
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: Market value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not
 vested (1) ) 

Exercisable 
 Unexercisable 
 
 Corey
 M. Horowitz 
 Chairman
 and CEO 

600,000 (2) 
 1,320,000 
 
 Jonathan
 Greene 
 Executive
 Vice President 

15,000 (3) 
 33,000 
 
 ________________________________ 

(1) In
 accordance with SEC rules, market value is based on 2.20 per share representing the closing
 price of our common stock on the last trading day of the year. 

(2) Represents
 600,000 restricted stock units, the terms of the vesting of such restricted stock units are
 disclosed on page 39 under Employment Agreements - Termination of Employment and Change-In-Control
 Arrangements. 

(3) Represents
 15,000 restricted stock units, which vested 7,500 restricted stock units on January 18, 2023
 and will vest 7,500 restricted stock units on January 18, 2024, subject to Mr. Greene s
 continued employment. 

- 42 - 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

 The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 10, 2023 for (i) each of our
directors, (ii) each of our executive officers, (iii) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding
shares of common stock, and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNER 
 
 AMOUNT AND NATURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP (1)(2) 

PERCENTAGE OF COMMON STOCK BENEFICIALLY OWNED (2) 

Executive Officers and Directors : Corey M. Horowitz (3) 

6,782,292 

28.4 

CMH Capital Management Corp. (4) 

2,291,372 

9.6 

Niv Harizman (5) 

290,985 

1.2 

Emanuel Pearlman (6) 

117,059 

Jonathan E. Greene (7) 

93,945 

Allison Hoffman (8) 

79,311 

Robert Mahan 

All officers and directors as a group (6 Persons) 

7,363,592 

30.8 

5 Stockholders: 

Steven D. Heinemann (9) 

2,052,769 

8.6 

Goose Hill Capital LLC (10) 

1,467,636 

6.2 

_____________________________________ 

Less
than 1 . 

(1) Unless
 otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the above table have sole voting
 and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock beneficially owned by
 them. Unless otherwise indicated the address for each listed beneficial owner is c/o Network-1
 Technologies, Inc., 65 Locust Avenue, Third Floor, New Canaan, Connecticut 06840. 

(2) A
 person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of shares of common stock that can be acquired
 by such person within 60 days from March 10, 2023 upon the exercise of stock options or restricted
 stock units that vest within such 60 day period. Each beneficial owner's percentage ownership
 is determined by assuming that all stock options and restricted stock units held by such
 person (but not those held by any other person) and which are exercisable or vest within
 60 days from March 10, 2023 have been exercised or vested. Assumes a base
 of 23,790,005 shares of our common stock outstanding as of March 10, 2023. 

- 43 - 

(3) Includes
 (i) 3,868,909 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Horowitz, (ii) 100,000 shares of common
 stock subject to restricted stock units that vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023 (iii) 2,157,097
 shares of common stock held by CMH Capital Management Corp., an entity solely owned by Mr.
 Horowitz, (iv) 134,275 shares of common stock owned by the CMH Capital Management Corp. Profit
 Sharing Plan, of which Mr. Horowitz is the trustee, (v) 67,470 shares of common stock
 owned by Donna Slavitt, the wife of Mr. Horowitz, (vi) an aggregate of 452,250 shares of
 common stock held by two trusts and a custodian account for the benefit of Mr. Horowitz s
 three children, and (vii) 2,291 shares of common stock held by Horowitz Partners, a general
 partnership of which Mr. Horowitz is a partner. Does not include 500,000 restricted stock
 units owned by Mr. Horowitz that do not vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023. 

(4) Includes
 2,157,097 shares of common stock owned by CMH Capital Management Corp. and 134,275 shares
 of common stock owned by CMH Capital Management Corp. Profit Sharing Plan. Corey
 M. Horowitz, by virtue of being the sole officer, director and shareholder of CMH Capital
 Management Corp. and the trustee of the CMH Capital Management Corp. Profit Sharing Plan,
 has the sole power to vote and dispose of the shares of common stock owned by CMH Capital
 Management Corp. and the CMH Capital Management Corp. Profit Sharing Plan. 

(5) Includes
 (i) 287,235 shares of common stock and (ii) 3,750 shares of common stock subject to restricted
 stock units that vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023. Does not include 11,250 shares of
 common stock subject to restricted stock units owned by Mr. Harizman that do not vest within
 60 days from March 10, 2023. 

(6) Includes
 (i) 113,309 shares of common stock and (ii) 3,750 shares of common stock subject to restricted
 stock units that vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023. Does not include 11,250 shares of
 common stock subject to restricted stock units owned by Mr. Pearlman that do not vest within
 60 days from March 10, 2023. 

(7) Includes
 93,945 shares of common stock. Does not include 22,500 shares of common stock
 subject to restricted stock units owned by Mr. Greene that do not vest within 60 days from
 March 10, 2023. 

(8) Includes
 (i) 75,561 shares of common stock and (ii) 3,750 shares of common stock subject to restricted
 stock units that vest within 60 days of March 10, 2023. Does not include 11,250 shares of
 common stock subject to restricted stock units owned by Ms. Hoffman that do not vest within
 60 days from March 10, 2023. 

(9) Includes
 585,133 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Heinemann and 1,467,636 shares of common
 stock owned by Goose Hill Capital LLC. Goose Hill Capital LLC is a limited liability company
 of which Mr. Heinemann is the sole member. Mr. Heinemann, by virtue of being the sole
 member of Goose Hill Capital LLC, has the sole power to vote and dispose of the shares of
 common stock owned by Goose Hill Capital LLC. The aforementioned beneficial ownership is
 based upon Amendment No. 10 to Schedule 13G filed by Mr. Heinemann with the SEC on February
 14, 2023. The address for Mr. Heinemann is c/o Goose Hill Capital, LLC, 12378
 Indian Road, North Palm Beach, Florida 33408. 

(10) Includes
 1,467,636 shares of common stock. Steven D. Heinemann, by virtue of being the sole member
 of Goose Hill Capital LLC, has the sole power to vote and dispose of the shares of common
 stock owned by Goose Hill Capital LLC. The aforementioned beneficial ownership is based upon
 Amendment No. 10 to Schedule 13G filed by Mr. Heinemann with the SEC on February 14,
 2023. The address for Goose Hill Capital LLC is 12378 Indian Road, North Palm Beach, Florida
 33408. 

- 44 - 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

 On
June 1, 2022, we repurchased from Allison Hoffman, a director of the Company, 41,500 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of
 2.42 per share for an aggregate purchase price of 100,430. 

 Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

 The
Audit Committee has responsibility for reviewing and approving related-persons transactions in accordance with its charter. A related
person is any executive officer, director, nominee for director or more than 5 stockholder of the Company, including immediate family
members, and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. In addition, pursuant to our Code of Ethics, all of our officers, directors
and employees are to avoid conflicts of interest and to refrain from taking part or exercising influence in any transaction in which
such party s personal interest may conflict with the best interest of the Company. Except for provisions of the Audit
Committee Charter, there are no written procedures governing review of related-persons transactions. 

 Director
Independence 

 Three
of our five directors, Emanuel Pearlman, Niv Harizman and Allison Hoffman, are considered independent directors in compliance with the
standard of independence in Section 803A(2) of the NYSE American LLC Company Guide. 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

 Audit
Fees 

 Marcum
LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm as of October 11, 2022, billed us aggregate fees of 103,200 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of our financial statements included in our Form 10 Q
for the three months ended September 30, 2022 and for other services in connection with statutory or regulatory filings. Friedman LLP,
our independent registered public accounting firm until October 11, 2022, billed us aggregate fees of 48,832 and 135,535 for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for the audit of our financial statements for 2021, review of our financial statements
included in our Form 10 Qs and for other services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. 

 Tax
Fees and Other Fees 

 Marcum
LLP provided various tax and compliance services for which it billed us 30,320 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Friedman LLP provided
various tax and compliance services for which it billed us 3,271 and 22,890, respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
December 31, 2021 which included preparation of our tax returns. Marcum LLP and Friedman LLP did not render any other professional services
other than those discussed above for 2022. 

 Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

 Our
audit committee charter provides that our audit committee must comply with SEC rules to maintain auditor independence as set forth in
Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i) of Regulation S-X. The Audit Committee has a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services to
be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All the services above were approved in advance by our Board of Directors. 

- 45 - 

NETWORK-1
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent
 Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB Firm ID and 711) 
 F-1 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

- 46 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Network-1
Technologies, Inc 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022) 

March 30, 2023 

F-1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Network-1
Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor from 2014 to 2022. 

New
York, New York 
March 30, 2022 

F-2 

NETWORK-1
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS: 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities, at fair value 

Prepaid taxes 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Patents, net of accumulated amortization 

Equity investment 

Convertible note investment 

Operating leases right of use asset 

Security deposits 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued contingency fees and related costs 

Accrued payroll 

Other accrued expenses 

Operating lease obligations, current 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

Deferred tax liability 

Operating lease obligation, non-current 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (See Note I) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Preferred
 stock, par value; authorized shares; 
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common
 stock, par value; authorized shares; 
 and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021,
 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F-3 

NETWORK-1
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 REVENUE 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Costs of revenue 

Professional fees and related costs 

General and administrative 

Amortization of patents 

TOTAL OPERATING
 EXPENSES 

OPERATING INCOME (LOSS) 

OTHER
 INCOME 

Interest and dividend income, net 

Gain on conversion of note 

Gain on equity method investment 

Net realized and unrealized loss
 on marketable securities 

Total other income, net 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES
 AND SHARE OF NET LOSSES OF EQUITY METHOD INVESTEE 

INCOME TAXES PROVISION: 

Current 

Deferred taxes, net 

Total income taxes expense 

(LOSS)
 INCOME BEFORE SHARE OF NET LOSSES OF EQUITY
 METHOD INVESTEE: 

SHARE OF NET LOSSES OF EQUITY METHOD INVESTEE 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

Net (Loss) Income Per Share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Cash dividends declared per share 

NET (LOSS) INCOME 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net unrealized holding loss on
 corporate bonds and notes arising during the year, net of tax 

COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F-4 

NETWORK-1
 TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 

Total
 Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Balance January 1, 2021 

Dividends and dividend equivalents declared 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Value of shares delivered to pay withholding taxes 

Treasury stock purchased and retired 

Net unrealized loss on corporate bonds and notes 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Dividends and dividend equivalents declared 

Stock-based compensation 

Vesting of restricted stock units 

Cashless exercise of stock options 

Value of shares delivered to pay exercise price and withholding taxes 

Treasury stock purchased and retired 

Net unrealized loss on corporate bonds and notes 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F-5 

NETWORK-1
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash 
used in operating activities: 

Amortization of patents 

Stock-based compensation 

Loss allocated from equity investment 

Deferred tax expense 

Amortization of right of use asset, net 

Gain on equity method investment 

Accrued interest on convertible note 

Gain on conversion of note 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 

Changes in operating assets and
 liabilities: 

Other current assets 

Prepaid taxes 

Accounts payable 

Income taxes payable 

Security deposit 

Operating lease obligations 

Accrued expenses 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Sales of marketable securities 

Purchases of marketable securities 

Development of patents 

Equity Investment 

Convertible note investment 

NET CASH (USED IN) PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash dividends paid 

Value of shares delivered to fund withholding taxes 

Repurchases of common stock, inclusive
 of commissions 

NET CASH USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND
 CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of
 year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the years for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITY 

Accrued dividend rights on restricted
 stock units 

Right of use asset obtained in
 exchange for lease liability 

Conversion of note receivable 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 

F-6 

NETWORK-1
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

U.S. patents, fifty-two of such patents have expired, and eight foreign patents related to (i) the Cox patent portfolio (the Cox Patent Portfolio) relating to enabling technology for
identifying media content on the Internet and taking further actions to be performed after such identification; (ii) the M2M/IoT
patent portfolio (the M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio relating to, among other things, enabling technology for
authenticating, provisioning and using embedded SIM (Subscriber Identification Module)technology in next generation IoT,
Machine-to-Machine, and other mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets and computers; (iii) the HFT patent portfolio (the
 HFT Patent Portfolio covering certain advanced technologies relating to high frequency trading, which inventions
specifically address technological problems associated with speed and latency and provide critical latency gains in trading systems
where the difference between success and failure may be measured in nanoseconds; (iv) the Mirror Worlds patent portfolio (the
 Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio relating to foundational technologies that enable unified search and indexing,
displaying and archiving of documents in a computer system; and (v) the remote power patent (the Remote Power Patent covering delivery of Power over Ethernet (PoE) cables for the purpose of remotely powering network devices, such as wireless access
ports, IP phones and network based cameras. 

 The
Company s current strategy includes continuing to pursue licensing opportunities for its intellectual property assets. In addition,
the Company continually reviews opportunities to acquire or license additional intellectual property as well as other strategic alternatives.
The Company s patent acquisition and development strategy is to focus on acquiring high quality patents which management believes
have the potential to generate significant licensing opportunities as the Company has achieved with respect to its Remote Power Patent
and Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. In addition, the Company may also enter into strategic relationships with third parties to develop,
commercialize, license or otherwise monetize their intellectual property. 

 The
Company has made equity investments totaling in ILiAD Biotechnologies, LLC ILiAD ), a clinical stage biotechnology
company (see Note H hereof). 

. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and ,
respectively, in excess of the FDIC insured limit. 

The
Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments, including certificates of deposit and money market funds, that are purchased
with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

 and , respectively. The
Company s marketable securities are measured at fair value and are accounted for in accordance with ASU 2016-01. Unrealized holding
gains and losses on certificates of deposit, government securities, and fixed income mutual funds are recorded in net realized and unrealized
gain (loss) from investments on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). Unrealized holding gains and
losses, net of the related tax effect, on corporate bonds and notes are excluded from earnings and are reported as a separate component
of stockholders equity until realized. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned. Realized gains and losses are
included in earnings and are derived using the specific identification method for determining the cost of the marketable securities. 

 (1) 
 
 Royalty
 Bearing Licenses 
 
 (2) 
 
 Total
 Revenue 

__________________________ 

(1) 

(2) 

Revenue
from the Company s patent licensing business is typically generated from negotiated license agreements. The timing and amount of
revenue recognized from each licensee depends upon a variety of factors, including the terms of each agreement and the nature of the
obligations of the parties. These agreements may include, but not be limited to, elements related to past infringement liabilities, non-refundable
upfront license fees, and ongoing royalties on licensed products sold by the licensee. Generally, in the event of settlement of litigation
related to the Company s assertion of patent infringement involving its intellectual property, defendants will either pay (i) a
non-refundable lump sum payment for a non-exclusive fully-paid license, or (ii) a non-refundable lump sum payment (license initiation
fee) together with an ongoing obligation to pay quarterly or monthly royalties to the Company for the life of the licensed patent. 

 and a corresponding decrease
in the Company s net income, and a decrease in basic and diluted earnings of per share. 

 The
Company performed an assessment to determine significance of the equity method investee under the investment, asset and income tests
utilizing the 20 threshold. The Company determined that the equity method investee satisfied the income test and has included summarized
financial data of the equity method investee in Note H hereof. 

uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 U.S.
federal, state and local income tax returns prior to 2019 are not subject to examination by any applicable tax authorities, except that
tax authorities could challenge returns (only under certain circumstances) for earlier years to the extent they generated loss carry-forwards
that are available for those future years. 

impairment to the Company s patents and equity investment. 

 The
Company s equity investment in ILiAD is evaluated on a non-recurring basis for impairment, when and if a triggering event occurs. 

to years. For all periods presented, all the Company s patents were subject to amortization. The gross carrying amounts and
accumulated amortization related to acquired intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Accumulated amortization 

Patents, net 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Future amortization of current intangible
assets, net is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Two
patents within the Cox Patent Portfolio expire in and , and the balance of the patents within such portfolio have
expired. The expiration dates of patents within the Company s M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio range from to . The
expiration dates within the Company s HFT Patent Portfolio range from to . All of the patents
within the Company s Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio expired and the Remote Power Patent expired. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consist of restricted stock units. However, as the Company generated
a net loss in 2022, all potentially dilutive shares were not reflected in diluted net loss per share because the impact of such instruments
was anti-dilutive. Computations of basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding are as follows: 

Dilutive effect of restricted stock
 units and stock options 

Weighted-average common shares
 outstanding diluted 

Restricted stock units excluded
 from the computation of diluted income per share because the effect of inclusion would have been anti-dilutive 

Federal 

Total Current Tax Expense (Benefit) 

Deferred 

State and local 

Federal 

Total Deferred Tax Expense 

Total Income Taxes 

Significant
components of deferred tax assets (liability) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Capital loss
 carryforward 

Stock options
 and RSU 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred
 Tax Liability (1) 

Total deferred tax liability 

_________________________ 

 (1)
Deferred tax liability primarily as a result of a temporary difference related to the Company s equity method investment. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s estimated aggregate total net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs) were 
 for U.S. federal tax purposes with an indefinite
life. At December 31, 2022, the Company had deferred tax assets of ,
which were offset by a valuation allowance of 
 as it was determined that it is more likely than
not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized. At December 31, 2022, the Company had a deferred tax liability position of . 

 The
reconciliation between the taxes as shown and the amount that would be computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to
the net income before income taxes is as follows: 

Permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 
 ) 

State 

Other 
 ) 

Total 

On
August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for,
among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of Treasury
has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
The excise tax applies in cases where the total value of the stock repurchased during the taxable year exceeds 1,000,000. 

 The
personal holding company PHC rules under the Internal Revenue Code impose a 20 tax on a PHC s undistributed personal
holding company income UPHCI ), which means, in general, taxable income subject to certain adjustments. For a corporation
to be classified as a PHC, it must satisfy two tests: (i) that more than 50 in value of its outstanding shares must be owned directly
or indirectly by five or fewer individuals at any time during the second half of the year (after applying constructive ownership rules
to attribute stock owned by entities to their beneficial owners and among certain family members and other related parties) (the Ownership
Test and (ii) at least 60 of its adjusted ordinary gross income for a taxable year consists of dividends, interest, royalties,
annuities and rents (the Income Test ). During the second half of 2022, based on available information concerning the Company s
shareholder ownership, the Company did not satisfy the Ownership Test and thus the Company was not a PHC for 2022. However, the Company
may subsequently be determined to be a PHC in 2023 or in future years if it satisfies both the Ownership Test and the Income Test. If
the Company were to become a PHC in any future year, it would be subject to an additional 20 tax on its UPHCI. In such event, the Company
may issue a special cash dividend, to its shareholders in an amount equal to the UPHCI rather than incur the additional 20 tax. 

shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under the Company 2013 Stock Incentive
Plan 2013 Plan ). The Company discontinued issuing awards under its 2013 Plan as a result of the adoption of the 2022 Plan. 

[1] Restricted
 Stock Units 

 A
summary of restricted stock units granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows (each restricted
stock unit represents the contingent right to receive one share of the Company s common stock): 

Grants of restricted stock units 

Vested restricted stock units 

Balance of restricted stock units outstanding at end of year 

Restricted
stock unit compensation expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

 The
Company has an aggregate of of unrecognized restricted stock unit compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 to be expensed
over a weighted average period of years. 

 The
fair value of restricted stock units is determined based on the number of shares granted and the quoted market price of the Company s
common stock on the date of grant for time-based and performance-based awards and fair value at grant date using the Monte Carlo simulation
model for market-based awards. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation used to value the restricted stock units was a risk-free
rate of ,
expected term of 
 years, expected volatility of 
 and a stock price of . 

 All
of the Company s issued restricted stock units have dividend equivalent rights. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 
and accrued for dividend equivalent rights which were included in other accrued expenses. 

[2] Stock
 Options 

 At
December 31, 2022, there were no stock options outstanding. At December 31, 2021, one stock option to purchase 500,000 shares of
common stock was outstanding, representing an option grant outside of the 2013 Plan (issued prior to the establishment of the 2013 Plan).
The stock option had a weighted average exercise price of 1.19 and a weighted average remaining life of 0.84 years. There were no grants
of stock options during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 The
following table summarizes stock option activity for the years ended December 31: 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Options outstanding
 at end of year 

Options exercisable
 at end of year 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any stock-based compensation related to the vesting of prior
issued stock options to employees. The Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021 had no remaining unrecognized expenses related to unvested
stock options to employees and directors. The aggregate intrinsic value of all stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 and 2021
was - - and , respectively. 

 On
October 27, 2022, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer exercised a stock option to purchase shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share on a net exercise (or cashless) basis. In connection with the net
exercise of the stock option, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer delivered shares of common stock (including
 shares for withholding taxes) to the Company and received net shares. 

Fixed income mutual funds 

Certificates of Deposit 

Corporate bonds
 and notes 

Total marketable
 securities 

December
 31, 2021 

Cost 
 Basis 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Losses 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Fixed income mutual funds 

Corporate bonds
 and notes 

Total marketable
 securities 

in ILiAD, a privately held clinical
stage biotechnology company dedicated to the prevention and treatment of human disease caused by Bordetella pertussis. ILiAD is focused
on validating its proprietary intranasal vaccine, BPZE1, for the prevention of Pertussis (whooping cough). At December 31, 2022, the
Company owned approximately of the outstanding units of ILiAD on a non-fully diluted basis and of the outstanding units on
a fully diluted basis (after giving effect to the exercise of all outstanding options and warrants). In connection with its investment,
the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer obtained a seat on ILiAD s Board of Managers and receives the same compensation
for service on the Board of Managers as other non-management Board members. 

 On
August 24, 2022, ILiAD completed a private financing of 
of its Class D units, of which a multi-national pharmaceutical company invested 
(the Financing ). As part of the Financing, the Company invested .
This private financing represented an observable price transaction in accordance with ASC 323 and resulted in dilution in the
Company s ownership in the ILiAD. In accordance with ASC 323 10 40 1, the Company accounted for the dilution as if
it had sold a portion of its investment and therefore recorded an unrealized gain of 
and a corresponding increase in the carrying value of its investment in ILiAD. The Company determined the new carrying value of its
equity investment using an observable transaction price since the Company determined the securities owned by the Company were not
materially different than the securities sold by ILiAD in the Financing. The unrealized gain is reflected in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 In
addition, as part of the Financing, the Company converted its convertible note in the principal amount of plus accrued interest
of , in accordance with its terms, into equity of ILiAD and has accounted for this investment under the equity method of accounting.
The Company recognized a gain on conversion of which was recognized in its consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive
income (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded an allocated net loss from its equity method investment in ILiAD of
 and , respectively. 

 The
difference between the Company s share of equity in ILiAD s net assets and the purchase price of the investment is due
to an excess amount paid over the book value of the investment of ,
which is accounted for as equity method goodwill. 

 The
Company performed an assessment to determine significance of its equity investee using the investment, asset and income tests. The Company
concluded the income test threshold was met for the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table provides certain summarized financial
information for the Company s equity method investee for the periods presented and has been compiled from the equity investee s
financial statement, reported on one quarter lag. 

Comprehensive loss 

at the closing and has an obligation
to pay the seller an additional in cash and of the Company s common stock (up to a maximum of 375,000 shares)
upon achieving certain milestones with respect to the HFT Patent Portfolio. The Company also has an additional obligation to pay the
seller of the first 50 million of net proceeds (after deduction of expenses) generated by the patent portfolio and of net
proceeds greater than 50 million. 

 In
connection with the Company s acquisition of its Cox Patent Portfolio, the Company is obligated to pay Dr. Cox of the net
proceeds (after deduction of expenses) generated by the Company from licensing, sale or enforcement of the patent portfolio. As of the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, expense was incurred with respect to the Cox Patent Portfolio. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, no amounts were accrued with respect to the Cox Patent Portfolio. 

 As
part of the acquisition of the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio, the Company also entered into an agreement with Recognition
Interface, LLC Recognition pursuant to which Recognition received from the Company an interest in the net proceeds
realized from the monetization of the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio, as follows: Obligated to pay recognition, net proceeds (i) 
of the first 125 million of net proceeds; (ii) of the next 125 million of net proceeds; and (iii) of any portion of the
net proceeds in excess of 250 million. Since entering into the agreement with Recognition in May 2013, the Company has paid
Recognition an aggregate of with respect to such net proceeds interest related to the Mirror Worlds Patent Portfolio. No
such payments were made by the Company to Recognition during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 In
connection with the Company s acquisition of its M2M/IoT Patent Portfolio, the Company is obligated to pay M2M of the first
 100 million of net proceeds (after deduction of expenses) and of net proceeds greater than 100 million from Monetization Activities
(as defined in the acquisition agreement) related to the M2MIoT Patent Portfolio. In addition, M2M will be entitled to receive from the
Company of additional consideration upon the occurrence of certain future events related to the patent portfolio. 

[3] Savings
 and investment plan: 

The
Company has a Savings and Investment Plan which allows participants to make contributions by salary reduction pursuant to Section 401(k)
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Company also may make discretionary annual matching contributions and profit sharing in amounts
determined by the Board of Directors, subject to statutory limits. The 401(k) Plan expense for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was and , respectively, all of which was accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is recorded within accrued
expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

[4] Leases: 

The
Company has one operating lease for its principal office space in New Canaan, Connecticut that will expire on April 30, 2025. 

 There
are no material residual guarantees associated with the Company s lease and there are no significant restrictions or covenants
included in the Company s lease. 

 The
calculated incremental borrowing rate was approximately , which was calculated based on remaining lease term of years as of May
1, 2022. The remaining lease term as of December 31, 2022 was approximately years. 

 There
was no sublease rental income for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the Company is not the lessor in any lease arrangement, and there
were no related-party lease agreements. 

 Right-of-use
lease assets and related lease obligations for the Company s operating leases were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as
follows: 

Operating lease obligations 
 current 

Operating
 lease obligations non-current 

Total lease
 obligations 

The
table below presents certain information related to the Company s lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

Total
 future minimum lease payments 

Less
 imputed interest 

Total
 operating lease liability 

which shall be increased by 3 per annum during the Term. The Agreement established an annual target bonus of 
for the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer based upon performance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer received an annual discretionary bonus of . 

 In
addition, pursuant to the Agreement, the Company granted the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, under its 2013 Plan, restricted
stock units (the RSUs , each RSU awarded by the Company to its officers, directors and consultants represents a contingent
right to receive one share of the Company s common stock) which terms provided for vesting in four tranches, as follows: (1)
 RSUs which shall vest RSUs on March 22, 2023 and RSUs on March 22, 2024, subject to the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer s continued employment by the Company through each such vesting date (the Employment Condition ( Tranche
1 (2) RSUs shall vest if at any time during the Term that the Company s common stock achieves a closing price
for twenty (20) consecutive trading days Closing Price of a minimum of per share (subject to adjustment for stock
splits) and the Employment Condition is satisfied through the date such minimum per share Closing Price is achieved Tranche 2 
(3) RSUs shall vest if at any time during the Term that the common stock achieves a Closing Price of a minimum of per share
(subject to adjustment for stock splits) and the Employment Condition is satisfied through the date such minimum per share Closing Price
is achieved Tranche 3 and (4) RSUs shall vest if at any time during the Term, that the common stock achieves
a Closing Price of a minimum of per share (subject to adjustment for stock splits) and the Employment Condition is satisfied through
the date such minimum per share Closing Price is achieved Tranche 4 ). In the event of a Change of Control (as
defined), Termination Other Than for Cause (as defined) or a termination by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for Good Reason
(as defined) in each case prior to the last day of the Term, the vesting of all RSUs (Tranches 1, 2, 3 and 4) shall accelerate (and not
be subject to any conditions) and all RSUs shall become immediately fully vested. All RSUs granted by the Company to its officers, directors
or consultants have dividend equivalent rights. 

 Under
the terms of the Agreement, so long as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer continues to serve as an executive officer of the Company,
whether pursuant to the Agreement or otherwise, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer shall also receive incentive compensation in
an amount equal to 5 of the Company s gross royalties or other payments from Licensing Activities (as defined) (without deduction
of legal fees or any other expenses) with respect to the Remote Power Patent and a 10 net interest (gross royalties and other payments
after deduction of all legal fees and litigation expenses related to licensing, enforcement and sale activities, but in no event shall
he receive less than 6.25 of the gross recovery) of the Company s royalties and other payments relating to Licensing Activities
with respect to patents other than the Remote Power Patent (including all of the Company s patent portfolios and its investment
in ILiAD) (collectively, the Incentive Compensation ). During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer earned Incentive Compensation of - - and , respectively. 

 The
Incentive Compensation shall continue to be paid to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for the life of each of the Company s
patents with respect to licenses entered into with third parties during the term of his employment or at anytime thereafter, whether
he is employed by the Company or not; provided, that, the employment of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has not been terminated
by the Company For Cause (as defined) or terminated by him without Good Reason (as defined). In the event
of a merger or sale of substantially all of the Company s assets, the Company has the option to extinguish the right of the Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer to receive future Incentive Compensation by payment to him of a lump sum payment, in an amount equal to the
fair market value of such future interest as determined by an independent third party expert if the parties do not reach agreement as
to such value. In the event that the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer s employment is terminated by the Company Other
Than For Cause (as defined) or by him for Good Reason (as defined), the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer shall
also be entitled to (i) a lump sum severance payment of 12 months base salary, (ii) a pro-rated portion of the target bonus
provided bonus criteria have been satisfied on a pro-rated basis through the calendar quarter in which the termination occurs and (iii)
accelerated vesting of all unvested options, RSUs or other awards. 

In
connection with the Agreement, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has also agreed not to compete with the Company as follows: (i)
during the Term of the Agreement and for a period of 12 months thereafter if his employment is terminated Other Than For Cause 
(as defined) provided he is paid his 12 months base salary severance amount and (ii) for a period of two years from the termination date,
if terminated For Cause by the Company or Without Good Reason by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 

 [2]
 The Company s Executive Vice President serves on an at-will basis at an annual base salary of 200,000. The Executive Vice
President received a discretionary annual bonus of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On
January 18, 2022, the Company s Executive Vice President was granted 15,000 RSUs under the 2013 Plan, 50 of such RSUs vested on
the one year anniversary of the date of grant (January 18, 2023) and 50 of such RSUs vest on the two year anniversary of the grant (January
18, 2024), subject to continued employment. On January 24, 2023, the Company s Executive Vice President was granted 15,000 RSUs
under the 2022 Plan, 50 of such RSUs vest on the one year anniversary of the date of grant (January 24, 2024) and 50 of such RSUs vest
on the two year anniversary of the date of grant (January 24, 2025), subject to continued employment. 

 [3]
 The Company s former Chief Financial Officer served on an at-will basis at an annual base salary of until his retirement
in December 2022. In connection with his retirement, the Chief Financial Officer was granted severance of 6 months base salary and certain
other benefits. 

 [4]
 In December 2022, the Company s Board of Directors elected a new Chief Financial Officer who serves on a consulting basis at
an annual base salary of 175,000. 

[2]
 On May 9, 2017, Mirror Worlds Technologies, LLC, the On May 7, 2018, Meta filed a motion for summary judgment on non-infringement. On August 11, 2018, the
Court issued an order granting Meta s motion for summary judgment of non-infringement and dismissed the case. On August 17, 2018,
the Company filed a Notice of Appeal to appeal the summary judgment decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. On
January 23, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in the Company s favor and reversed the summary judgment
finding on non-infringement of the District Court and remanded the litigation to the Southern District of New York for further proceedings. 

On
March 7, 2022, the District Court entered a ruling granting in part and denying in part a motion for summary judgment by Meta. In
its ruling the Court (i) denied Meta s motion that the asserted patents were invalid by concluding that all asserted claims
were patent eligible under 101 of the Patent Act and (ii) granted summary judgment of non infringement in favor of
Facebook and dismissed the case. The Company strongly disagrees with the decision on non infringement and on April 4, 2022,
the Company filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which is pending. 

 [3]
 On December 15, 2020, the 

 [4]
 In October and November 2022, the 

 of
the Company s revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021, of which two licensees constituted an aggregate of of the Company s
revenue for such year. 

 shares of its common stock at a purchase price of per
share or aggregate consideration of . 

 of the Company s common stock over the subsequent 24-month period. The common stock may be repurchased from time
to time in open market transactions or privately negotiated transactions in the Company s discretion. The timing and amount of
the shares repurchased are determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The repurchase program
may be increased, suspended or discontinued at any time. 

 During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased an aggregate of shares of its common stock pursuant to the Share Repurchase
Program at a cost of approximately (exclusive of commissions) or an average price per share of . 

 Since
inception of the Share Repurchase Program (August 2011) through December 31, 2022, the Company has repurchased an aggregate of 
shares of its common stock at a cost of approximately (exclusive of commissions) or an average per share price of . 

per common share per common share annually) which
have been paid in March and September of each year. On February 23, 2022, the Board of Directors declared a semi annual cash dividend
of per share with a payment date of to all common shareholders of record as of . On September 9, 2022,
the Board of Directors declared a semi-annual dividend of per share with a payment date of to all common shareholders
of record as of . The Company s dividend policy undergoes a periodic review by the Board of Directors and is
subject to change at any time depending upon the Company s earnings, financial requirements and other factors. 

 per share with a payment date
of to all common shareholders of record as of . 

 [2]
 On March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved the grant of RSUs to each of the Company s three non-management
directors. The RSUs vest over a one year period in equal quarterly installments of 3,750 shares of common stock on each of March 15,
2023, June 15, 2023, September 15, 2023 and December 15, 2023. 

 [3]
 During the period January 24, 2023 through March 10, 2023, the Company entered into settlement agreements with Arista Networks, Inc.,
Antiara Technologies LLC, Panasonic Holdings Corporation and TP Link USA Corporation with respect to patent infringement litigation
involving its Remote Power Patent, resulting in aggregate settlement payments to the Company of and a conditional payment of
 (see Note K[4] hereof). 

F-23 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

 (a)(1) Financial
Statements: 

 The
following are included under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data : 

 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated
balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
statements of changes in stockholders' equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated
statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Notes
to consolidated financial statements 

 (a)(2) Financial
Statements Schedules: 

 Financial
statement schedules are omitted because the information is not applicable. 

-46- 

(a)(3) Exhibits: 

3(i)(a) Certificate
 of Incorporation, as amended. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration
 Statement on Form SB-2 (Registration No. 333-59617), declared effective by the SEC on November
 12, 1998 (the 1998 Registration Statement ), and incorporated herein by reference. 

3(i)(b) Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated November 27, 2001. Previously filed
 as Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration
 No. 333-81344) declared effective by the SEC on February 12, 2002, and incorporated herein
 by reference (the February 2002 Form S-3 

3(i)(c) Certificate
 of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation dated October 9, 2013. Previously filed
 as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 10,
 2013, and incorporated herein by reference. 

3(ii) Second
 Amended and Restated By-laws. Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2016 filed on November 14,
 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

4.1 Description
 of Common Stock. Previously filed under the header Common Stock under the section
 captioned Description of Securities in the Company s Registration Statement
 on Form S-1A (File No. 333-190719) filed on September 30, 2014 and incorporated herein by
 reference. 

10.2 + Employment
 Agreement, dated July 14, 2016, between the Company and Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on July 19, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 + Employment
 Agreement, dated March 22, 2022, between the Company and Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and
 Chief Executive Officer. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed on March 28, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 + 2013
 Stock Incentive Plan. Previously filed as Appendix B to the Company s Schedule 14A
 (Proxy Statement) filed on August 20, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 + 2022
 Stock Incentive Plan Previously filed as Exhibit A to the Company's Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement)
 filed on July 27, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

-47- 

10.6 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement for directors and officers. Previously filed as Exhibit 10.1
 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2019 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

14 Code
 of Ethics. Previously filed as Exhibit 14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for
 the year ended December 31, 2004 filed on April 14, 2004 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

16 Letter,
 dated October 12, 2002, from Friedman LLP. Previously filed as Exhibit 16 to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant. 

23.1 Consent of Marcum LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

23.2 Consent of Friedman LLP, the Company s former independent registered public accounting firm. 

31.1 Section 302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

31.2 Section 302 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

32.1 Section 906 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 Section 906 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 

 101 Interactive
data files: 

 101.INS XBRL
Instance Document. 

 101.SCH XBRL
Scheme Document. 

 101.CAL XBRL
Calculation Linkbase Document. 

 101.DEF XBRL
Definition Linkbase Document. 

 101.LAB XBRL
Label Linkbase Document. 

 101.PRE XBRL
Presentation Linkbase Document. 

 _________________________________________________________________ 

 Filed
herewith 

 + Management
contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

-48- 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NETWORK-1
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By
 /s/ Corey M. Horowitz 

 Corey
M. Horowitz 

 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

 March
30, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Corey M. Horowitz 

Corey
 M. Horowitz 

Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) 

March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Robert Mahan 
 Robert
 Mahan 

Chief
 Financial Officer (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Jonathan Greene 
 Jonathan
 Greene 

Executive
 Vice President, Secretary and a Director 

March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 Emanuel Pearlman 
 Emanuel
 Pearlman 
 
 Director 

March
30, 2023 

/s/
 Niv Harizman 
 Niv
 Harizman 

Director 

March
30, 2023 

/s/
 Allison Hoffman 

Allison
 Hoffman 

Director 

March
30, 2023 

-49- 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exh21-1_18704.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF NETWORK-1 TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

EXHIBIT 21.1 

List
of Subsidiaries of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Mirror Worlds Technologies, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

HFT
 Solutions, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exh23-1_18704.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. on Form S-8 Nos. 333-192811,
333-186612 and 333-269142 of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements of Network-1
Technologies, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Network-1
Technologies, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, New York 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 exh23-2_18704.htm
 CONSENT OF FRIEDMAN, LLP

EXHIBIT
23.2 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiary on Form S-8 Nos.
333-192811, 333-186612, and 333-269142 of our report dated March 30, 2022, with respect to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
of Network-1 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2021, which report is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of
Network-1 Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiary for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
resigned as auditors on October 11, 2022, and, accordingly, we have not performed any audit or review procedures with respect to any
financial statements for the periods after the date of our resignation. 

/s/
Friedman LLP 

New
York, New York 

 March
30, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exh31-1_18704.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TOSECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

I, Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Network-1
Technologies, Inc. (the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Corey M. Horowitz 

Corey M. Horowitz Chairman and Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exh31-2_18704.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TOSECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 

I, Robert M. Mahan, Chief Financial Officer of Network-1 Technologies,
Inc. (the Registrant ), certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based
on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 
 
 /s/ Robert M. Mahan 

Robert M. Mahan Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exh32-1_18704.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TOSECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Corey M. Horowitz, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Network-1 Technologies, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of
the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Corey M. Horowitz

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 March
30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exh32-2_18704.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TOSECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, 

 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned, Robert M. Mahan, Chief Financial Officer of Network-1 Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the Company ), does hereby certify that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of
the Company (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/ Robert M. Mahan 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30,
 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nssi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nssi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nssi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nssi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 nssi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

