<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1279715_0001214659-23-004306.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2761277</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>594620</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>598331</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>732128</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>700000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001214659-23-004306.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328164235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001214659-23-004306
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001279715
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		IRS NUMBER:				134005439
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50587
		FILM NUMBER:		23770157

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 NORTH BEDFORD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MT KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(914) 242-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		118 NORTH BEDFORD ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			MT KISCO
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10549

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NATIONAL PATENT DEVELOPMENT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040211

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001214659-23-004306.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 iwsh-20221231.htm

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to _______ 

Commission file Number: 

WRIGHT INVESTORS 
SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of Class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or, an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company , and emerging growth company , in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the price at which the common
stock was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common stock, as of the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second quarter, is . 

As of March 14, 2023, 
shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Part III of this report incorporates
certain information by reference from the registrant s proxy statement for the 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, or an amendment
to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, to be filed no later than 120 days after the close of the registrant s fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 9 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 10 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 23 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 24 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 24 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 25 

PART IV 

SIGNATURES 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not statements
of historical facts, but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future events and results. The words may, will, 
 anticipate, should, would, believe, contemplate, could, 
 project, predict, expect, estimate, continue, and intend, 
as well as other similar words and expressions of the future, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 

These forward-looking statements generally relate
to our plans, objectives and expectations for future events and include statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives,
intentions, assumptions and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based upon our opinions and
estimates as of the date they are made. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements
are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may be beyond our control,
which could cause actual results, performance and achievements to differ materially from results, performance and achievements projected,
expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. While we cannot assess the future impact that any of these
differences could have on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or the market price of shares of our
common stock, the differences could be significant. You are cautioned not to unduly rely on such forward-looking statements when evaluating
the information presented in this report. 

Factors that may cause actual results to differ
from historical results or those results expressed or implied, include, but are not limited to, those listed below under Item 1A. Risk
Factors . 

If significant risks and uncertainties occur,
or if our estimates or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could differ materially. You are urged to consider
all such risks and uncertainties. In light of the uncertainty inherent in such forward-looking statements, you should not consider their
inclusion to be a representation that such forward-looking matters will be achieved. 

Additional information concerning the factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is contained in Item 1. Business ,
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC which are available
on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements or cautionary
factors, except as required by law. 

1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General Development of Business 

Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc.
(the Company , Wright Holdings , we or us was incorporated on March 10, 1998. The
Company s common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets and is traded under the symbol iWSH . 

The Company currently has a substantial portion
of its assets consisting of cash and cash equivalents and Investments in U.S. Treasury Bills. 

Description of the Business of the Company 

The Company has no or nominal operations. As a
result, the Company is a shell company , as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, and Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. As a shell company, its stockholders will
be unable to utilize Rule 144 of the Securities Act, or Rule 144 to sell restricted stock as defined in Rule 144 or otherwise
use Rule 144 to sell stock of the Company, and the Company would be ineligible to utilize registration statements on Form S-3 or Form
S-8 for so long as the Company remains a shell company and other things, as a consequence, the offering, issuance and sale of its securities
is likely to be more expensive and time consuming and may make the Company s securities less attractive to investors. 

The Company is not engaged in the business of
investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities, and it does not hold itself out as being engaged in those activities. However, under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), a company may fall within the scope of being
an inadvertent investment company under section 3(a)(1)(C) of such Act if the value of the Company s investment securities
(as defined in the Investment Company Act) is more than 40 of the Company s total assets (exclusive of government securities and
cash and certain cash equivalents). 

The Company intends to evaluate and explore all
available strategic options. The Company will continue to work to maximize stockholder value. Such strategic options may include acquisition
of an investment advisory business, acquisition of a financial services business, creating partnerships or joint ventures for those or
other businesses and investing in other businesses that provide attractive opportunities for growth. The directors will also consider
alternatives for distributing some or all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents. Until such time as a decision is made as to
how its liquid assets are so deployed, the Company intends to invest its liquid assets in high-grade, short-term investments consistent
with the preservation of principal, maintenance of liquidity and avoidance of speculation. 

See Risk Factors The Company may
be classified as an inadvertent investment company and The Company is a shell company under the federal securities laws. 

Employees 

The Company has 2 full-time employees as of December
31, 2022. 

Connecticut Property 

The Company has interests in land and certain
flowage rights in undeveloped property (the properties primarily located in Killingly, Connecticut. The properties were
fully impaired as of December 31, 2018. 

2 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

RISK FACTORS 

You should carefully consider the following risk factors relating to
our business and the additional information in our other reports that we file with the SEC. 

The Company may be classified as an inadvertent investment company
if we acquire investment securities in excess of 40 of our total assets. 

The Company is not engaged in the business of
investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities, and we do not hold ourselves out as being engaged in those activities. However, under
the Investment Company Act, a company may fall within the scope of being an inadvertent investment company under section
3(a)(1)(C) of such Act if the value of its investment securities (as defined in the Investment Company Act) is more than 40 of its total
assets (exclusive of government securities and cash and certain cash equivalents). 

If the Company was required to register as
an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for the Company
to continue its business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on us. 

The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder
contain detailed requirements for the organization and operation of investment companies. If we were required to register under the Investment
Company Act, applicable restrictions and other requirements could have a material adverse effect on us. In the event that we were to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we would be forced to comply with substantive requirements
under the Act, including: 

limitations on our ability to borrow; 

limitations on our capital structure; 

limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, 

restrictions on acquisitions of interests in partner companies; 

prohibitions on transactions with affiliates; 

prohibitions on the issuance of options and other limitations on our ability to compensate key employees; 

certain governance requirements, 

restrictions on specific investments; and 

reporting, record-keeping, voting and proxy disclosure requirements. 

In the event that we were to be deemed to be an
investment company subject to registration as such under the Investment Company Act, compliance costs and burdens upon us may increase
and the additional requirements may constrain our ability to conduct business, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

The Company is a shell company under the federal securities laws. 

The Company has no or nominal operations. Pursuant
to Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Exchange Act Rule 12b-2, a shell company is defined as a registrant that has no or nominal
operations, and either: 

no or nominal assets; 

assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or 

assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

Our consolidated balance sheet reflects that our
assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and investments in U.S. Treasury Bills. Accordingly, we are a shell company. Applicable
securities rules prohibit shell companies from using a Form S-8 registration statement to register securities pursuant to employee compensation
plans and from utilizing Form S-3 for the registration of securities for so long as the Company is a shell company and for 12 months thereafter. 

3 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, Form 8-K requires shell companies
to provide more detailed disclosure upon completion of a transaction that causes it to cease being a shell company. To the extent that
we acquire a business in the future, we must file a current report on Form 8-K containing the financial and other information required
in a registration statement on Form 10 within four business days following completion of such a transaction. 

To assist the SEC in the identification of shell
companies, we are required to check a box on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our annual reports on Form 10-K indicating that we
are a shell company. 

Since we are required to comply with additional
disclosure because we are a shell company, we may be delayed in executing any mergers or acquiring other assets that would cause us to
cease being a shell company. In addition, under Rule 144 of the Securities Act, a holder of restricted securities of a shell
company is not allowed to resell their securities in reliance upon Rule 144. Preclusion from any prospective purchase using
the exemptions from registration afforded by Rule 144 may make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future and
the inability to utilize registration statements on Forms S-8 and S-3 would likely increase our cost to register securities in the future.
Additionally, the loss of the use of Rule 144 and Forms S-3 and S-8 may make investments in our securities less attractive to investors
and may make the offering and sale of our securities to employees, directors and others under compensatory arrangements more expensive
and less attractive to recipients. 

Unless we select a particular industry or target
business with which to complete a business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the risks of the industry or business in which
we may ultimately operate. 

The Company may develop or acquire a majority
interest or at least a controlling interest (as defined for purposes of the Investment Company Act) in a company (or companies) with principal
business operations in an industry that we believe will provide attractive opportunities for growth. We are not limited to any particular
industry or type of business. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible risks of the particular industry
in which we may ultimately operate. Although we will evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you
that all of the significant risks present in that target business will be properly assessed. Even if we properly assess those risks, some
of them may be outside of our control or ability to affect. 

Resources will be expended in researching potential
acquisitions that might not be consummated. 

The investigation of target businesses and the
negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents, and other instruments will require substantial management
time and attention in addition to costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business
combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an
agreement is reached relating to a specific target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons
including those beyond our control. 

There can be no guarantee that we will quickly
identify a potential target business or complete a business combination. 

The process to identify potential acquisition
targets, to investigate and evaluate the future business prospects thereof and to negotiate an acceptable purchase agreement with one
or more target companies can be time consuming and costly. The Company may incur operating losses, resulting from payroll, rent and other
overhead and professional fees, while we are searching for a business to develop or acquire. 

The Company has no revenue from operations; therefore, our existing
assets may be diminished and ultimately depleted by our corporate overhead and other expenses. 

The Company has no revenue from operations and
has been experiencing significant negative cash flow. Expenditures related to corporate overhead and other related items are expensed.
Until such time as we develop or acquire an operating business or businesses that generate revenue, we will continue to deplete our existing
assets. 

Risks Related to Our Stock 

The Company has agreed to restrictions and adopted policies that
could have possible anti-takeover effects and reduce the value of our stock. 

Several provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws could deter or delay unsolicited changes in control of the Company. These include limiting the stockholders powers to
amend the Bylaws or remove directors and prohibiting the stockholders from increasing the size of the Board of Directors or acting by
written consent instead of at a stockholders meeting. Our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders
to fix the rights and preferences of and issue preferred stock. These provisions and others that could be adopted in the future could
deter unsolicited takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control or management of the Company including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. These provisions may limit the ability of stockholders
to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. 

4 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

A significant portion of our common stock is held
by a small group of large shareholders. Future sales of our common stock in the public market by the Company or its large stockholders
could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

As of December 31, 2022, Bedford Oak Advisors,
LLC and William H. Miller beneficially owned 27.10 and 17.26 of the Company s common stock, respectively. Bedford Oak Advisors,
LLC is controlled by Mr. Harvey P. Eisen, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Eisen beneficially owned at such
date an aggregate of 29.97 of the Company s common stock, which percentage includes the 27.10 beneficially owned by Bedford Oak
Advisors, LLC. Sales by us or our large stockholders of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the
perception that these sales might occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Our common stock is thinly traded, which can
cause volatility in its price. 

Our stock is thinly traded due to our small market
capitalization and the high level of ownership of our common stock by a small group of shareholders. Thinly traded stock can
be more susceptible to market volatility. This market volatility could significantly affect the market price of our common
stock without regard to our operating performance . 

Possible additional issuances of our stock will cause dilution . 

At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 20,335,711
shares of our common stock. There were 100,000 shares of stock awards vested as of December 31, 2022. The Company is authorized to issue
up to 30,000,000 shares of common stock and are therefore able to issue additional shares without being required under corporate law to
obtain shareholder approval. If we issue additional shares, or if our existing shareholders exercise their outstanding options,
our other shareholders may find their holdings drastically diluted, which if it occurs, means they would own a smaller percentage of our
Company. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company leases office
space on a month to month basis for 3,900 per month in Mount Kisco, NY. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the DGCL provides, generally, that a corporation shall have the power to indemnify any person who was or is a party
or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (except actions by or in the right
of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation against
all expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such
action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best interests of the corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his
or her conduct was unlawful. A corporation may similarly indemnify such person for expenses actually and reasonably incurred by such person
in connection with the defense or settlement of any action or suit by or in the right of the corporation, provided that such person
acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and,
in the case of claims, issues and matters as to which such person shall have been adjudged liable to the corporation, provided 
that a court shall have determined, upon application, that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all of the circumstances
of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which such court shall deem proper. 

The Company s certificate of incorporation
and bylaws provide that, subject to limited exceptions and requirements, the Company is required to indemnify its directors and officers,
and each person serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, incorporator, partner, manager or trustee of another entity,
to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. The Company s bylaws also provide that, subject to limited exceptions and
requirements, the Company is required to advance to such person s expenses (including attorney s fees) incurred by them in
defending and preparing for the defense of any proceeding or investigation in respect of which indemnification may be available. 

Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides, generally,
that the certificate of incorporation of a corporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director
to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, provided that such provision may
not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) under section 174 of Title 8 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. No such provision may eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any act or omission occurring prior to the
date when such provision became effective. The Company s certificate of incorporation contains such a provision limiting
the personal liability of the Company s directors to the extent permitted by the DGCL. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

6 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The Company s common stock, 0.01 par value,
is currently quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol iWSH . Such quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company did not declare or pay any cash dividends
on its common stock in 2022 or 2021. The Company currently intends to retain future earnings to finance the growth and development of
its business however, the directors will also consider alternative for distributing some or all of its cash and cash equivalents to stockholders. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Board of Directors authorized the Company
to repurchase up to 5,000,000 outstanding shares of common stock from time to time either in open market or privately negotiated transactions.
On April 5, 2022, in accordance with the Board of Directors prior authorization, the Company purchased 192,750 shares
of its common stock in a privately negotiated transaction at a price of 0.25 per share for an amount of approximately 48,000. The
Company did not repurchase any common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had repurchased
an aggregate of 2,234,721 and 2,041,971, respectively, shares of its common stock and a total of 2,765,279 and 2,958,029 shares remained
available for repurchase at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, pursuant to the 5,000,000 shares repurchase plans. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not required. 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

General Overview 

The Company is a shell
company , as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Because the Company is a shell company, its stockholders are
unable to utilize Rule 144 to sell restricted stock as defined in Rule 144 or to otherwise use Rule 144 to sell its securities,
and the Company is ineligible to utilize registration statements on Form S-3 or Form S-8 for so long as the Company remains a shell company. As
a consequence, among other things, the offering, issuance and sale of its securities is likely to be more expensive and time consuming
and may make its securities less attractive to investors. See Item 1A. Risk Factors . 

The Company s Board
of Directors is considering strategic uses for its funds to develop or acquire interests in one or more operating businesses. While
the Company has focused its development or acquisition efforts on sectors in which our management has expertise, the Company does not
wish to limit itself to, or to foreclose any opportunities in, any particular industry or sector. Prior to this use, the Company 
anticipate will continue to be, invested in high-grade, short-term investments (such as cash and cash equivalents and U.S. Treasury Bills)
consistent with the preservation of principal, maintenance of liquidity and avoidance of speculation, until such time as we need to utilize
such funds, or any portion thereof, for the purposes described above. The directors will also consider alternatives for distributing
some or all of its cash and cash equivalents to stockholders (see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

Investments 

Investment in undeveloped properties. 

The Company owns certain non-strategic assets,
which includes an investment in land and certain flowage rights in undeveloped property (the properties primarily located
in Killingly, Connecticut, which were fully impaired as of December 31, 2018, due to the Company's belief that the value of the land is
nominal as there is no active market for sale of such land. The Company and its representatives continue to discuss a proposed ownership
transfer with interested parties. 

Management discussion of critical accounting
policies 

The following discussion and analysis of the financial
condition and results of operations are based on the consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements
contained in this report that have been prepared in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC and include all the disclosures
normally required in annual consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base these estimates on historical
results and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable, all of which form the basis for making estimates concerning the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Certain of our accounting policies require higher
degrees of judgment than others in their application. These include stock-based compensation and accounting for income taxes which
are summarized below. 

7 

Table of Contents 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation cost for employees is
measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite
service period, which is generally the vesting period. Stock-based compensation cost for consultants is initially measured at the grant
date based on the fair value of the award, remeasured each reporting date until the instrument vests, at which time the cost is established.
The cost is recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis, as adjusted each reporting period, over the requisite service period, which
is generally the vesting period. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding the Company s
stock-based compensation assumptions and expense. 

Income taxes 

Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to carryforwards and to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled.
The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment
date. 

The accounting for uncertain
tax positions guidance requires that the Company recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that
the Company would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold,
the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties on income taxes, including those
related to uncertain tax positions as interest and other expenses, respectively. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for further information regarding the Company s income taxes. 

Results of Operations 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
the year ended December 31, 2021 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
had a loss from operations before income taxes of 1,207,000 compared to a loss from operations before income taxes of 1,116,000 for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The increased loss of 91,000 was primarily the
result of an increase in Other operating expenses of 49,000, increase in Compensation and benefits of 10,000, and a decrease in Interest
and other income of 32,000. 

Other operating expenses 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Other operating
expenses were 768,000 as compared to 719,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The increased operating expenses of 49,000 were
primarily the result of increased professional fees of 42,000 and increased other expenses of 27,000, offset by decreased insurance
expense of 8,000 and decreased equity-based compensation expense of 12,000. 

Interest and other income 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Interest
and other income was 21,000 as compared to 53,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

The decreased interest and other income of 32,000
was primarily the result of increased interest income of 21,000, offset by decreased gain on extinguishment of debt of 53,000. 

Income taxes 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the income tax expense of zero and approximately 2,000, respectively, substantially represents accruals related to state minimum income
taxes. 

The Company recorded a full valuation allowance
against its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Due to a full valuation allowance to offset deferred tax assets
related to net operating loss carryforwards attributable to the loss, no tax benefit has been recorded in relation to the pre-tax loss
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Financial condition, liquidity, and capital
resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and
cash equivalents totaling 90,000 and short-term U.S. Treasury Bills totaling 4,130,000 which it intends to use to acquire interests
in one or more operating businesses and to fund the Company s general and administrative expenses. The directors will also consider
alternatives for distributing some or all of its cash and cash equivalents and investments to stockholders. The Company believes
that its working capital is sufficient to support its operating requirements through March 31, 2024. 

The decrease in cash and cash equivalents of 5,306,000
for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily the result of 1,160,000 used in operating activities, investment in U.S. Treasury
Bills of 4,098,000, and the repurchase of Treasury stock for 48,000. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not required. 

9 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Index to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Financial Statements of Wright Investors 
Service Holdings, Inc. 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 11 Consolidated Statements of Operations - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 12 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 13 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 14 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 15 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 16 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 17 

10 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Wright Investors' Service Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2004. 

EISNERAMPER LLP 

March 28,
202 3 

11 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS' SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Expenses 

Compensation and benefits 

Other operating 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest and other income, net 

Loss from operations before income taxes 

Income tax expense 
 -

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding

Basic and diluted loss per share

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

12 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS' SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss 

Unrealized gain on available for sale debt securities 
 
 -

Comprehensive loss 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

13 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS' SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Investments in U.S. Treasury Bills 
 
 -

Income tax receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies Note 9 

Stockholders equity 

Preferred stock, par value per share, authorized shares; none issued 

Common stock, par value per share, authorized shares; Issued and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; Outstanding and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issuable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 -

Treasury stock, at cost and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

14 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS' SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Equity based compensation, including vesting of stock to directors 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Changes in other operating items: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
activities 

Purchase of U.S. Treasury Bills 
 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 -

Cash
flows from financing activities 

Purchase of Treasury Stock 
 
 -

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 -

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year 

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Net cash paid during the year for Income taxes 
 -

Unrealized gain on available for sale securities 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

15 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS' SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

(in thousands, except share data) 

Common
 stock 

 shares 

(Issued) amount 
 Additional
 
paid in 
Capital 
 Accumulated
 
deficit 
 Accumulated
 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income 
 Treasury
 
stock at, 
cost 
 Total
 
Stock- 
holders 

 equity 

Balance
 at December 31, 2020 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Equity based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Stock based compensation
 expense to directors 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December
 31, 2021 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Equity based compensation expense 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Purchase of Treasury Stock 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Other Comprehensive Income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock based compensation
 expense to directors 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at December
 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

16 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

17 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS,
INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

and in U.S. government securities. U.S. government securities are valued using
a model that incorporates market observable data, such as reported sales of similar securities, broker quotes, yields, bids, offers, and
reference data. Certain securities are valued principally using dealer quotations. Money market funds are valued at the closing price
reported by the fund sponsor from an actively traded exchange. U.S. government securities are categorized in Level 2 of the fair value
hierarchy, depending on the inputs used and market activity levels for specific securities. The U.S. government securities, which 
have maturities of three months or less at time of purchase , are reported as Cash and cash equivalents on
the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

-

-

-

-

18 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

-

Total 

-

and weighted average outstanding shares of
common stock, including weighted average issuable shares of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

shares
of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021 were not included in the diluted computation as their effect would be anti-dilutive
since the Company incurred net losses for that year. At December 31, 2022, all shares had vested and were issued. 

per depositor, per insured bank. Investments in U.S. Treasury Bills are insured up to . For the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a substantial portion of the Company's investments in cash and U.S. Treasury Bills are in excess
of these limits. 

19 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

Other 

Total 

Total current 
 -

Deferred 

Federal 
 -
 
 -

State and local 
 -
 
 -

Total deferred 
 -
 
 -

Total income tax expense 
 -

State income tax (net of federal effect) 

Change in valuation allowance 

Deferred tax adjustment 
 
 -

Non-deductible expenses / (non-taxable income) 

Effective tax rate 
 - 

20 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Equity-based compensation 

Unrealized loss on investments 

Other 
 
 -

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
 -
 
 -

Net Deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

and respectively, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. The increases in the valuation
allowance during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were mainly due to increases in the net operating loss carryforward and other
deferred tax assets. 

, of which , and does not expire. The Company
also has various state and local net operating loss carryforwards totaling approximately , which ,
and a capital loss carryforward of approximately , which expires in 2023. 

from
Fieldpoint Private Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic
Security Act (the CARES Act ). The Company used all proceeds from the PPP Loan to retain employees, maintain payroll and
make operating expense payments to support business continuity throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. The total amount of the PPP Loan was
forgiven as of and the gain on extinguishment of debt of was recorded as Other Income for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

outstanding shares of common stock from time to time either in open market or privately negotiated
transactions. On April 5, 2022, in accordance with the Board of Directors prior authorization, the Company purchased shares
of its common stock in a privately negotiated transaction at a price of per share for an amount of approximately . The
Company did not repurchase any common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company had repurchased shares
of its common stock and a total of of the authorized shares, remained available for repurchase as of December 31,
2022. At December 31, 2021, the Company had repurchased shares of its common stock and a total of of the authorized
shares, remained available for repurchase at December 31, 2021. 

shares of Company common stock to directors, stock awards vested and were issued and there were shares
of Company common stock to be issued to the independent directors of the Company, in payment of quarterly directors fees due to
them for services in 2022. The equity compensation awards were issued pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of
Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933 1933 Act provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the 1933 Act. 

21 

Table of Contents 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 

stock awards were
issued to a newly appointed director of the Company. The stock awards vest equally, annually, over years. The stock awards are valued
based on the closing price of of the Company s common stock on February 13, 2019. At December 31, 2022, all shares had vested
and were issued. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to those stock awards. 

options with a weighted average exercise price of , a weighted average contractual term of year, and aggregate
intrinsic value per share had expired. 

of director fees payable in shares of its common stock, of which were issued and 
are issuable as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Company common stock to be issued
to the independent directors of the Company, in payment of quarterly directors fees due to them for services in 2022. 

22 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management including our Chief Executive Officer and our Acting Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were effective. 

(b) Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control
processes and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that reasonably allow us to record, process, summarize, and report
information and financial data within prescribed time periods and in accordance with Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) COSO Framework ). 
Based upon our evaluation, the Company concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,
2022. 

(c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the
Company to provide only management's report in this annual report. 

(d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer and
Acting Chief Financial Officer have also concluded that there have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial
reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially effect, the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

23 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance. 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the Company s
fiscal year end of December 31, 2022 for its annual stockholders meeting for 2022 (the Proxy Statement under the
captions Directors and Executive Officers , Corporate Governance , Compliance with Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act , Code of Ethics and Audit Committee. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Executive Compensation. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

Additional information required by this item is
incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Stock
Ownership of Management and Principal Stockholders . 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

This information required by this item is incorporated
by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the captions Certain Transactions
with Management and Director Independence . 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services. 

The information regarding principal accountant
fees and services and the Company s pre-approval policies and procedures for audit and non-audit services provided by the Company s
independent accountants is incorporated by reference to the Company s Proxy Statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) 
 The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 

Page 

Financial Statements of Wright Investors 
 Service Holdings, Inc.: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 11 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 12 

Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 13 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 14 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows - Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 15 

Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 16 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 17 

(a)(2) 
 Schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information has been included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) 
 See accompanying Index to Exhibits. 

24 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBITS 

3(i) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form S-1, Registration No. 333-118568. 

3(ii) 
 
 Bylaws. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form S-1, Registration No. 333-118568. 

4.1 
 
 Form of certificate representing shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form S-1, Registration No. 333-118568. 

10.1 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Registrant s Form 8-K filed on December 22, 2012. 

14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers of the Registrant and its subsidiaries. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 filed on April 15, 2005 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the principal executive officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the principal financial officer of the Registrant, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 

32 
 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, signed by the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer of the Company 

101.INS 

XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear
 in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 

XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
 document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
 Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

_________________________________ 

Filed within 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

25 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

WRIGHT INVESTORS SERVICE HOLDINGS, INC 

Date: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ HARVEY P. EISEN 

Name: 
 Harvey P. Eisen 

Title: 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Capacity 
 Date 

/s/ HARVEY P. EISEN 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Harvey P. Eisen 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ HAROLD KAHN 
 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer and Acting Principal 
Accounting Officer 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Harold Kahn 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ LAWRENCE G. SCHAFRAN 
 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Lawrence G. Schafran 

/s/ DORT CAMERON III 
 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Dort Cameron III 

26 

<EX-21>
 2
 ex21.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of Subsidiary 

Other Names Under Which 
 Subsidiary Conducts Business 

State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 

NPDV Resources, Inc. 
 
 N/A 
 
 Delaware 

Chestnut Hill Reservoir Company 
 
 N/A 
 
 Connecticut 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Harvey P. Eisen, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or
not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ HARVEY P. EISEN 

Name: 
 Harvey P. Eisen 

Title: 
 Chairman, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31_2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Harold Kahn, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure
controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal
control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report
any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ HAROLD KAHN 

Name: 
 Harold Kahn 

Title: 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer and 

Acting Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report on Form
10-K of Wright Investors Service Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. (section) 1350, as adopted pursuant to (section) 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to
the best of his knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ HARVEY P. EISEN 

Name: 
 Harvey P. Eisen 

Title: 
 Chairman, President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

/s/ HAROLD KAHN 

Name: 
 Harold Kahn 

Title: 
 Acting Chief Financial Officer and 

Acting Principal Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 iwsh-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 iwsh-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 iwsh-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 iwsh-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 iwsh-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

