<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_1826397_0001493152-23-007486.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7627017</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>233949</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1338383</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2519951</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1608414</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1731597</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007486.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230313194308
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007486
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230313

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AGRIFORCE GROWING SYSTEMS LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001826397
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PREFABRICATED METAL BUILDINGS & COMPONENTS [3448]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40578
		FILM NUMBER:		23728803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 - 2233 COLUMBIA STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5Y 0M6
		BUSINESS PHONE:		1-866-226-3514

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		300 - 2233 COLUMBIA STREET
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V5Y 0M6

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007486.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the fiscal year ended , . 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For
 the transition period from [ Date ] to [ Date ] 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

British Columbia 
 
 Not
 Applicable 
 
 (State
or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Note
 Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act from their obligations under those Sections. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such fi les). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to
the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of June 30, 2022 was
approximately . Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and each person known to the
registrant to own 10 or more of the outstanding voting power of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed
affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not a determination for other purposes. 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

PROCEEDINGS
DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

(APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

As
of March 13, 2023, the registrant has shares of common stock, no par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table
of Contents 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 30 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 34 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 35 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 36 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 40 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 41 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 41 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 42 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This
report on Form 10-K contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These forward-looking statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events,
including, but not limited to, any statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation of historical trends;
the sufficiency of our cash balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting policies
on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations; and the economy
in general or the future of the defense industry, all of which were subject to various risks and uncertainties. 

When
used in this Report on Form 10- K and other reports, statements, and information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission or SEC ), in our press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements
made by or with the approval of an executive officer, the words or phrases believes, may, will, 
 expects, should, continue, anticipates, intends, will likely
result, estimates, projects or similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. However, any statements contained in this Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical
fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. We caution that these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties,
certain of which are beyond our control, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. 

We
do not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement. You should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors
described in this annual report. In this Form 10-K, AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. AgriFORCE or the Company has identified important
factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic results. You should understand that it is not possible to
predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider any such list to be a complete list of all potential risks
or uncertainties. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

AgriFORCE 
was incorporated as a private company by Articles of Incorporation issued pursuant to the provisions of the Business Corporations Act
(British Columbia) on December 22, 2017. The Company s registered and records office address is at 300
 2233 Columbia Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada, V5Y 0M6 . 

Our
Business 

AgriFORCE 
is dedicated to positively transforming farm, food, and family every day, everywhere. We aim to achieve this goal by providing novel
agriculturally focused consulting, facility solutions, and products services through our Solutions division, and by leveraging
innovative technologies and processes to deliver healthier more nutritious food to consumers through our Brands division. 

The
AgriFORCE Solutions division is dedicated to transforming modern agricultural development Building from the Seed to Deliver
sustainable, Efficient, and Healthier crops through our integrated Agtech platform 2.0 combining knowledge and IP with CEA equipment
solutions, including our FORCEGH+ solution, implementing solutions that are best suited to the crops and environment chosen. 

Our
AgriFORCE Brands division is focused on the development and commercialization of plant-based ingredients and products that
deliver more nutritious Food to Table . We will market and commercialize both branded consumer product offerings and
ingredient supplies. 

AgriFORCE 
Solutions 

Understanding
Our Approach The AgriFORCE Precision Growth Method 

Traditional
farming includes three fundamental approaches: outdoor, greenhouse and indoor. AgriFORCE introduces a unique fourth method, the AgriFORCE 
precision growth method, which is informed by cutting-edge science and leveraging the latest advances in artificial intelligence (AI)
and Internet of Things (IoT). 

4 

With
a carefully optimized approach to facility design, IoT, AI utilization, nutrient delivery, and micro-propagation, we have devised an
intricate, scientific and high success-oriented approach designed to produce much greater efficacy yields using fewer resources. This
method is intended to outperform traditional growing methods using a specific combination of new and traditional techniques required
to attain this efficiency. We call it precision growth. The AgriFORCE precision growth method focuses on addressing some of the most
important legacy challenges in agriculture: environmental impact, operational efficiency and yield volumes. 

The
AgriFORCE precision growth method presents a tremendous opportunity to positively disrupt all corners of the industry. The market size
of just the nutraceutical and plant-based pharmaceutical and vaccine/therapeutics market is over 500 billion. Including the traditional
hydroponics high value crops and controlled-environment food markets, the addressable market approaches nearly 1 trillion. (1)(2)(3) . 

The
AgriFORCE Model Managing the Difficulties of Agricultural Verticals with Modern Technology and Innovation 

Our
intellectual property combines a uniquely engineered facility design and automated growing system to provide a clear solution to the
biggest problems plaguing most high value crop agricultural verticals. It delivers a clean, self-contained environment that
maximizes natural sunlight and offers near ideal supplemental lighting. It also limits human intervention and crucially
 it was designed to provide superior quality control. It was also created to drastically reduce environmental impact,
substantially decrease utility demands, as well as lower production costs, while delivering customers daily harvests and higher crop
yields. 

Plants
grow most robustly and flavorfully in full natural sunlight. While it may seem counterintuitive to some, even the clearest of glass greenhouses
inhibit the full light spectrum of the sun. However, new translucent and transparent membrane materials have emerged recently that enable
the near-full-transmission of the sun s light spectrum. 

(1)
https://home.kpmg/pl/en/home/insights/2015/04/nutraceuticals-the-future-of-intelligent-food.html 

 (2)
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1057/jcb.2010.37 

 (3)
https://medium.com/artemis/lets-talk-about-market-size-316842f1ab27 

5 

Our
Position in the Ag-Tech Sector 

The
Ag-Tech sector is severely underserved by the capital markets, and we see an opportunity to acquire global companies who have provided
solutions to the industry and are leading innovation moving forward. We are creating a separate corporate office to aggressively pursue
such acquisitions. The robustness of our engagement with potential targets has confirmed our belief and desire to be part of a larger
integrated Ag-Tech solutions provider, where each separate element of the business has its existing legacy business and can leverage
across areas of expertise to expand their business footprint. We believe that there is currently no one that we are aware of who is pursuing
this model in the US capital markets environment at this time. 

The
AgriFORCE Grow House 

The
Company is an agriculture-focused technology company that delivers innovative and reliable, financially robust solutions for high
value crops through our proprietary facility design and automation IP to businesses and enterprises globally. The Company intends to
operate in the plant based pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and high value crop markets using its unique patented facility design and
hydroponics based automated growing system that enable cultivators to effectively grow crops in a controlled environment FORCEGH+ ). The Company has
designed FORCEGH+ facilities to produce in virtually any environmental condition and to optimize crop yields to as near
their full genetic potential possible while substantially eliminating the need for the use of pesticides, fungicides and/or
irradiation. 

The Company continues to develop its solution for fruits
and vegetables focusing on the integration of its current structure with a new form of vertical grow technology. 

BUSINESS
PLAN 

PHASE
1 (COMPLETED): 

Conceptualization,
 engineering, and design of facility and systems. complete 

Completed
 selection process of key environmental systems with preferred vendors. complete 

Selection
 and Land Purchase agreement in Coachella, CA subject to financing. complete 

ForceFilm
 material ordered. complete 

PHASE
2: 

Complete
 the timing of financing for, and purchase of, the selected parcel in Coachella, CA, subject to market conditions, 

Complete
 feasibility study for new contracts structures for facilities with new independent operators. 

Identify procurement of AgriFORCE IP specific automated grow system, supplemental grow lighting and controls systems,
 and manufacture of the building envelope materials. 

Conceptualization
 and design of vertical grow solutions. 

Initiate
 the design of an R D facility for food solutions and plant-based pharma. 

6 

PHASE
3: 

Complete the
 delivery and installation of facilities. Proof of quantitative and qualitative benefits will drive both sales pipeline
 acceleration for subsequent years. 

Complete the design of an R D facility for food solutions and plant-based pharma. Commence engagement with universities and pharmaceutical
 companies. 

Review potential licensing opportunities for the Solutions patent portfolio. 

PHASE
4: 

Focus on delivery
 and installation of additional facilities. 

Expand geographic presence
 into other geographies by introducing the FORCEGH+ to other international markets with a view to securing additional locations
 and markets. 

AgriFORCE 
Brands 

The Company purchased Intellectual Property IP from Manna
Nutritional Group, LLC Manna ), a privately held firm based in Boise, Idaho on September 10, 2021. The IP encompasses a granted
patent to naturally process and convert grain, pulses and root vegetables, resulting in low-starch, low-sugar, high-protein, fiber-rich
baking flour as well as produces a natural sweetener juice. The core process is covered under the Patent Nr. 11,540,538 in the U.S. and
key international markets. The all-natural process is designed to unlock nutritional properties, flavors and other qualities in a range
of modern, ancient and heritage grains, pulses and root vegetables to create specialized all-natural baking and all-purpose flours, sweeteners,
juices, naturally sweet cereals and other valuation products, providing numerous opportunities for dietary nutritional, performance and
culinary applications. 

Wheat
and Flour Market 

Modern
diet is believed to be a contributor to health risks such as heart disease, cancer, diabetes and obesity, due in part to the consumption
of highly processed foods that are low in natural fiber, protein and nutrition; and extremely high in simple starch, sugar and calories.
These empty carbs produce glycemic swings that may cause overeating by triggering cravings for food high in sugar, salt
and starch. As an example, conventional baking flour is low in natural fiber (~ 2-3 ), low-to-average in protein (~ 9 ), and very high
in starch (~ 75 (4) . Whole wheat flour is only marginally better. 

(4) Based
on protein, fiber, and starch content figures from a nationally certified independent laboratory, as compared to
standard all - purpose flour. 

7 

In contrast, foods high in fiber help to satiate hunger, suppress cravings
and raise metabolism (5) . They also assist in weight loss, lower cholesterol, and may reduce the risk of cancer, heart disease
and diabetes. 

Advantages
of the UN(THINK) Foods IP 

The
Controlled Enzymatic Reaction Endothermic Saccharification with Managed Natural Germination CERES-MNG patented process allows for the development and manufacturing of all-natural flours that are significantly higher in fibers, nutrients
and proteins and significantly lower in carbohydrates and calories than standard baking flour. 

CERES-MNG
baking flour produced from soft white wheat has 40 times more fiber, three (3) times more protein and 75 less net carbohydrates
than regular all- purpose flour 8 (6) . 

Source: Independent
analysis by Eurofins Food Chemistry Testing Madison, Inc, February 2022 

The
CERES-MNG patent will help develop new flours and products from modern, ancient and heritage grains, seeds, legumes and tubers/root vegetables. 

(5) https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/articles/14400-improving-your-health-with-fiber 

 (6)
 Based on protein, fiber, and starch content figures from a nationally certified independent laboratory,
as compared to standard all-purpose flour. 

8 

Products
that AgriFORCE intends to develop for commercialization from the CERES-MNG patented process under the UN(THINK) foods brand: 

- 
 High
 protein, high fiber, low carb modern, heritage and ancient grain flours (for use in breads, baked goods, doughs, pastry, snacks,
 and pasta) 

- 
 Protein
 flours and protein additives 

- 
 High
 protein, high fiber, low carb cereals and snacks 

- 
 High
 protein, high fiber, low carb oat based dairy alternatives 

- 
 Better
 tasting, cleaner label high protein, high fiber, low carb nutrition bars 

- 
 High
 protein, high fiber low carb nutrition juices 

- 
 Sweeteners
 liquid, granulated 

- 
 High
 protein, high fiber, low carb pet foods and snacks 

We
intend to commercialize these products behind three (3) main sales channels: 

- 
 Ingredients 

- 
 Branded ingredients 

- 
 Consumer brand 

The business opportunity for AgriFORCE to successfully commercialize
premium specialized products from the UN(THINK) foods IP by capturing a conservatively very small percentage share of the
category it is targeting to enter in the premium segments. We estimate these revenues to be between 500 million and 1 billion by 2030
(excluding any potential revenues from the Maltose-Power Juice applications). 

Breads
 Bakery 

Functional
 Flours 

Pulse
 Flours 

Dairy
 Alternatives 

Nutrition
 Bars 

Total 

Global
 market size of target categories 

222B 

48B 

17B 

6B 

45B 

Potential
 market share 

0.1 

1 

1 

1 

0.1 

AgriFORCE 
 potential net revenues 

100-200M 

200-480M 

100-
 170M 

30-60M 

20-40M 

450-950M 

Sources:
Grand View Research Reports, San Francisco CA, 2018 Estimates. 

9 

While we are working on setting up a pilot plant in Canada to produce the
UN(THINK) power wheat flour for the end of 2023, our patented process allows us to develop a gold-standard sprouted wheat flour,
which we have qualified and have made available for sale through brokers as of January 2023 in Canada and the USA, under the UN(THINK) 
Awakened Grains brand. This new Awakened Grains flour will provide enhanced nutrition with over five times more fiber, up
to two times more protein and 77 of net carbs versus conventional all purpose flour (source: Eurofins Food Chemistry Madison, Inc, December
2022). 

BUSINESS
PLAN 

AgriFORCE s
organic growth plan is to actively establish and deploy the commercialization of products, following the acquisition of the Manna
IP, is focused on four distinct phases: 

PHASE
1 (COMPLETED): 

Product
 and process testing and validation. completed 

Filing
 of US and international patent. completed 

Conceptual
 engineering and preliminary budgeting on commercial pilot plant. completed 

Creation
 of the UN(THINK) foods brand. completed 

Qualification
 and operational and commercial set up of the Awakened Grains line of products completed 

PHASE
2: 

Launch
 of the UN(THINK) Awakened Grains sprouted flour range of products in business to business B2B and
 direct to consumers D2C channels. 

Design,
 build, start-up, and operation of the pilot plant for the fully processed and patented flours 

Develop
 range of finished products behind the wheat grain flours, qualify patented process for pulse/legume, and rice based protein flours. 

Collaborate
 with Nutritional Flour Medical Research Institute (an IRS section 501(c)(3) Medical Research Organization) funded by private 
 public research grants. 

PHASE
3: 

Launch
 first range of fully patent processed products in US/Canada (UN(THINK) power wheat flour. 

Drive
 business with finished products in D2C, retail, food service. 

Drive
 business as ingredients for bakery, snack and plant based protein products manufacturers. 

Develop
 manufacturing base through partnerships and licensing. 

Conceptual
 engineering and preliminary budgeting on large-scale processing plant. 

PHASE
4: 

Expand
 product range in US/Canada. 

Expand
 business to other geographies internationally. 

Design,
 build, start-up, and operation of large-scale processing plan. 

Merger
and Acquisition M A 

With
respect to M A growth, the Company is aggressively pursuing acquisitions in the agriculture technology space. The Company believes
that a buy and build strategy will provide unique opportunities for innovation across each segment of the Ag-Tech market we serve. Our
unique IP combined with the know-how and IP of acquired companies will create additional value if the way we grow or produce crops. The
Company believes there is currently no other public traded publicly in the United States pursing this model. 

10 

Manna Nutritional Group Asset Acquisition 

On September 10, 2021, the Company signed a definitive asset purchase agreement
to acquire food production and processing IP from Manna. 

On May 10, 2022, the Company completed an amendment to its asset purchase
agreement with Manna Nutritional Group LLC, dated September 10, 2021. The amendment required the issuance of prefunded warrants instead
of shares over several tranches and contained covenants to obtain shareholder approval of the acquisition transactions before the prefunded
warrants can be exercised into Company common shares. 

The transaction was fully approved by the shareholders on December 15,
2022. The Company paid consideration of 1,475,000 in cash and issued 7,379,969 prefunded warrants valued at 12,106,677 adjusted for
foreign exchange differences of 492,300. Subject to a 9.99 stopped and SEC Rule 144 restrictions, the prefunded warrants will vest in
tranches up until March 10, 2024. When vested the tranches of prefunded warrants will be converted into an equal number of common shares. 

Delphy
Groep BV Acquisition 

On
February 10, 2022, the Company signed a definitive share purchase agreement (the Delphy Agreement to acquire Delphy,
a Netherlands-based AgTech consultancy firm, for 23.5 million through a combination of cash and stock. The definitive agreement
follows the binding letter of intent as previously announced in the Company s press release in October 2021. Delphy, which optimizes
production of plant-based foods and flowers, has multinational operations in Europe, Asia, and Africa, with approximately 200 employees
and consultants. Delphy s client list includes agriculture companies, governments, universities, and leading AgTech suppliers,
who turn to the company to drive agricultural innovation, solutions, and operational expertise. The Delphy Agreement was negotiated at
arm s length and is not a related party transaction. 

On
September 22, 2022, the Company entered an amendment to the Delphy Agreement, pursuant to which the parties agreed to reduce the total
purchase from 23.5 million to 17.7 million, plus a potential earnout of up to 6.0 million over two (2) years, based
on achieving future performance milestones. The Company also agreed to pay interest in the amount of 0.2 million on the purchase
price and additional interest from November 15, 2022 up to January 15, 2023 (the Long Stop Date ). 

Management
is currently in negotiating an amendment which will extend the Long Stop Date past January 15, 2023. Neither party has provided notice
to terminate the agreement. 

Deroose
Plants NV Binding Letter of Intent 

On
February 23, 2022, the Company signed a binding letter of intent (the Deroose LOI with Deroose Plants NV Deroose ), one of the largest tissue culture propagation companies in the world with a leadership position in
horticulture, plantation crops, and fruit and vegetables. Founded in 1980, Deroose has multi-national operations in Europe, North
America, and Asia, and over 800 employees. 

The
Deroose LOI is subject to completion of standard due diligence and entry into a definitive purchase agreement, which shall include
commercially standard terms and conditions, including, but not limited to, representations and warranties, covenants, events of
default and conditions to closing. 

The
net purchase price by the Company is expected to be approximately 61 million. The purchase price represents approximately 41
million for the Deroose business on a cash and debt free basis and 20 million for the genetic IP portfolio. 

The parties are working through the Letter of Intent. Neither party has provided notice to terminate the agreement. 

Stronghold Land Acquisition 

On
August 30, 2022, the Company entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement PSA with Stronghold Power Systems, Inc. Stronghold to purchase approximately 34 acres of land in Coachella California. The purchase price is 4,300,000, payable as follows: (i) 1,500,000
in cash and (ii) 2,800,000 in restricted shares of common stock of the Company. The stock is being issued in the form of prefunded warrants
in two tranches: (i) 1,700,000 (695,866 prefunded warrants) issued within five days of entry into the PSA, and (ii) 1,100,000 (450,266
prefunded warrants) at closing of the transaction. The first tranche shall be void if closing of the transaction does not occur by March
31, 2023. The prefunded warrants per share exercise price is 2.443 which is subject to certain adjustments. Issuance of all securities
in this transaction are exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Under the terms of
the agreement, Stronghold must complete certain permitting, zoning, and infrastructure work by March 31, 2023, to close the transaction. 

Corporate
Structure 

The Company currently has the following wholly-owned subsidiaries, which
perform the following functions AgriFORCE Investments holds the Company s U.S. investments, West Pender Holdings
retains real estate assets, West Pender Management is a management company, AGI IP holds the Company s intellectual property in
the U.S., un(Think) Food Company will manufacture food products in the U.S. and un(Think) Food Company Canada Ltd. manufactures food products
in Canada: 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Date
 of Incorporation 
 
 AgriFORCE Investments Inc.
 (US) 
 
 Delaware 
 
 April 9, 2019 
 
 West Pender Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 September 1,
 2018 
 
 AGI IP Co. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 March 5, 2020 
 
 West Pender Management Co. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 July 9, 2019 
 
 un(Think) Food
 Company 
 
 Nevada 
 
 June 20, 2022 
 
 un(Think) Food Company Canada
 Ltd. 
 
 British Columbia 
 
 December 4,
 2019 

un(Think) Food Company
 Canada Ltd. changed its name from Daybreak AG Systems Ltd. during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Summary
Three Year History 

From
the date of Incorporation (December 22, 2017) to the date of this filing, the Company has largely been engaged in completion of its initial
corporate organization, assembling its management team, completing the design and engineering of its IP and filing the appropriate intellectual
property protection and taking the initial steps to implement its business plan through the commencement of initial operations.
Significant milestones during this period are as follows: 

The
 Company has substantially finalized the final design and engineering drawings for the FORCEGH+ . 

On
 November 30, 2021, the Company signed an offtake agreement with Humboldt Bliss, Ltd., a Barbadian limited company Humboldt ).
 Under the terms of the contract, AgriFORCE is responsible for constructing its proprietary facility and providing the full
 Standard Operating Procedures SOP s) of the FORCEGH+ and Humboldt is responsible for securing the project s
 land as well as operating the facility. David Welch, a director of the Company, owns a controlling interest in Humboldt and is a
 related party. Mr. Welch recused himself from the final deliberation and approval of the agreement by the board. 

On
 February 18, 2022, the Company signed a license agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd Radical ), a New York corporation
 that has developed a patent pending product line consisting of smart hydroxyl generation systems to eliminate 99.99+ of all pathogens,
 virus, mold, volatile organic compounds and allergy triggers, to commercialize the proprietary hydroxyl generating devices within
 the controlled environment agriculture CEA and food manufacturing industries. The license grants the rights to AgriFORCE 
 in perpetuity as well as joint patent ownership rights for application in CEA. The Company has been working on commercializing these devices for food manufacturing plants, greenhouses, vertical
growing facilities, as well as food, storage, and produce transportation. This is with a goal to drive food security, improve product
freshness, and lengthen shelf-life. 

On
 May 18, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of the food processing intellectual property of Manna Nutritional Group (Manna). 

11 

Financing 

On March 24, 2021, the Company entered into a securities
purchase agreement with certain accredited investors for the purchase of 750,000 in principal amount 600,000 subscription amount) of
senior secured debentures originally due June 24, 2021 (the Bridge Loan ). On June 24, 2021, the due date was extended to
July 12, 2021. The imputed interest rate is encompassed within the original issue discount of the debentures and no additional cash interest
was due. The debentures were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, to certain purchasers who are
accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Each debenture holder will receive a
warrant to purchase shares of common stock in an amount equal to 50 of the principal amount divided by 80 of the initial public offering
price of the Company s common stock. The warrants are exercisable at 80 of the initial public offering price. Transaction costs
of 69,000 have been recorded in connection with the Bridge Loan. The Bridge Loan was fully repaid on July 13, 2021. 

On June 30, 2022, the Company entered into
security purchase agreements with certain accredited investors (the Convertible Debt Investors for the purchase of
 14,025,000 in convertible debentures (the Debentures due December 31, 2024. The interest rates on the Debentures are
5 for the first 12 months, 6 for the subsequent 12 months, and 8 per annum thereafter. Principal repayments will be made in 25
equal monthly installments and began on September 1, 2022. The Debenture may be extended by six months at the election of the
Company by paying a sum equal to six months interest on the principal amount outstanding at the end of the 18 th month, at
the rate of 8 per annum. The Debentures are convertible into common shares at 2.22 per share. The Convertible Debt Investors have
the right to purchase additional tranches of 5,000,000 each, up to a total additional principal amount of 33,000,000. In addition,
the Convertible Debt Investors received 4,106,418 warrants at a strike price of 2.442, which expire on December 31, 2025 (the
 Debenture Warrants ). The Debenture Warrants and Debentures each have down round provisions whereby the conversion and
strike prices will be adjusted downward if the Company issues equity instruments at lower prices. On January 17, 2023, the Convertible Debt Investors
purchased an additional tranche of 5,076,923. The convertible debt and warrants were issued with an exercise price of 1.24. The
issuance of the additional tranche triggered the down round provision, adjusting the exercise prices of the Debentures and the
Debenture Warrants to 1.24. 

Intellectual
Property 

In accordance with industry practice, the Company
protects its proprietary products, technology and its competitive advantage through a combination of contractual provisions and trade
secret, copyright and trademark laws in Canada, the United States and in other jurisdictions in which it conducts its business. The Company
also has confidentiality agreements, assignment agreements and license agreements with employees and third parties, which limit access
to and use of its intellectual property. 

Patents 

We hold seven
(7) patents in the United States and 15 international patents. We also have 18 pending patent applications. These patents and
patents applications are directed to, among other things, technologies planned to be utilized in FORCEGH+ and
UN(THINK) foods. 

Competitor
Comparison and Differentiation 

Solutions 

The
Company believes that it has no direct competitors who provide a proprietary facility design and automated grow system as well as a system
of operational processes designed to optimize the performance of the Company s grow houses. On a broader basis, the competitive
landscape includes greenhouse vendors, agriculture systems providers, automated grow system vendors, and system/solutions consultants. 

12 

The
Company believes it has developed one of the world s most technologically advanced indoor agriculture systems by focusing on competitive
differentiators to deliver vastly improved results beyond conventional indoor approaches. By conceiving new IP, as well as utilizing
tried trued tested existing Ag-Tech and Bio-Tech solutions, the Company delivers integrated unique architectural design, intelligent
automation and advanced growing processes to create precisely controlled growing environments optimized for each nominated crop variety.
These precision ecosystems should enable the Company to cost-effectively produce the cleanest, greenest and most flavorful produce, as
well as consistent medical-grade plant-based nutraceuticals and pharmaceuticals, available. 

Brands 

Our
patented technology naturally processes and converts grains, pulses, and root vegetables into low-starch, low-sugar, high-protein fiber-rich
baking flour products. The Company is developing a range of consumer products to transform the consumers diet in multiple verticals. 

The
Company s UN(THINK) power flour has 40 times more fiber, 3 times more protein, and 75 less net carbs than regular all-purpose
flour 8 . 

(8)
Based on protein, fiber, and starch content figures from a nationally certified independent laboratory, as compared to standard all purpose
flour. 

Recent Developments 

Convertible
Debt Financing 

On
January 17, 2023, the Convertible Debt Investors purchased an additional tranche of 5,076,923 in convertible debentures and received
2,661,289 warrants. The convertible debt and warrants were issued with an exercise price of 1.24. The issuance of the additional tranche
triggered the down round provision, adjusting the exercise prices of the Debentures and the Debenture Warrants to 1.24. 

Berry
People LLC Binding Letter of Intent 

On
January 24, the Company announced it has entered into a binding letter of intent BP LOI to acquire Berry People LLC, Berry People ), a berry business with an increasingly international footprint and a scalable business model. The acquisition
bolsters the AgriFORCE Brands division and allows the Company to realize commercial synergies with UN(THINK) . 

Berry
People was founded in 2017 by berry industry veterans to create a new platform to meet market demand for a branded, year-round supply
of organic and conventional berries. Berry People quickly established a recognized global trade brand and scalable operations, comprised
of over 200 retail and foodservice clients and over 100 grower and exporter clients across the US, Canada, Mexico, and Peru. Berry People
had net revenues of USD 37 (unaudited) million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
LOI states, among other things that: 

the
 transaction will be subject to completion of due diligence to the Company s satisfaction
 and, after satisfactory due diligence, the reaching of agreement on the terms of the purchase
 pursuant to a definitive purchase agreement, including conditions precedent for closing of
 the transaction; 
 
 the
 parties will sign the definitive purchase agreement no later than April 30, 2023, unless
 agreed to by both parties; and 
 
 Berry
 People will not enter into any negotiations with other parties for a period of three months
 following the execution of the BP LOI. 

13 

The
BP LOI sets forth a purchase price of 28.0 million, consisting of 18.2 million in cash and 9.8 million in AgriFORCE restricted
shares, will be paid at closing to acquire 70 of Berry People s equity interests. Berry People will have the opportunity for future
earnouts during the five years after closing based on future revenue and EBITDA targets associated with agreed upon growth targets. 

In
collaboration with AgriFORCE , Berry People aims to further develop backward integration into agricultural production via farming
joint ventures and deploy licensed and developed IP as part of a scalable franchising model. The berries market was 9.65 billion in
2021 in the U.S. alone 7 , with growth rates of around 10 or more each year since
2019 a trend that is expected to continue. 

(7)
As per IRI Integrated Fresh, Latest 52 WE 3/20/2022 

Manna
Patent Issuance 

On January 3, 2023, Manna
satisfied all its contractual obligations when the patent was approved by the US Patents Office and title was transferred to the Company.
The Company issued 1,637,049 shares upon exercise of vested tranches of Manna s prefunded warrants in relation to this transaction
on January 3, 2023. 

Employees 

As
of March 13, 2023, the Company has 15 employees and three consultants. The Company also relies on consultants and contractors to conduct
its operations. The Company anticipates that it will be hiring additional employees to support its planned activities. 

Operations 

The Company primary operating activities are in California, USA and Saskatoon,
Canada. The Company s head office is located in Vancouver, Canada. 

Status as an Emerging Growth Company 

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups
Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take
advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption
of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected to avail
ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
on which adoption of such standards is required for private companies. 

We are in the process of evaluating the benefits of
relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the
JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company, we intend to rely on certain of these exemptions from, without limitation, (i)
providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(PCAOB) regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the
audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will remain an emerging growth company 
until the earliest of (a) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the closing of this offering, (b) the last
day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenues exceed 1.07 billion, (c) the last day of our fiscal year in which we
are deemed to be a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange
Act (which would occur if the market value of our equity securities that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last
business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter), or (d) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible
debt during the preceding three-year period. 

14 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Risks
Relating to the Company s Business 

The
Company is an early stage company with little operating history, a history of losses and the Company cannot assure profitability. 

The Company currently has no revenues and does not have any history of
revenue generating operations. The Company has been involved in the design and development of its CEA FORCEGH+ facility which incorporates
the Company s AgriFORCE micropropagation laboratories, acquisition and advancement of the UN(THINK) foods IP, product base, development of its pilot plant, and transacting with
potential revenue generating acquirees. While the Company has invested considerably in these business plans, no FORCEGH+ facility has been constructed to date, the Company has not generated revenue from UN(THINK) , nor has the Company completed
any acquisition of revenue generating companies. The commercial or operating viability of the Company s business plans have not
been proven. There is no assurance that the revenue generated from its operations, and if those revenues, when and if generated, will
be sufficient to sustain operations, nonetheless achieve profitability. 

There
is no assurance that the Company s FORCEGH+ facilities or micropropagation laboratories will operate as intended. 

The
Company s initial state of its business operations will be to construct and deploy its initial FORCEGH+ facility and micropropagation
laboratories. However, the Company has yet to complete construction of any laboratories. Accordingly, this component of the Company s
business plan is subject to considerable risks, including: 

there is no
 assurance that the laboratories will achieve the intended plantlet production rates; 

the costs of constructing
 and operating the laboratories may be greater than anticipated; 

the potential offtake partners
 who have indicated a willingness to deploy the laboratories at their existing cultivation operations may withdraw and determine not
 to deploy the laboratories; 

there is no assurance that
 the facilities will deliver the intended benefits of high production yields, lower crop losses and reduced operation costs; 

if the company is not able
 to fully develop the grow house or it does not operate as intended, it could prevent the company from realizing any of its business
 goals or achieving profitability; 

the costs of constructing
 the grow houses may be greater than anticipated and the Company may not be able to recover these greater costs through
 increases in the lease rates, license fees and services fees that it charges to its customers; and 

the costs of operating
 the grow house may be greater than anticipated. 

There
is no assurance that UN(THINK) will operate as intended. 

The
Company s plans for developing and advancing the UN(THINK) are in its preliminary stages. The Company has yet to fully launch
their range of products in either the B2B or D2C channels. Accordingly, this component of the Company s business plan is subject
to considerable risks, including: 

the
 costs of constructing and operating the pilot plant may be greater than anticipated; 

the
 potential B2B and D2C sales may not achieved the planned levels of sales; 

there
 is no assurance that the pilot plant will deliver the planned production levels or scale; 

if
 the company is not able to fully develop the pilot plan, it could prevent the company from realizing any of its business goals or
 achieving profitability; 

the
 costs of operating the AgriFORCE pilot plant may be greater than anticipated. 

the
 quality of product from the co-manufacturing may not be sufficient. 

the
 cost from co-manufacturing may be greater than anticipated. 

the
 demand for the products may not be as high as predicted. 

the
 pricing of the products may deter potential buyers and may not cover the cost of production. 

the
 brand may not attract sufficient volume. 

We
may not realize the anticipated benefits of, and synergies from, acquisitions and may become responsible for certain liabilities and
integration costs as a result. 

The
businesses we have proposed to acquire have previously operated independently from us. The proposed integrations of our operations with
the proposed businesses acquisitions are intended to result in financial and operational benefits, and business synergies. There can
be no assurance, however, regarding when or the extent to which we will be able to realize these and other benefits. Integration may
also be difficult, unpredictable, and subject to delay because of possible company culture conflicts, system integrations, regulatory
compliance, and other factors. Difficulties associated with the integration of the proposed business acquisitions could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Fluctuations
in the exchange rate of foreign currencies could result in losses. 

We
incur a portion of our operating expenses in Canadian dollars, and in the future, as we expand into other foreign countries, we expect
to incur operating expenses in other foreign currencies. We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the financial results
of our international operations are translated from the local functional currency into U.S. dollars upon consolidation. A decline in
the U.S. dollar relative to foreign functional currencies would increase our non-U.S. revenue and improve our operating results. Conversely,
if the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to foreign functional currencies, our revenue and operating results would be adversely affected.
We have not previously engaged in foreign currency hedging. If we decide to hedge our foreign currency exchange rate exposure, we may
not be able to hedge effectively due to lack of experience, unreasonable costs or illiquid markets. 

15 

The
Company will require additional financing and there is no assurance that additional financing will be available when required. 

The Company will require substantial additional capital in order to execute
its business plan. Existing funds will not be sufficient and additional financing will be needed for this purpose and for other purposes.
The Company plans to achieve this additional financing through equity and/or debt financing which will likely be dilutive to the position
of then current shareholders. However, there is no assurance that this financing will be available at favorable terms, if at all, when
required, given the Company s small asset base and current lack of revenue. 

The
Company had negative cash flow for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The
Company had negative cash flows from operating activities for year ended December 31, 2022. To the extent that the Company has negative
cash flows from operating activities in future periods, it may need to allocate a portion of its cash reserves to fund such negative
cash flow. The Company may also be required to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or debt securities. There can be
no assurance that the Company will be able to generate a positive cash flow from operating activities, that additional capital or other
types of financing will be available when needed or that these financings will be on terms favorable to the Company. The Company s
actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from the expectations of the Company s management. 

The
Company s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from the expectations of the Company s
management. 

The
Company s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from management s expectations. The process
for estimating the Company s revenue, net income and cash flow requires the use of judgment in determining the appropriate assumptions
and estimates. These estimates and assumptions may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses
are performed. In addition, the assumptions used in planning may not prove to be accurate, and other factors may affect the Company s
financial condition or results of operations. As a result, the Company s revenue, net income and cash flow may differ materially
from the Company s projected revenue, net income and cash flow. 

The
Company expects to incur significant ongoing costs and obligations related to its investment in infrastructure, growth, regulatory compliance
and operations. 

The Company expects to incur significant ongoing costs and obligations
related to its planned investments. To the extent that these costs may be greater than anticipated or the Company may not be able to generate
revenues or raise additional financing to cover these costs, these operating expenses could have a material adverse impact on the Company s
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, future changes in regulations, more vigorous enforcement thereof
or other unanticipated events could increase costs and have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial
condition of the Company. The Company may not be able to recover sufficient revenues to offset its higher operating expenses or to recoup
its initial capital investment. The Company may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including, unforeseen
expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, and other unknown events. If the Company is unable to achieve and sustain profitability,
the market price of our securities may significantly decrease. 

16 

There
is no assurance the Company will be able to repatriate or distribute funds for investment from the United States to Canada or elsewhere. 

In
the event that any of the Company s investments, or any proceeds thereof, any dividends or distributions there from, or any profits
or revenues accruing from such investments in the United States were found to be in violation of money laundering legislation or otherwise,
such transactions may be viewed as proceeds of crime under applicable federal laws, rules and regulations or any other applicable legislation.
This could restrict or otherwise jeopardize the ability of the Company to declare or pay dividends, effect other distributions or subsequently
repatriate such funds back to Canada or elsewhere. 

The
Company may not be able to effectively manage its growth and operations, which could materially and adversely affect its business. 

If
the Company implements it business plan as intended, it may in the future experience rapid growth and development in a relatively short
period of time. The management of this growth will require, among other things, continued development of the Company s financial
and management controls and management information systems, stringent control of costs, the ability to attract and retain qualified management
personnel and the training of new personnel. The Company intends to utilize outsourced resources, and hire additional personnel, to manage
its expected growth and expansion. Failure to successfully manage its possible growth and development could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s business and the value of the shares. 

The
Company may face significant competition from other facilities. 

Many
other businesses in California engage in similar activities to the Company, leasing commercial space to agricultural producers generally,
and providing additional products and services to similar customers. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to compete successfully
against current and future competitors. Competitive pressures faced by the Company could have a material adverse effect on its business,
operating results and financial condition. 

The Company may face significant competition
from other facilities. 

Many other businesses in California engage in similar
activities to the Company, leasing commercial space to agricultural producers generally, and providing additional products and services
to similar customers. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors.
Competitive pressures faced by the Company could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

The Company may face significant competition
from other nutritious food companies. 

We face significant competition from other nutritious
food companies. Many of our competitions may have established brands, more experience and competency in the industry, larger fulfillment
infrastructure, significantly more marketing and other financial resources, and larger customers bases than we do. These factors may allow
our competitions to achieve greater net sales and profits. The significant competition faced by the Company could have a material adverse
effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected. 

There can be no assurance that trade secrets and
other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, misappropriated or circumvented by third parties. Currently, our intellectual
property includes provisional patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications and know-how related to business, product
and technology development. We plan on taking the necessary steps, including but not limited to the filing of additional patents as appropriate.
There is no assurance any additional patents will issue or that when they do issue they will include all of the claims currently included
in the applications. Even if they do issue, those new patents and our existing patents must be protected against possible infringement.
Nonetheless, we currently rely on contractual obligations of our employees and contractors to maintain the confidentiality of our products.
To compete effectively, we need to develop and continue to maintain a proprietary position with respect to our technologies, and business.
The risks and uncertainties that we face with respect to intellectual property rights principally include the following: 

Provisional protection may not result in full patents being granted, and any full patent applications that we
 file may not result in issued patents or may take longer than expected to result in issued patents; 

we may be subject to interference
 proceedings; 

other companies may claim
 that patents applied for by, assigned or licensed to, us infringe upon their own intellectual property rights; 

we may be subject to trademark
 opposition proceedings in the U.S. and in foreign countries; 

17 

any patents that are issued to us
 may not provide meaningful protection; 

we may not be able to develop additional proprietary
 technologies that are patentable; 

other companies may challenge patents licensed or issued
 to us as invalid, unenforceable or not infringed; 

other companies may independently develop similar or
 alternative technologies, or duplicate our technologies; 

other companies may design around technologies that
 we have licensed or developed; 

any patents issued to us may expire and competitors
 may utilize the technology found in such patents to commercialize their own products; and 

enforcement of patents is complex, uncertain and expensive. 

It
is also possible that others may obtain issued patents that could prevent us from commercializing certain aspects of our products or
require us to obtain licenses requiring the payment of significant fees or royalties in order to enable us to conduct our business. If
we license patents, our rights will depend on maintaining our obligations to the licensor under the applicable license agreement, and
we may be unable to do so. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the work-for-hire, intellectual property assignment and confidentiality
agreements entered into by our employees and consultants, advisors and collaborators will provide meaningful protection for our trade
secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of such trade secrets, know- how
or other proprietary information. The scope and enforceability of patent claims are not systematically predictable with absolute accuracy.
The strength of our own patent rights depends, in part, upon the breadth and scope of protection provided by the patent and the validity
of our patents, if any. 

We
operate in an industry with the risk of intellectual property litigation. Claims of infringement against us may hurt our business. 

Our
success depends, in part, upon non-infringement of intellectual property rights owned by others and being able to resolve claims of intellectual
property infringement without major financial expenditures or adverse consequences. Participants that own, or claim to own, intellectual
property may aggressively assert their rights. From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual
property rights of others. Future litigation may be necessary to defend us or our clients by determining the scope, enforceability, and
validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish its proprietary rights. Some competitors have substantially greater resources
and are able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation to a greater degree and for longer periods of time. In
addition, patent holding companies that focus solely on extracting royalties and settlements by enforcing patent rights may target us.
Regardless of whether claims that we are infringing patents or other intellectual property rights have any merit, these claims are time-consuming
and costly to evaluate and defend and could: 

adversely affect
 relationships with future clients; 

cause delays or stoppages
 in providing products; 

divert management s
 attention and resources; 

require technology changes
 to our platform that would cause our Company to incur substantial cost; 

subject us to significant
 liabilities; and 

require us to cease some
 or all business activities. 

18 

In
addition to liability for monetary damages, which may be tripled and may include attorneys fees, or, in some circumstances, damages
against clients, we may be prohibited from developing, commercializing, or continuing to provide some or all of our products unless we
obtain licenses from, and pay royalties to, the holders of the patents or other intellectual property rights, which may not be available
on commercially favorable terms, or at all. 

We
have limited foreign intellectual property rights and may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

We
have limited intellectual property rights outside the United States. Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on devices in all countries
throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States
can be less extensive than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property
to the same extent as laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions
in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States
or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patents to develop their own
products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patents, but enforcement is not as strong
as that in the United States. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. The legal
systems of certain countries, particularly China and certain other developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade
secrets and other intellectual property, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of
competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. To date, we have not sought to enforce any issued patents in these
foreign jurisdictions. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert
our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly
and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in
any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. The requirements
for patentability may differ in certain countries, particularly developing countries. Certain countries in Europe and developing countries,
including China and India, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties.
In those countries, we and our licensors may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we or our licensors are compelled to
grant a license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue
opportunities. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant
commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. 

If
we are unable to obtain or defend our patents, our business could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
patent position is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims
that may be allowed or enforced under our patents or in third-party patents. For example, we might not have been the first to make the
inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and provisional patents; we might not have been the first to file patent
applications for these inventions; others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies;
it is possible that none of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents; our issued patents may not provide a basis
for commercially viable technologies, or may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged and invalidated by
third parties; and, we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 

As
a result, our owned and licensed patents may not be valid and we may not be able to obtain and enforce patents and to maintain trade
secret protection for the full commercial extent of our technology. The extent to which we are unable to do so could materially harm
our business. 

We
have applied for and will continue to apply for patents for certain products. Such applications may not result in the issuance of any
patents, and any patents now held or that may be issued may not provide us with adequate protection from competition. Furthermore, it
is possible that patents issued or licensed to us may be challenged successfully. In that event, if we have a preferred competitive position
because of such patents, such preferred position would be lost. If we are unable to secure or to continue to maintain a preferred position,
we could become subject to competition from the sale of generic products. Failure to receive, inability to protect, or expiration of
our patents would adversely affect our business and operations. 

19 

Patents
issued or licensed to us may be infringed by the products or processes of others. The cost of enforcing our patent rights against infringers,
if such enforcement is required, could be significant, and we do not currently have the financial resources to fund such litigation.
Further, such litigation can go on for years and the time demands could interfere with our normal operations. We may become a party to
patent litigation and other proceedings. The cost to us of any patent litigation, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial.
Many of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation more effectively than we can because of their substantially
greater financial resources. Litigation may also absorb significant management time. 

Unpatented
trade secrets, improvements, confidential know-how and continuing technological innovation are important to our scientific and commercial
success. Although we attempt to and will continue to attempt to protect our proprietary information through reliance on trade secret
laws and the use of confidentiality agreements with our partners, collaborators, employees and consultants, as well as through other
appropriate means, these measures may not effectively prevent disclosure of our proprietary information, and, in any event, others may
develop independently, or obtain access to, the same or similar information. 

International
intellectual property protection is particularly uncertain, and if we are involved in opposition proceedings in foreign countries, we
may have to expend substantial sums and management resources. 

Patent
and other intellectual property law outside the United States is more uncertain and is continually undergoing review and revisions in
many countries. Further, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws
of the United States. For example, certain countries do not grant patent claims that are directed to business methods and processes.
In addition, we may have to participate in opposition proceedings to determine the validity of its foreign patents or its competitors 
foreign patents, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of its efforts and loss of credibility with customers. 

If
we are found to be infringing on patents or trade secrets owned by others, we may be forced to cease or alter our product development
efforts, obtain a license to continue the development or sale of our products, and/or pay damages. 

Our
processes and potential products may violate proprietary rights of patents that have been or may be granted to competitors, universities
or others, or the trade secrets of those persons and entities. As our industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases
that our processes and potential products may give rise to claims that they infringe the patents or trade secrets of others. These other
persons could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin manufacturing and marketing of the affected product
or process. If any of these actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain
a license in order to continue to manufacture or market the affected product or use the affected process. Required licenses may not be
available on acceptable terms, if at all, and the results of litigation are uncertain. If we become involved in litigation or other proceedings,
it could consume a substantial portion of our financial resources and the efforts of our personnel. 

We
rely on confidentiality agreements to protect our trade secrets. If these agreements are breached by our employees or other parties,
our trade secrets may become known to our competitors. 

We
rely on trade secrets that we seek to protect through confidentiality agreements with our employees and other parties. If these agreements
are breached, our competitors may obtain and use our trade secrets to gain a competitive advantage over us. We may not have any remedies
against our competitors and any remedies that may be available to us may not be adequate to protect our business or compensate us for
the damaging disclosure. In addition, we may have to expend resources to protect our interests from possible infringement by others. 

20 

We
have a limited operating history on which to judge our business prospects and management. 

Our
company was incorporated and commenced operations in 2017. Accordingly, we have only a limited operating history upon which to base an
evaluation of our business and prospects. Operating results for future periods are subject to numerous uncertainties and we cannot assure
you that we will achieve or sustain profitability. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks encountered by companies in
the early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. Future operating results will depend upon
many factors, including increasing the number of affiliates, our success in attracting and retaining motivated and qualified personnel,
our ability to establish short term credit lines, our ability to develop and market new products, control costs, and general economic
conditions. We cannot assure you that we will successfully address any of these risks. 

We
may not be able to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company has incurred substantial operating losses since its inception and expects to continue to incur significant operating losses
for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As reflected in the financial statements, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately 32.8 million at December 31, 2022, a net loss of approximately 12.9 million, and approximately 12.1 million
of net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or
the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company anticipates incurring
additional losses until such time, if ever, that it can obtain marketing approval to sell, and then generate significant sales, of its
technology that is currently in development. As such it is likely that additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its
operations and to develop and commercialize its technology. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. The Company is seeking additional financing to support its growth plans. The sale of additional equity may
dilute existing shareholders and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding common
shares. 

Our
management team will be required to devote substantial time to regulatory compliance which may divert our attention from the
day-to-day management of our business. 

Our management team will require substantial attention
from our senior management and could divert our attention away from the day-to-day management of our business. Regulatory compliance is
increasingly complex and management may not have experience in all areas of public company compliance. The management team will seek assistance
from external resources when appropriate for public company regulatory compliance and tax regulatory compliance for applicable jurisdictions. 

The
Company may become subject to litigation, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business, results
from operations, and financial condition. 

The
Company may be named as a defendant in a lawsuit or regulatory action. The Company may also incur uninsured losses for liabilities which
arise in the ordinary course of business, or which are unforeseen, including, but not limited to, employment liability and business loss
claims. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, sales, cash flow
or financial condition. 

If
the Company is unable to attract and retain key personnel, it may not be able to compete effectively. 

The
Company s success has depended and continues to depend upon its ability to attract and retain key management, including the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and technical experts. The Company will attempt to enhance its management and technical expertise by continuing
to recruit qualified individuals who possess desired skills and experience in certain targeted areas. The Company s inability to
retain employees and attract and retain sufficient additional employees or engineering and technical support resources could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations, sales, cash flow or financial condition. Shortages in qualified
personnel or the loss of key personnel could adversely affect the financial condition of the Company, results of operations of the business
and could limit the Company s ability to develop and market its intellectual property. The loss of any of the Company s senior
management or key employees could materially adversely affect the Company s ability to execute the Company s business plan
and strategy, and the Company may not be able to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. The Company does not maintain
key person life insurance policies on any of the Company s employees. 

21 

The
size of the Company s initial target market is difficult to quantify and investors will be reliant on their own estimates on the
accuracy of market data. 

Because
high growth crop technology is in an early stage with uncertain boundaries, there is a lack of information about comparable companies
available for potential investors to review in deciding about whether to invest in the Company and, few, if any, established companies
whose business model the Company can follow or upon whose success the Company can build. Accordingly, investors will have to rely on
their own estimates in deciding about whether to invest in the Company. There can be no assurance that the Company s estimates
are accurate or that the market size is sufficiently large for its business to grow as projected, which may negatively impact its financial
results. The Company regularly follows market research. 

The
Company s industry is experiencing rapid growth and consolidation that may cause the Company to lose key relationships and intensify
competition. 

The
agriculture industry and various verticals within it are undergoing rapid growth and substantial change, which has resulted in an increase
in competitors, consolidation and formation of strategic relationships. Acquisitions or other consolidating transactions could harm the
Company in a number of ways, including by losing strategic partners and or customers if they are acquired by or enter into relationships
with a competitor, losing customers, revenue and market share, or forcing the Company to expend greater resources to meet new or additional
competitive threats, all of which could harm the Company s operating results. As competitors enter the market and become increasingly
sophisticated, competition in the Company s industry may intensify which could negatively impact its profitability. 

The
Company will be reliant on information technology systems and may be subject to damaging cyberattacks. 

The
Company s operations depend, in part, on how well it and its suppliers protect networks, equipment, information technology systems
and software against damage from a number of threats, including, but not limited to, cable cuts, damage to physical plants, natural disasters,
intentional damage and destruction, fire, power loss, hacking, computer viruses, vandalism and theft. The Company s operations
also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software, as well as pre-emptive
expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. Any of these and other events could result in information system failures, delays and/or
increase in capital expenses. The failure of information systems or a component of information systems could, depending on the nature
of any such failure, adversely impact the Company s reputation and results of operations. 

The
Company has not experienced any material losses to date relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, but there can
be no assurance that the Company will not incur such losses in the future. The Company s risk and exposure to these matters cannot
be fully mitigated because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued
development and enhancement of controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks
from attack, damage or unauthorized access is a risk. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend
additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. 

22 

The
Company s officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities resulting in conflicts of interest. 

Although
certain officers and board members of the Company are expected to be bound by anti-circumvention agreements limiting their ability to
enter into competing and/or conflicting ventures or businesses, the Company may be subject to various potential conflicts of interest
because some of its officers and directors may be engaged in a range of business activities. In addition, the Company s executive
officers and directors may devote time to their outside business interests, so long as such activities do not materially or adversely
interfere with their duties to the Company. In some cases, the Company s executive officers and directors may have fiduciary obligations
associated with these business interests that interfere with their ability to devote time to the Company s business and affairs
and that could adversely affect the Company s operations. These business interests could require significant time and attention
of the Company s executive officers and directors. 

In
addition, the Company may also become involved in other transactions which conflict with the interests of its directors and the officers
who may from time to time deal with persons, firms, institutions or companies with which the Company may be dealing, or which may be
seeking investments similar to those desired by it. The interests of these persons could conflict with those of the Company. In addition,
from time to time, these persons may be competing with the Company for available investment opportunities. Conflicts of interest, if
any, will be subject to the procedures and remedies provided under applicable laws. In particular, if such a conflict of interest arises
at a meeting of the Company s directors, a director who has such a conflict will abstain from voting for or against the approval
of such participation or such terms. In accordance with applicable laws, the directors of the Company are required to act honestly, in
good faith and in the best interests of the Company. 

There
is no guarantee that how the Company uses its available funds will yield the expected results or returns which could impact the business
and financial condition of the Company. 

The
Company cannot specify with certainty the particular uses of available funds. Management has broad discretion in the application of its
proceeds. Accordingly, a holder of shares will have to rely upon the judgment of management with respect to the use of available funds,
with only limited information concerning management s specific intentions. The Company s management may spend a portion or
all of the available funds in ways that the Company s shareholders might not desire, that might not yield a favorable return and
that might not increase the value of a purchaser s investment. The failure by management to apply these funds effectively could
harm the Company s business. Pending use of such funds, the Company might invest the available funds in a manner that does not
produce income or that loses value. 

Our
Articles of incorporation, by-laws and certain Canadian legislation, contain provisions that may have the effect of delaying or preventing
a change in control. 

Certain
provisions of our by-laws, together or separately, could discourage potential acquisition proposals, delay or prevent a change in
control and limit the price that certain investors may be willing to pay for our common shares. For instance, our by-laws contain provisions that establish certain advance notice procedures for nomination
of candidates for election as directors at shareholders meetings. 

The
 Investment Canada Act requires any person that is non-Canadian (as defined in the Investment Canada Act who acquires control 
(as defined in the Investment Canada Act of an existing Canadian business to file either a pre-closing application for review
or notification with Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada. An acquisition of control is a reviewable transaction where
prescribed financial thresholds are exceeded. The Investment Canada Act generally prohibits the implementation of a reviewable
transaction unless, after review, the relevant Minister is satisfied that the acquisition is likely to be of net benefit to Canada. Under
the national security regime in the Investment Canada Act , the federal government may undertake a discretionary review of a broader
range of investments by a non-Canadian to determine whether such an investment by a non-Canadian could be injurious to national
security. Review on national security grounds is at the discretion of the federal government and may occur on a pre- or post-closing
basis. 

23 

Furthermore,
limitations on the ability to acquire and hold our common shares may be imposed by the Competition Act (Canada). This legislation
permits the Commissioner of Competition to review any acquisition or establishment, directly or indirectly, including through the acquisition
of shares, of control over or of a significant interest in us. This legislation grants the Commissioner of Competition jurisdiction,
for up to one year, to challenge this type of acquisition before the Canadian Competition Tribunal on the basis that it would, or would
be likely to, substantially prevent or lessen competition. This legislation also requires any person who intends to acquire our common
shares to file a notification with the Canadian Competition Bureau if (i) that person (and their affiliates) would hold, in the aggregate,
more than 20 of all of our outstanding voting shares, (ii) certain financial thresholds are exceeded, and (iii) no exemption applies.
Where a person (and their affiliates) already holds, in the aggregate, more than 20 of all of our outstanding voting shares, a notification
must be filed if (i) the acquisition of additional shares would bring that person s (and their affiliates) holdings to over 50 ,
(ii) certain financial thresholds are exceeded and (iii) no exemption applies. Where a notification is required, the legislation prohibits
completion of the acquisition until the expiration of the applicable statutory waiting period, unless compliance with the waiting period
has been waived or the Commissioner of Competition provides written notice that he does not intend to challenge the acquisition. The
Commissioner of Competition s review of a notifiable transaction for substantive competition law considerations may take longer
than the statutory waiting period. 

We
are governed by the corporate laws of British Columbia, Canada which in some cases have a different effect on shareholders than the corporate
laws of the United States . 

We are incorporated under the Business Corporations Act (British Columbia) 
(the BC Act and other relevant laws, which may affect the rights of shareholders differently than those of a company governed
by the laws of a U.S. jurisdiction, and may, together with our charter documents, have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging
another party from acquiring control of our company by means of a tender offer, a proxy contest or otherwise, or may affect the price
an acquiring party would be willing to offer in such an instance. The material differences between the BC Act and Delaware General Corporation
Law DGCL that may have the greatest such effect include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) for certain corporate
transactions (such as mergers and amalgamations or amendments to our articles) the BC Act generally requires the voting threshold to be
a special resolution approved by 66 2/3 of shareholders, or as set out in the articles, as applicable, whereas DGCL generally only requires
a majority vote; and (ii) under the BC Act a holder of 5 or more of our common shares can requisition a special meeting of shareholders,
whereas such right does not exist under the DGCL. We cannot predict whether investors will find our company and our common shares less
attractive because we are governed by foreign laws. 

Risks
Related to the Ownership of Our Common Shares 

New
laws, regulations, and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure may create uncertainty for public companies,
increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. 

These
laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result,
may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by the courts and other bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. If our efforts to comply
with new laws, regulations, and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related
to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely
affected. 

As
a public company subject to these rules and regulations, we may find it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could
also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our Board of Directors, particularly to serve on its audit
committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 

24 

The
market price of our common shares and Series A Warrants may be volatile, and you may not be able to resell your common shares and Series
A Warrants at or above the acquisition price. 

The
market price for our common shares and Series A Warrants may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors including
the following: 

actual or anticipated
 fluctuations in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

changes in financial or
 operational estimates or projections; 

conditions in markets generally; 

changes in the economic
 performance or market valuations of companies similar to ours; 

general economic or political
 conditions in the United States or elsewhere; 

any delay in development
 of our products or services; 

failure to comply with
 regulatory requirements; 

inability to commercially
 launch products and services and market and generate sales of our products and services, 

developments or disputes
 concerning intellectual property rights; 

our or our competitors 
 technological innovations; 

general and industry-specific
 economic conditions that may affect our expenditures; 

changes in market valuations
 of similar companies; 

announcements by us or
 our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, capital commitments, new technologies,
 or patents; 

future sales of our common
 shares or other securities, including shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants or convertible securities or otherwise
 issued pursuant to certain contractual rights; 

period-to-period fluctuations
 in our financial results; and 

low or high trading volume
 of our common shares due to many factors, including the terms of our financing arrangements. 

In
addition, if we fail to reach an important research, development or commercialization milestone or result by a publicly expected deadline,
even if by only a small margin, there could be significant impact on the market price of our common shares. Additionally, as we approach
the announcement of anticipated significant information and as we announce such information, we expect the price of our common shares
to be particularly volatile and negative results would have a substantial negative impact on the price of our common shares and Series
A Warrants. 

In
addition, in recent years, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had
a significant effect on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including for reasons unrelated to their operating performance.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our stock price, notwithstanding our operating results. The market price of our
common shares and Series A Warrants will fluctuate and there can be no assurances about the levels of the market prices for our common
shares and Series A Warrants. 

In
some cases, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, shareholders have often instituted class
action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion
of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our business operations and reputation. 

25 

As
an emerging growth company under applicable law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave
our shareholders without information or rights available to shareholders of more mature companies. 

For
as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we have elected to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to: 

not being required
 to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

being permitted to provide
 only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly
 reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; 

reduced disclosure obligations
 regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; 

taking advantage of an
 extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standard; and 

exemptions from the requirements
 of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
 approved. 

We
expect to take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Because of these
lessened regulatory requirements, our shareholders would be left without information or rights available to shareholders of more mature
companies. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common shares less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our stock price
may be more volatile. 

We
are also a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and have elected to follow certain scaled
disclosure requirements available to smaller reporting companies. 

Because
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth
company our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of
the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates and may contain less or more modified disclosure than
those public companies. Because our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective
dates, investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing our business, performance or prospects in comparison to other public companies,
which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity of our common shares. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit your ability to buy and sell our common shares, which could depress the price of our shares. 

Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (FINRA) rules require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment
is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities
to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is
a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common shares, which may limit your ability to buy
and sell our shares, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares, and thereby depress our share price. 

26 

If
research analysts do not publish research about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common shares or
Series A Warrants, our securities price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our securities may depend in part on the research and reports that research analysts publish about us and our business.
If we do not maintain adequate research coverage, or if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or
unfavorable research about our business, the price of our common shares and Series A Warrants could decline. If one or more of our research
analysts ceases to cover our business or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which could
cause the price of our common shares and Series A Warrants or trading volume to decline. 

We
may issue additional equity securities, or engage in other transactions that could dilute our book value or relative rights of our common
shares, which may adversely affect the market price of our common shares and Series A Warrants. 

Our
Board of Directors may determine from time to time that it needs to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares of our
common shares or other securities. Except as otherwise described in this filing, we will not be restricted from issuing additional
common shares, including securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive common shares. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other
factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings, or the prices at
which such offerings may be affected. Additional equity offerings may dilute the holdings of existing shareholders or reduce the
market price of our common shares and Series A Warrants, or all of them. Holders of our securities are not entitled to pre-emptive
rights or other protections against dilution. New investors also may have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to, and
that adversely affect, then-current holders of our securities. Additionally, if we raise additional capital by making offerings of
debt or preference shares, upon our liquidation, holders of our debt securities and preference shares, and lenders with respect to
other borrowings, may receive distributions of its available assets before the holders of our common shares. 

An
investment in our Series A Warrants is speculative in nature and could result in a loss of your investment therein. 

The Series A Warrants do not confer any rights of common share ownership
on their holders, such as voting rights or the right to receive dividends, but rather merely represent the right to acquire shares of
our common shares at a fixed price for a limited period of time. Specifically, commencing on the date of issuance, holders of the Series
A Warrants may exercise their right to acquire the common shares and pay an exercise price of 6.00 per share, prior to three years from
the date of issuance, after which date any unexercised Series A Warrants will expire and have no further value. Moreover, the market value
of the Series A Warrants is uncertain and there can be no assurance that the market value of the Series A Warrants will equal or exceed
their initial price. There can be no assurance that the market price of the common shares will ever equal or exceed the exercise price
of the Series A Warrants, and consequently, whether it will ever be profitable for holders of the Series A Warrants to exercise the Series
A Warrants. 

Our
Series A Warrants and contain a provision which only permits securities claims to be brought in federal court. 

Section
11 of our Series A Warrants states in relevant part: The Company hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts sitting in The City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (except for claims brought under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which must be brought in federal court) . Therefore any
claims with respect to our Series A Warrants brought under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act must be brought
in federal court while all other claims may be brought in federal or state court. Proceedings in federal court may be more expensive
than in state court due to more comprehensive rules on how discovery and motion and trial practice are handled. This provision may have
a dampening effect on claims brought under these securities laws or limit the ability of the investor to bring a claim in the jurisdiction
it deems more favorable. This provision is likely enforceable as requirements regarding bringing securities claims have been met, but
it may have the overall effect of discouraging litigation due to the circumstances described herein. 

27 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a
return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common shares. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common shares and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common
shares in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common shares after price appreciation, which may
never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. There is no guarantee that our common shares will appreciate
in value or even maintain the price at which our shareholders have purchased their shares. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
Company currently leases office space at 2233 Colombia Street, Suite 300, Vancouver, B.C., V5Y 0M6 as its principal office. The Company believes the offices are in good condition and
satisfy its current operational requirements. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

We
are subject to the legal proceeding and claims described in detail in Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies to the audited
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with
certainty, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we do not believe the outcome of such legal proceeding and claims, if determined
adversely to us, would be reasonably expected to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation
can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
information 

Our
common stock is currently quoted on Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AGRI , and warrants under the symbol AGRIW .
Trading in our common stock has historically lacked consistent volume, and the market price has been volatile. 

On March 13, 2023, the closing price for our common stock as reported on
the Nasdaq Capital Market was 0.87 per share. 

Securities
outstanding and holders of record 

On March 13, 2023, there were approximately 305 shareholders of record
for our common stock and 18,156,154 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common shares. However, we have paid common share dividends on our preferred stock. Our preferred stock was retired and there were no preferred shares outstanding
after the IPO. We anticipate
that we will retain funds and future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Therefore,
we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future following this offering. Any future determination
to pay cash dividends on our common shares will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition,
results of operations, capital requirements and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, the terms of any
future debt or credit financings may preclude us from paying dividends. 

Information
respecting equity compensation plans 

The Company adopted a stock option plan
originally on December 12, 2018 (the Option Plan ), as amended, under which the compensation committee of the Board (the
 Compensation Committee may from time to time in its discretion, recommend changes to the Option Plan to grant to directors,
officers, employees and consultants of the Company non-transferable options to purchase common shares Options ). The Board
of Directors review recommendations and approve changes. As of the date of this filling, the Company has 1,382,629 Options outstanding.
The Option Plan was approved by the shareholders of the Company on June 10, 2019. 

The
following table provides information with respect to options outstanding under our Plan as at December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 
 Weighted- average
exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 1,382,629 
 3.30 
 431,986 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,382,629 
 3.30 
 431,986 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
Company had the following sales of unregistered securities during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

# of shares 
 Amount 
 
 Common shares issued for bonuses and compensation 
 266,765 
 520,230 
 
 Common shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 
 67,568 
 131,532 
 
 Common shares issued to consultants 
 284,767 
 853,457 
 
 Total common shares issued 
 619,100 
 1,505,219 

29 

The
Company had the following sales of unregistered securities from January 1, 2023 to March 13, 2023: 

# of shares 
 Amount 
 
 Common shares issued for conversion of vested prefunded warrants 
 1,637,049 
 2,959,108 
 
 Common shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 
 71,807 
 1,038,073 
 
 Common shares issued to consultants 
 12,500 
 26,000 
 
 Total common shares issued 
 2,360,356 
 4,023,181 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchasers 

There
were no repurchases of shares of common stock made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

As
a registrant that qualifies as a smaller reporting company, AgriFORCE is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Prospective
investors should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our financial
statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained
in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy
for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. You should review the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in the following discussion and analysis. 

30 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Revenues 

The
Company has not generated any revenue since inception. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses primarily consist of wages and salaries, professional fees, consulting, office and administration, investor and public
relations, research and development, and share-based compensation. Operating expenses increased in the year ended December 31, 2022
by 6,727,450 as compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to the following: 

Wages
 and salaries increased by 2,156,838 due to increased headcount for the Company s expansion of operations including UN(THINK) .

Professional
 fees and consulting increased by 1,786,876 and 1,473,495, respectively due to increased legal and financial consulting services
 fees incurred for significant M A activity. 

Office
 and administrative increased by 547,604 due to increase in operational costs from the Company s operational growth, increased
 headcount, and public company insurance and administration costs. 

Investor
 and public relations expense increased by 159,087 due to increased Company campaigns during 2022 to increase Company awareness and
 provide information to the public. 

Sales
 and marketing increased by 387,130 to support the ramp up of UN(THINK) . Costs include brand development, marketing campaigns,
 and other miscellaneous marketing costs. 

Share
 based compensation expense decreased by 375,426 due to previous issued options becoming fully vested during the 2022, decreasing
 the share based compensation recognized for graded vesting as well as lower market prices for 2022 option issuances. 

Travel
 and entertainment increased by 211,240 due to increase in international travel for expanded Company operations and M A activity.

Lease
 expense increased by 150,647 due to full year of Vancouver office lease for 2022. Vancouver office lease was entered into July 2021.

Shareholder
 and regulatory expense increased by 77,988 due to increased costs for public company regulatory and shareholder expenses for the
 full 2022 year. The Company completed their listing on July 12, 2021, as such 2021 had increased expense for 6 months of 2021. 

Other expenditures amount to an additional 151,971 between 2021 and 2022. 

Research
and Development 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company spent 615,693 as
compared to 474,338 for the year ended December 31, 2021 in research and development costs in relation to the license agreement with
Radical, the testing, nutrient, and micro analysis for UN(THINK) food product development, as well as costs of design and construction
for the Coachella land and its future structure. The following represents the breakdown of research and development activities: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 License agreement 
 256,703 
 - 
 
 Product development 
 179,563 
 296,931 
 
 Design and construction 
 179,427 
 177,407 

615,693 
 474,338 

The increase in research and development expenses was due to product development
costs for UN(THINK) food products. 

Other
(Income) / Expenses 

Other
income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased due to the following: 

Change
 in fair value of derivative liabilities showed a larger gain by 2,528,486 due to decreased derivative liabilities fair values. 

Issuance
 cost related to warrants decreased by 374,465 due to no warrant issuance costs incurred during 2022. 

Foreign
 exchange gain increased by 127,103 due to an increase in USD to CAD foreign exchange rates compared to 2021. 

Gain
 on debt conversion of 93,973 (nil 2021) from the conversion of 150,000 of convertible debentures into the Company s
 common shares. 

Other
 income increased by 75,823 from interest earned on cash deposited into savings accounts during the year. 

Offset
 by an increase of accretion interest on debentures of 2,913,049 from the issuance of 14,025,000 in convertible debentures during
 the year. 

31 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. In order to determine if assets have been
impaired, assets are grouped and tested at the lowest level for which identifiable independent cash flows are available asset
group ). An impairment loss is recognized when the sum of projected undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the
asset group. The measurement of the impairment loss to be recognized is based on the difference between the fair value and the carrying
value of the asset group. Fair value can be determined using a market approach, income approach or cost approach. The reversal of impairment
losses is prohibited. 

Equity-linked instruments 

The fair value of the Company s warrants is determined in accordance
with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, which establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the assumptions (inputs)
to valuation techniques used to price assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value. The hierarchy, as defined below, gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. The guidance for fair value measurements requires that assets and liabilities measured at fair value be classified and disclosed
in one of the following categories: 

Level 1: Defined as observable inputs, such as quoted (unadjusted) prices
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Defined as observable inputs other than quoted prices included
in Level 1. This includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. 

Level 3: Defined as unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that
are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value measurements are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies
or similar valuation techniques, as well as significant management judgment or estimation. 

The Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its
convertible instruments in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ), which provides that if three criteria
are met, the Company is required to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free-standing derivative
financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which; 

(a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument
are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract; 

 (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument
and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes
in fair value reported in earnings as they occur; and 

 (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative
instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. 

ASC 815 also provides an exception to this rule when the host instrument
is deemed to be conventional as defined under professional standards as The Meaning of Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument. 

The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined
that the embedded conversion options should not be bifurcated from their host instruments) in accordance with professional standards when
 Accounting for Convertible Securities with Beneficial Conversion Features, as those professional standards pertain to Certain
Convertible Instruments. 

The debenture conversion features are categorized as a Level 3 financial
instrument. The Company utilized the Monte Carlo option-pricing for valuing the convertible features. 

The Debenture Warrants are categorized as a Level 3 financial instrument.
The Company utilized the Monte Carlo option-pricing model to value the Debenture Warrants. 

The most subjective assumptions in such option pricing models include the
implied volatility, expected term, risk-free rate and the probability of triggering the down-round provisions. 

Share
Based Compensation 

The Company generally uses the straight-line method to allocate compensation
cost to reporting periods over each optionee s requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, and estimates the
fair value of stock-based awards to employees and directors using the Black-Scholes option-valuation model (the Black-Scholes model ).
.. This model incorporates certain assumptions for inputs including a risk-free market interest rate, expected dividend yield of the underlying
common stock, expected option life, and expected volatility in the market value of the underlying common stock. The Company recognizes
any forfeitures as they occur. 

32 

Income
Taxes 

Current tax expense is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for
the period, using tax rates enacted at period-end. 

Deferred tax assets, including those arising from tax loss carryforwards,
requires management to assess the likelihood that the Company will generate sufficient taxable earnings in future periods in order to
utilize recognized deferred tax assets. Assumptions about the generation of future taxable profits depend on management s estimates
of future cash flows. In addition, future changes in tax laws could limit the ability of the Company to obtain tax deductions in future
periods. To the extent that future cash flows and taxable income differ significantly from estimates, the ability of the Company to realize
the net deferred tax assets recorded at the reporting date could be impacted. 

The Company operates in various tax jurisdictions and is subject to audit
by various tax authorities. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The Company s primary need for liquidity is to fund working capital
requirements, capital expenditures, and for general corporate purposes. The Company s ability to fund operations and make planned
capital expenditures and debt service obligations depends on future operating performance and cash flows, which are subject to prevailing
economic conditions, financial markets, business and other factors. We have recorded a net loss of 12,873,102 for the year ended December
31, 2022 compared to 6,643,116 for the year ended December 31, 2021; and recorded an accumulated deficit of 32,774,094 as of December
31, 2022 19,900,992 December 31, 2021). Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 12,079,359
compared to 5,136,947 for year ended December 31, 2021. 

We
had 2,269,320 in cash as at December 31, 2022 as compared to 7,775,290 as at December 31, 2021. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the cost and
 timing of our regulatory activities, especially the process to obtain regulatory approval for our intellectual properties in the
 U.S. and foreign countries; 

the costs of R D activities we undertake to further
 develop our technology; 

the costs of constructing our grow houses, including
 any impact of complications, delays, and other unknown events; 

the costs of commercialization activities, including
 sales, marketing and production; 

the costs of our M A activity; 

the level of working capital required to support our
 growth; and 

our need for additional
 personnel, information technology or other operating infrastructure to support our growth and operations as a public company. 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company is at an early stage of development. As such it is
likely that additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to develop and commercialize its technology.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

For
the next twelve months from issuance of these financial statements, the Company will seek to obtain additional capital through the sale
of debt or equity financings or other arrangements to fund operations; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing shareholders and newly issued
shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding common shares. Issued debt securities may contain
covenants and limit the Company s ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to shareholders. If the Company is unable
to obtain such additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to the uncertainty in the Company s
ability to raise capital, management believes that there is substantial doubt in the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
for twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. 

Cash
Flows 

The net cash used by operating activities for the year ended December 31,
2022 is attributable to a net loss of 12,873,102 due to operating costs which are mentioned above. The net loss was adjusted primarily
by the following non-cash expenses: 

Amortization of debt issuance costs of 3,057,825 from the issuance of 14,025,000 convertible debentures during the year. 

Share
 issuances for consulting services and compensation as well as share-based compensation from vesting stock options of 760,162, 520,230
 and 420,715, respectively due to increased business consulting and executive compensation. 

This
 was partially offset by a non-cash change in the fair value of derivative liabilities of 3,719,869 due to decreased securities prices. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021 net cash used by operating activities was attributable to net loss of 6,643,116 owing to wages, consulting
expenses, professional fees, research and development expenses and general administrative expenses. The net loss was adjusted primarily
by the following non-cash expenses: 

Shared
 based compensation of 796,141; and 

Shares
 issued for consulting services amounting to 321,121. 

33 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the net cash used in investing activities is related to the payment against acquisition of IP
intangible asset of 500,000 and acquisition of equipment and leasehold improvements amounting to 104,986 due to increased staffing
and office renovations, respectively. Comparatively, investing activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 mainly included
payments for acquisition of IP assets amounting to 225,000 and payments for construction in progress of 744,191. 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 represents net proceeds from debentures of 12,750,000. This
was partially offset by financing costs of debentures of 1,634,894 and repayments of
 2,805,000 as well as payment of 750,000 for the acquisition of an intangible asset. The net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 mainly
represents cash proceeds from the IPO of 13,360,616, net of underwriting discount and issue costs, proceeds from issuance of senior
secured debentures, net of transaction costs of 531,000, proceeds from exercise of warrants of 238,800, as well as proceeds from
long-term loan of 15,932, which was offset by repayment of senior secured debentures of 750,000. 

Recent
Financings 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company entered into security purchase agreements with certain accredited investors for the purchase of 14,025,000
in principal amount of convertible debentures due December 31, 2024. On July 7, 2022, 12,750,000 of proceeds were received net of 1,275,000
in original issuance discount, less financing costs of 1,634,894. 

On January 17 and 18, 2023, the investors purchased
additional tranches of convertible debentures for the principal amount of 5,076,923 due July 17 and 18, 2025. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As
a registrant that qualifies as a smaller reporting company, AgriFORCE is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

34 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each
of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2, the Company has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and
sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Explanatory Paragraph Change in Accounting Principle 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company changed its method of accounting for leases in 2022 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) ,
as amended, effective January 1, 2022, using the modified retrospective approach. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/

Marcum
 llp 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

March
13, 2023 

F- 1 

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 (Expressed
in US dollars) 

Note 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current 

Cash 

Other receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 4 

Total current assets 

Non-current 

Property and equipment, net 
 5 

Intangible asset 
 7 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 16 
 
 - 
 
 Lease deposit, non-current 
 
 - 

Construction in progress 
 6 

Land deposit 
 4 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 8 

Contingent consideration payable 
 7 
 - 

Debentures 
 9 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability current 
 16 
 
 - 
 
 Total current liabilities 

Non-current 

Deferred rent 
 
 - 

Lease liability non-current 
 16 
 
 - 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 11 

Long term loan 
 10 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 17 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders equity 

Common shares, par value per share - unlimited shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 12 

Additional paid-in-capital 
 12 

Obligation to issue shares 
 12 
 - 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Expressed
in US dollars) 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Wages and salaries 

Professional fees 

Consulting 

Office and administrative 

Investor and public relations 

Research and development 
 15 

Share based compensation 
 12 

Sales and marketing 

- 
 
 Lease expense 
 16 

Travel and entertainment 

Shareholder and regulatory 

Depreciation 
 5 

Operating loss 

OTHER EXPENSES / (INCOME) 

Foreign exchange gain 

Gain on conversion of convertible debt 
 9 
 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 
 11 

Accretion of interest on debentures 
 9 

Write-off of deposit 
 
 - 

Issuance cost related to warrants 
 
 - 

Loss on extension of debt term 
 
 - 

Other income 

- 

Net loss 

Dividend paid to preferred shareholders 
 
 - 

Net loss attributable to common shareholders 

Other comprehensive loss 

Foreign currency translation 

Comprehensive loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted net loss attributed to common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (Expressed
in US dollars, except share numbers) 

Note 

#
 of Shares 

Amount 

#
 of Shares 

Amount 

capital 

shares 

Deficit 

income
 (loss) 

Equity 

Common
 Shares 

Series
 A Preferred Shares 

Additional
 Paid-in- 

Obligation
 to issue 

Accumulated 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive 

Total
 Shareholders 

Note 

#
 of Shares 

Amount 

#
 of Shares 

Amount 

capital 

shares 

Deficit 

income
 (loss) 

Equity 

Balance, December
 31, 2020 

() 

Shares
 issued for cash 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for conversion of series A Preferred Stock 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued on exercise
 of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued on cashless
 exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued on exercise
 of options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued on cashless
 exercise of options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for bonus and compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for consulting services 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Share issued
 for settlement of accrued director s fee 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares
 issued for dividend on Preferred shares 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

Share issue costs 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Share based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Foreign
 currency translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance, value 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Shares
 issued for conversion of convertible debt 

9 12 

Shares
 issued for bonus and compensation 

12 

Shares
 issued for consulting services 

12 

() 

Share issued
 for settlement of accrued director s fee 

Prefunded
 warrants issued 

7 

Share based compensation 

12 

Net loss 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Foreign
 currency translation 

() 

() 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance,
value 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

AGRIFORCE
GROWING SYSTEMS LTD. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Expressed
in US Dollars) 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Note 
 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

5 

Share based compensation 

12 

Shares issued for consulting services 

12 

Shares issued for compensation and bonuses 

12 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

9 

Loss on extension of debt term 

- 

Write-off of deposit 

- 

Issuance cost related to warrants 

- 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on debt conversion 

- 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Right-of-use asset 

- 
 
 Lease liabilities 

- 
 
 Lease deposit, non-current 

- 

Deferred rent 

- 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Acquisition of equipment and leasehold improvements 

Payment against acquisition of intangibles 

7 

Return of deposit on purchase of land 

- 
 
 Deposit for purchase of land 

- 

Construction in progress 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from debentures net of discount 

- 
 
 Repayment of convertible debentures 

- 
 
 Financing costs of debentures 

Payment for acquisition of intangible asset 

7 

- 
 
 Proceeds from initial public offering 

- 

Payment of IPO costs 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

- 

Proceeds from long term loan 

- 

Proceeds from senior secured debentures - net 

- 

Repayment of senior secured debentures 

- 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

- 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Change in cash 

Cash, beginning of year 

Cash, end of year 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for interest 

- 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions 

Initial fair value of warrants issued in connection with issuance of debentures 

- 
 
 Initial fair value of conversion feature of debentures 

- 
 
 Prefunded warrants issued related to intangible assets 

- 
 
 Prefunded warrants related to land deposit 

- 
 
 Shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 

- 
 
 Initial operating lease liability recognized under Topic 842 

- 
 
 Initial lease right-of-use asset recognized under Topic 842 

- 
 
 Initial fair value of warrants liability 

- 

Preferred stock dividend paid in common shares 

- 

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common shares 

- 

Unpaid amount related to intangible assets included in accrued expenses 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Expressed
in US Dollars, except where noted) 

un(Think)
 Food Company Canada Ltd. 

West
 Pender Holdings, Inc. 

AgriFORCE
 Investments Inc. 

West
 Pender Management Co. 

AGI
 IP Co. 

un(Think)
 Food Company 

un(Think) Food Company,
a wholly owned subsidiary commenced operations in 2022 and their results are consolidated into the results of the Company. 

Functional
and Reporting Currency 

The
functional currency for each entity included in these consolidated financial statements is the currency of the primary economic environment
in which the entity operates. These consolidated financial statements are presented in United States dollars U.S. dollars ).
Currency conversion to U.S. dollars is performed in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes. Significant estimates reflected in these financial statements include, but are not limited to, accounting
for share-based compensation, valuation of derivative liabilities, valuation of embedded conversion feature, going concern, impairment
as well as depreciation method. Actual results could differ from these estimates and those differences could be material. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company has incurred substantial operating losses since its inception, and expects to continue to incur significant operating losses
for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. As reflected in the financial statements, the Company had an accumulated
deficit of approximately million at December 31, 2022, a net loss of approximately 
 million, and approximately 
 million of net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Company anticipates incurring additional losses until such time, if ever,
that it can obtain marketing approval to sell, and then generate significant sales, of its technology that is currently in development.
As such it is likely that additional financing will be needed by the Company to fund its operations and to develop and commercialize
its technology. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company is
seeking additional financing to support its growth plans. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing shareholders and newly issued
shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding common shares. 

cash equivalents as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

years 
 
 Furniture
 and fixtures 

years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 

Gains
or losses arising on the disposal of property, plant and equipment are determined as the difference between the disposal proceeds and
the carrying amount of the assets and are recognized in profit or loss within other income or other expenses. 

Construction
in progress includes construction progress payments, deposits, engineering costs, interest expense for debt financing on long-term construction
projects and other costs directly related to the construction of the facilities. Expenditures are capitalized during the construction
period and construction in progress is transferred to the relevant class of property and equipment when the assets are available for
use, at which point the depreciation of the asset commences. 

years. Amortization expense is allocated to general and administrative
expense. No amortization expense has been taken on the granted patent as it was available for use starting January 2023. 

. Leases with an initial term of or less are not recorded
on the balance sheet, but payments are recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The
Company s contracts can contain both lease and non-lease components. The non-lease components may include maintenance, utilities,
and other operating costs. The Company combines the lease and non-lease components of fixed costs in its leases as a single lease component.
Variable costs, such as utilities or maintenance costs, are not included in the measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
These costs are expensed when the event determining the amount of variable consideration to be paid occurs. 

Lease
liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of future lease payments over the expected
lease term. The Company determines the present value of future lease payments by using its estimated secured incremental borrowing rate
for that lease term as the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The Company estimates its incremental borrowing
rate for each lease based on the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments
over a similar term. 

As
part of the issuance of debentures on March 24, 2021 and June 30, 2022, the Company issued warrants having strike price denominated in
U.S. Dollars. This creates an obligation to issue shares for a price that is not denominated in the Company s functional currency
and renders the warrants not indexed to the Company s stock, and therefore, must be classified as a derivative liability and measured
at fair value. On the same basis, the Series A Warrants and the representative warrants issued as part of the IPO are also classified
as a derivative liability and measured at fair value. 

The
fair value of the Company s warrants is determined in accordance with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, which
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the assumptions (inputs) to valuation techniques used to price assets or liabilities
that are measured at fair value. The hierarchy, as defined below, gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The guidance for fair value measurements requires
that assets and liabilities measured at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the following categories: 

Level
 1: Defined as observable inputs, such as quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level
 2: Defined as observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1. This includes quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities
 in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs
 that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level
 3: Defined as unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant
 to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 assets and liabilities include those whose fair value
 measurements are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar valuation techniques, as well as
 significant management judgment or estimation. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s warrant liability related to IPO warrants and representative s warrant amounting to 
(December 31, 2021 - is reported at fair value and categorized as Level 1 inputs. The fair value of derivative liabilities
related to the Debenture Warrants and Debenture Convertible Feature that were issued during the year amounted to (December
31, 2021 - nil and were categorized as level 3 inputs. The Bridge Warrants that were issued and exercised in the year ended December
31, 2021 were also categorized as level 3 inputs. (See Note 9 and Note 11) 

The
Company records uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process whereby (1) a determination is made as to whether it is more likely
than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 
likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and
penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Significant judgment is required in the identification
of uncertain tax positions and in the estimation of penalties and interest on uncertain tax positions. 

There
were no material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

and lease liabilities of for operating leases on
the consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease
liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The standard did not materially impact
the Company s consolidated statements of comprehensive loss and consolidated statement of cash flows. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives
and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ). The intention of ASU 2020-06 is to address
the complexities in accounting for certain financial instruments with a debt and equity component. Under ASU 2020-06, the number of accounting
models for convertible notes will be reduced and entities that issue convertible debt will be required to use the if-converted method
for the computation of diluted Earnings per share under ASC 260. ASC 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2021 and may be adopted through either a modified retrospective method of transition or a fully retrospective method of
transition. ASC 2020-06 is effective for emerging growth companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. We are currently
assessing the impact this guidance will have on our financial statements. 

In
June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses. The standard, including subsequently issued
amendments, requires a financial asset measured at amortized cost basis, such as accounts receivable and certain other financial assets,
to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience,
current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. This ASU is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and requires the modified retrospective
approach. Early adoption is permitted. Based on the composition of the Company s trade receivables and other financial assets,
current market conditions, and historical credit loss activity, the Company is currently in the process of evaluating the impact of this
guidance on our financial statements. 

In
October 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting
for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. Under ASU 2021-08, an acquirer must recognize and measure
contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination in accordance with Topic 606. The guidance is effective for
interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently in the process
of evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements. 

Other
accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have
a material impact on the consolidated financial statements upon adoption. The Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are
not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

Legal retainer 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred offering costs 
 
 - 
 
 Others 

Prepaid expenses, other
 current assets 

On
August 31, 2022, the Company signed a purchase and sale agreement with Stronghold Power Systems, Inc. Stronghold ), to
purchase approximately seventy acres of land located in the City of Coachella as well as the completion of certain permitting, zoning,
and infrastructure work by Stronghold for a total purchase price of . The purchase price consists of: 

(i) 
 
 in cash due on March 31, 2023. 

(ii) 
 A
 first stock deposit of in prefunded warrants. The Company issued prefunded warrants on September 9, 2022 to Stronghold.

(iii) 
 A
 second stock deposit in prefunded warrants. The Company issued prefunded warrants on September 9, 2022 to Stronghold. 

At
December 31, 2022 the 
of prefunded warrants were recorded under land deposit in relation to the Stronghold agreement. The prefunded warrant issuance may
be rescinded and the warrants null and void if Stronghold does not meet all escrow performance conditions by March 31,
2023. 

- 
 
 Computer
 equipment 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

Total
 property and equipment 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense on property and equipment, was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(December 31,
2021 represents progress payments related to facility construction. 

(December
31, 2021 - for intellectual property Manna IP acquired under an asset purchase agreement with Manna Nutritional Group, LLC Manna dated September 10, 2021. The Manna IP encompasses patent-pending technologies to naturally process and convert
grain, pulses and root vegetables, resulting in low-starch, low-sugar, high-protein, fiber-rich baking flour products, as well as a
wide range of breakfast cereals, juices, natural sweeteners and baking enhancers. The Company paid in cash and issued
 prefunded warrants valued at (the Purchase Price adjusted for foreign exchange differences of
 .
Subject to a stopped and SEC Rule 144 restrictions the prefunded warrants will vest in tranches up until March 10, 2024. When
vested the tranches of prefunded warrants will be converted into an equal number of common shares. 

Subsequent to the year end, Manna satisfied all of its contractual obligations when the patent was approved by the US Patents Office and
title was transferred to the Company. The Company issued shares in relation to this transaction on January 3, 2023. 

Based
on the terms above and in conformity with US GAAP, the Company accounted for purchase as an asset acquisition and has deemed the asset
purchased as an in-process research and development. The Company has further deemed the asset to be of indefinite life until the completion
of the associated research and development activities. Once completed and commercialized, the asset will be amortized over its useful
life. 

Accrued
 expenses 

Others 

Accounts Payable
 and Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued
expenses as of December 31, 2021, included related to the purchase of the Manna IP. 

in principal amount subscription amount) of senior secured debentures originally due (the Bridge Loan ).
The imputed interest rate is encompassed within the original issue discount of the debentures and no additional cash interest shall be
due. Transaction costs of have been
recorded in connection with the Bridge Loan. 

On
June 24, 2021, the due date was extended, for which the Company paid an extension fee of common shares with a fair value of .
The senior secured debentures were repaid in full on July 13, 2021. 

As
part of the bridge loan, the debenture holder was issued warrants (the Bridge Warrants to purchase 
 common shares for up to three years of the issuance
date with a strike price of 
 per share. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company executed the definitive agreement with certain institutional investors (the Investors for
a 
principal debentures with a 
original issue discount (the Debentures for net proceeds of .
The interest rates on the Debentures are 
for the first 12 months, 
for the subsequent 12 months, and 
per annum thereafter. Principal repayments will be made in 25 equal monthly installments and began on September 1, 2022. The
Debenture may be extended by six months at the election of the Company by paying a sum equal to six months interest on the principal
amount outstanding at the end of the 18 th month, at the rate of 
per annum. The Debentures are convertible into common shares at 
per share. The Investors have the right to purchase additional tranches of 
each, up to a total additional principal amount of .
In addition, the Investors received 
warrants at a strike price of ,
which expire on (the Debenture Warrants ). The Debenture Warrants and Debentures each have down round provisions
whereby the conversion and strike prices will be adjusted downward if the Company issues equity instruments at lower prices. The
Debenture Warrants strike price and the Debenture conversion price will be adjusted down to the effective conversion price of the
issued equity instruments. Due to the currency of these features being different from the Company s functional currency the
Debenture Warrants and Debentures convertible features were classified as derivative liabilities and are further discussed in
Note 11. The transaction costs incurred in relation to the Debentures were . 

- 

Repayments
 and conversions 

Debt
 issuance costs and discounts (Note 9 11) 

Total
 Debentures (current) 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Investors converted of convertible debentures into shares of the Company resulting
in a gain on the conversion of convertible debentures. 

Subsequent to the year end, the Investors purchased
an additional tranche of . The convertible debt and warrants were issued with an exercise price of . The issuance of the
additional tranche triggered the down round provision, adjusting the exercise prices of the Debentures and the Debenture Warrants to . 

(December 31, 2021 - (CAD under the Canada Emergency Business Account Program (the Program ). 

The
Program, as set out by the Government of Canada, requires that the funds from this loan shall only be used by the Company to pay non-deferrable
operating expenses including, without limitation, payroll, rent, utilities, insurance, property tax and regularly scheduled debt service,
and may not be used to fund any payments or expenses such as prepayment/refinancing of existing indebtedness, payments of dividends,
distributions and increases in management compensation. 

In
April 2021, the Company applied for an additional loan with Alterna Bank under the Program and received 
(CAD (December 31, 2021 - (CAD )). The expansion loan is subject to the original terms and conditions of the Program. 

The
loan is interest free for an initial term that ends on . Repaying the loan balance on or before December 31, 2023 will
result in loan forgiveness of up to a third of loan value (up to CAD ). Any outstanding loan after initial term carries an interest
rate of per annum, payable monthly during the extended term i.e. 

The
balance at December 31, 2022 was 
(CAD (December 31, 2021 - (CAD )). 

Series A warrants IPO Warrants ), 
representative s warrants Rep Warrants and 
Debenture Warrants. 

The
fair value of the IPO Warrants and Rep Warrants amount to 
 (December 31, 2021 - and were categorized as a Level 1 financial instrument. The Rep Warrants are exercisable one year from the effective date of the IPO
registration statement and will expire three years after the effective date. 

The fair value of the Debenture Warrants amounted to 
(June 30, 2022 - and were categorized as a Level 3 financial instrument. As at December 31, 2022 the Company utilized the Monte Carlo option-pricing
model (June 30, 2022 Black-Scholes option-pricing model) to value the Debenture Warrants using the following assumptions: stock
price 
(June 30, 2022 - ),
dividend yield nil 
(June 30, 2022 nil ),
expected volatility 
(June 30, 2022 ),
risk free rate of return 
(June 30, 2022 ),
and expected term of years
(June 30, 2022 expected term of 
years). 

The
changes in the fair value of the Bridge Warrants 2021) was charged to the statement of comprehensive loss. The
warrants were exercised on October 27, 2021 and accordingly, the warrant liability was extinguished. The fair value of the warrants
prior to exercise was estimated at ,
determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions; stock price ,
dividend yield nil ,
expected volatility ,
risk free rate of return ,
expected term of years. 

Debenture
Convertible Features 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company issued Debentures with an equity conversion feature, see Note 9. The fair value of the Debentures 
convertible features was on the issuance date and 
as at December 31, 2022. These conversion features are categorized as a Level 3 financial instrument. As at December 31, 2022 the
Company utilized the Monte Carlo option-pricing model (June 30, 2022 Black-Scholes option-pricing model) for valuing the
convertible feature using the following assumptions: stock price 
(June 30, 2022 - ),
dividend yield nil 
(June 30, 2022 nil ),
expected volatility 
(June 30, 2022), risk free rate of return 
(June 30, 2022 ),
discount rate 
(June 30, 2022 not applicable), and expected term of 
years (June 30, 2022 
year). 

- 
 - 

Additions 

- 

Conversions 

- 
 
 - 

Change in fair value 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Due to the expiry date of the warrants and conversion feature being subsequent
to December 31, 2023, the liabilities have been classified as non-current. 

Common shares issued for conversion of convertible debt 

Common shares issued to consultants 

Total common shares issued 

The
Company had the following common share transactions during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

# of shares 
 Amount 
 
 Common shares issued for cash 

Common shares issued for conversion of series A preferred stock 

Common shares issued on exercise of warrants 

Common shares issued on cashless exercise of warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued on exercise of options 

Common shares issued on cashless exercise of options 
 
 - 
 
 Common shares issued for bonus and compensation 

Common shares issued for consulting services 

Common shares issued for settlement of accrued director s fee 

Common shares issued for dividend on preferred shares 

Share issue costs 
 - 

Total common shares issued 

c) 
 Stock
 Options 

The
Company has adopted a stock option plan (the Option Plan for its directors, officers, employees and consultants to
acquire common shares of the Company. The terms and conditions of the stock options are determined by the Board of
Directors. 

On
May 28, 2019, at the Company s annual general meeting, shareholders approved an amendment to the Option Plan to increase
the number of authorized shares subject to the Option Plan to of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company (including
any unconverted Series A Preferred Shares). 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded aggregate share-based compensation expense of (December 31, 2021 - for all stock options on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. 

As
of December 31, 2022, 
 (December 31, 2021 Options were outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 
 (December 31, 2021 - ), of which 
 (December 31, 2021 were exercisable. 

The
amounts recognized as share-based payments and stock options are included in share-based compensation on the Statement of Loss and Comprehensive
Loss. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was (December 31, 2021 - of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested
share-based compensation arrangements granted; that cost is expected to be recognized over a period of 
years (December 31, 2021 years). 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 
 
 Forfeited 

- 
 
 Cancelled 

- 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

- 
 
 Cancelled 

- 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 Total Share Options 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free interest rate 

Fair value of options 

d) 
 Warrants 

Granted July 12, 2021 

Granted July 28, 2021 

Exercised in 2021 

n/a 
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted June 30, 2022 
 
 a 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

(a) Subsequent to the year end, the issuance of additional tranches of Debentures triggered the down round provision, adjusting the exercise prices of the Debenture Warrants to (Note 9). 

e) 
 Loss per Common Share 

Diluted
net loss attributable to common shareholders per share does not differ from basic net loss attributable to common shareholders per share
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, since the effect of the Company s warrants, stock options and convertible
debentures are anti-dilutive. 

Options 

Prefunded warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible debentures 
 
 - 
 
 Total anti-dilutive weighted average shares 

Foreign
 operations - United States 

Total
 loss before taxes 

Statutory tax rate 

Income taxes at the statutory
 rate 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Non-deductible accretion interest 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

Share issue costs 

Foreign currency translation 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Total 

Change
 in valuation allowance 

Total
 income tax expense (benefit) 
 - 
 - 

The
Company is subject to Canadian federal and provincial tax for the estimated assessable profit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 at a rate of . 

Unused capital losses carry
 forward 
 - 

Share issue costs 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

- 
 - 

The
Company has non-capital losses of 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021, which are due
to and which can be used to
offset future taxable income in Canada. For foreign operations in United States, aggregate net operating losses are 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021 which can be
carried forward indefinitely. The Company has capital losses of as of December 31, 2022 and 
 million as of December 31, 2021. Non-Capital
Losses in Canada can be carried forward after change of ownership, if the particular business which gave rise to the loss is carried
on by the company for profit or with a reasonable expectation of profit. Certain accumulated net operating losses in United States are
subject to an annual limitation from equity shifts, which constitute a change of ownership as defined under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 382. These rules will limit the utilization of the losses. 

The
Company files income tax returns in Canada and the United States and is subject to examination in these jurisdictions for all years since
the Company s inception in 2017. As at December 31, 2022, no tax authority audits are currently underway. 

The
Company currently has no uncertain tax position and is therefore not reflecting any adjustments. 

(December 31, 2021, in total was owing to officers and directors or to companies owned by officers
and directors of the Company for services and expenses. These amounts owing have been included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 
and ,
respectively, to our U.S. general counsel firm, DR Welch against legal services, a corporation controlled by a director of the
Company. 
shares were issued in the year ended December 31, 2022 (an aggregate of 
shares were issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 to David Welch). 

There
were no other payments to related parties for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 other than expense reimbursements in the ordinary
course of business. 

as compared to for the year ended December
31, 2021 in research and development costs in relation to the license agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd Radical ), the testing, nutrient and micro analysis for UN(THINK) food product development as well as costs of design and construction for the Coachella land and
its future structure architecture. The following
represents the breakdown of research and development activities: 

- 
 
 Product development 

Design and construction 

Research and
 development costs 

and the discount
rate is . The Company has finance leases. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease expenses 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Subsequent years 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Current portion of lease liability 

Non-current portion of lease liability 

2024 

Long
 Term Debt 

Contingencies 

As at December 31, 2022, the Company had no contingencies
or litigation to disclose. 

in convertible debentures and received 
warrants. The convertible debentures and warrants were issued with an exercise price of .
The issuance of the additional tranches triggered the down round provision, adjusting the exercise prices of the Debentures and the
Debenture Warrants to 
(Note 9 11). Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, the investors converted of convertible debentures into 
shares. 

Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued shares to Manna upon exercise of their prefunded warrants. 

Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 
shares to a consultant for services rendered. 

On January
24, 2023, the Company entered a binding letter of intent BP LOI to acquire Berry People LLC Berry People ),
a U.S. based berry business. 

F- 22 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on
such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or our internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all
control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within
the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and
that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of
some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also
is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed
in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the individuals serving as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management conducted an assessment
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management
concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

Attestation
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to the deferral
allowed given we are neither an accelerated nor a large accelerated filer. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

35 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this Item is incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement for our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
(the Proxy Statement ). The definitive Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the close
of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Name 

Age 
 
 Position

Served
 Since 
 
 Ingo
 W. Mueller 
 
 57 
 
 Chairman,
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 December
 2017 
 
 William
 J. Meekison 
 
 58 
 
 Director,
 Audit Committee, Compensation Committee 
 
 June
 2019 
 
 David
 Welch 
 
 41 
 
 Director,
 Nominating and Governance Committee, Compensation Committee 
 
 June
 2019 
 
 Richard
 Levychin 
 
 64 
 
 Director,
Audit Committee Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee, 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 Amy
 Griffith 
 
 50 
 
 Director,
 Audit Committee, Compensation Committee Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 Richard
 S. Wong 
 
 58 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 2018 
 
 Troy
 T. McClellan 
 
 61 
 
 President,
 AgriFORCE Solutions 
 
 February
 2018 
 
 Mauro
 Pennella 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Marketing Officer and President AgriFORCE Brands division. 
 
 July
 2021 
 
 Dr.
 Laila Benkrima 
 
 60 
 
 Chief
 Scientist 
 
 May
 2018 

Ingo
Mueller was appointed as Chairman of the Board effective September 24, 2021. 

Directors
serve until the next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve for one year
until the meeting of the Board of Directors following the annual meeting of shareholders and until their successors have been elected
and qualified. 

Ingo
Wilhelm Mueller Chairman, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Mr.
Mueller has been involved in the finance and advisory business for the past 25 years having been involved in the financing of companies
and projects. Mr. Mueller is the founder and currently the CEO of the Company since inception and has been responsible for the development
of the Company s intellectual property, business model and financing. He is full time with the Company. He is also currently the
CEO of St. George Capital Corp. (since 1998), doing business as Capital Fusion Group, a private financial advisory firm. Mr. Mueller
was Chairman and CEO of International Coal Company Ltd. from 2008-2010 before it was sold to London Mining plc, after which Mr. Mueller
was named Chairman and CEO of London Mining Colombia Ltd. (2010 to 2012). Mr. Mueller was also the CEO and Chairman of WIGU City Edutainment
Centers Plc (2014 to 2017). Mr. Mueller has a Bachelor Commerce (major in Finance and minor in Urban Land Economics) from the University
of British Columbia. The Board has determined that Mr. Mueller is suited to serve on the Board due to his long standing involvement in
the financial community. Mr. Mueller was appointed as the Chairman of the Board effective September 24, 2021. 

David
Welch, Director, Nominating and Governance Committee 

Mr. Welch is a founding partner at ENSO LAW, LLP, based in Los Angeles.
He has a broad base of experience in representing US, Canadian and Mexican corporate clients in the areas of litigation, intellectual
property and government regulatory advisement and defense. Mr. Welch has represented recognizable businesses in the agriculture and food
services space in Federal Court, California state courts and before the USPTO. Mr. Welch has also argued before the California Supreme
Court and the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals on constitutional issues related to preemption and the application of US law to various
companies. Mr. Welch obtained his Juris Doctorate degree from Loyola Law School with an emphasis in international trade and has received
various accolades for his work in intellectual property and regulatory law, including Top 40 under 40 by the Daily Journal; National Law
Journal Intellectual Property Trail Blazer, and Super Lawyers from 2013 until 2023. In his business ventures, Mr. Welch is a registered
aquaculturist and farmer focusing on sustainable and regenerative agricultural practices. He is suited to serve as a director due
to his long standing experience in international intellectual property and business. 

36 

William
John Meekison, Director, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee 

Mr.
Meekison is a career Chief Financial Officer and former investment banker. He has spent the last fifteen years serving in a variety of
executive management and CFO roles with both private and public companies, currently as the CFO and Director of Exro Technologies Inc.
(since October 2017), a technology company that creates energy management system, and CFO and CFO of ArcWest Exploration Inc. (since
December 2010), a mining exploration company in British Columbia. He is currently on the board of Telo Genomics Corp. (since July 2018)
and Adven Inc. (since April 2021). Prior to his position at Exro Technologies Inc. and other CFO roles, Mr. Meekison spent fifteen
years in corporate finance with a focus on raising equity capital for North American technology companies, including nine years at Haywood
Securities Inc. Mr. Meekison received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of British Columbia and is a Chartered Professional Accountant,
Professional Logistician and Certified Investment Manager. He is suited to serve as a director due to his long time experience as a CFO. 

Richard
Levychin, Director, Audit Committee Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee, Compensation Committee 

Richard
Levychin, CPA, CGMA, is a Partner in Galleros Robinson s Commercial Audit and Assurance practice where he focuses on both privately
and publicly held companies. Prior to taking this position in October 2018, Richard was the managing partner of KBL, LLP, a PCAOB certified
independent registered accounting firm, since 1994. Mr. Levychin has over 25 years of accounting,
auditing, business advisory services and tax experience working with both privately owned and public entities in various industries including
media, entertainment, real estate, manufacturing, not-for-profit, technology, retail, technology, and professional services. His experience
also includes expertise with SEC filings, initial public offerings, and compliance with regulatory bodies. As a business adviser, he
advises companies, helping them to identify and define their business and financial objectives, and then provides them with the on-going
personal attention necessary to help them achieve their established goals. Mr. Levychin is well
suited to serve on our Board due to his decades of experience as the managing partner of a PCAOB certified independent registered accounting
firm, which included decades of expertise with SEC filings and initial public offerings. 

Amy
Griffith, Director, Audit Committee, Compensation Committee Chair, Nominating and Governance Committee 

Ms. Griffith currently serves as Group Director for the North America Operating
unit of the Coca-Cola Company, in this capacity she oversees public affairs, government relations, sustainability and communications in
Canada and the Northeastern United States. Previously, she served as Wells Fargo s State Local Government Relations
Senior Vice President. She was recruited to Wells Fargo s Government Relations and Public Policy team in 2019. In this role,
Griffith led Wells Fargo s legislative and political agenda in her region and managed relationships with state and local policymakers
and community stakeholders. From 2008-2019, Ms. Griffith led government relations for sixteen states in the Eastern United States for
TIAA for over a decade. Prior to that, she worked in the aerospace, high tech, education, private and public sectors, and has managed
multiple high-profile political campaigns at the local, state and national level. Griffith is active in her community and has co-chaired
The Baldwin School Golf Outing to raise funds for girls athletics programs. She is a graduate of Gwynedd-Mercy College and holds
a Bachelor of Arts in History. Ms. Griffith is well qualified to serve as a director due to her significant experience in government relations,
policy and politics as well as decades of experience working with companies in both the private and public sectors. 

Richard
Wong, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr.
Wong, who works full time for the Company, has over 25 years of experience in both start-up and public companies in the consumer goods,
agricultural goods, manufacturing, and forest industries. Prior to joining the Company in 2018, he was a partner in First Choice Capital
Advisors from 2008-2016 and a partner in Lighthouse Advisors Ltd. from 2016-2018. Mr. Wong has also served as the CFO of Emerald Harvest
Co., Dan-D Foods, Ltd., and was the Director of Finance and CFO of SUGOI Performance Apparel and had served positions at Canfor, Canadian
Pacific other Fortune 1000 companies. Mr. Wong is a Chartered Professional Accountant, and a member since 1999. Mr. Wong has a
Diploma in Technology and Financial Management from the British Columbia Institute of Technology. 

Troy
McClellan, President AgriFORCE Solutions 

Mr.
McClellan, who works full time for the Company, has focused on innovative design and construction technologies throughout his career.
Most recently, he was V.P. of Design and Development at WIGU City from 2015-2018, at which time he joined the Company. Mr. McClellan
was the VP Design and Development of MGM Macau. Previously, he was a Project Manager at Wynn Design Development and a Design Manager
at Universal Studios (Japan). Mr. McClellan is a registered professional architect and received his Master s Degree in Architecture
from Montana State University. 

37 

Mauro
Pennella, Chief Marketing Officer and President, AgriFORCE Brands 

Mr.
Pennella, who works full time for the Company, is a consumer products veteran with more than 30 years of experience in the consumer-packaged
goods industry. From May 2018 until January 2021, he was Chief Growth Sustainability Officer at McCain Foods, a Canadian multinational
frozen food company. In that role, he was responsible for global marketing, sales, research and development (R D) and sustainability.
From October 2014 to April 2018, Mr. Pennella served as the President, International of Combe Incorporated, a personal care products
company where he oversaw the international division, R D and the internal advertising agency. He was also a member of the Executive
Committee at Combe Incorporated, where he was responsible for the P L - overseeing eight subsidiaries with more than 100 employees
around the world. Prior to that, Mr. Pennella led the Retail and International businesses at Conagra s Lamb Weston division and
developed his career at Diageo and Procter Gamble. Mr. Pennella received a Master of Business from Audencia, a premier European
business school, as well as an M.A.B.A. in Marketing and Finance from The Ohio State University Fisher College of Business. 

Dr.
Laila Benkrima, Chief Scientist 

Dr.
Benkrima, who consults part-time for the Company, holds a PhD from the University of Paris in horticulture with a specialization in tissue
culture and the hybridization and selection of plant varietals. Her employment history includes Inflazyme Pharmaceuticals, the University
of British Columbia, and Celex Laboratory. 

Corporate
Governance 

The
business and affairs of our Company are managed under the direction of the Board of Directors. 

Director
Independence 

We
use the definition of independence of The NASDAQ Stock Market to make this determination. We are not yet listed on NASDAQ,
and although we use its definition of independence, its rules are inapplicable to us until such time as we become listed
on NASDAQ. NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) provides that an independent director is a person other than an officer or employee
of our Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, would interfere with the
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The NASDAQ rules provide that a director cannot
be considered independent if: 

the
 director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an employee of our Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director accepted any compensation from our Company in excess of 120,000 during any period of
 12 consecutive months within the three years preceding the independence determination (subject to certain exclusions, including,
 among other things, compensation for board or board committee service); 

a
 family member of the director is, or at any time during the past three years was, an executive officer of our Company; 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a partner in, controlling shareholder of, or an executive officer of an entity to
 which our Company made, or from which our Company received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed
 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenue for that year or 200,000, whichever is greater (subject to certain exclusions); 

the
 director or a family member of the director is employed as an executive officer of an entity where, at any time during the past three
 years, any of the executive officers of our Company served on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

the
 director or a family member of the director is a current partner of our Company s outside auditor, or at any time during the
 past three years was a partner or employee of our Company s outside auditor, and who worked on our Company s audit. 

38 

Under
the following three NASDAQ director independence rules a director is not considered independent: (a) NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2)(A), a director
is not considered to be independent if he or she also is an executive officer or employee of the corporation, (b) NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2)(B),
a director is not consider independent if he or she accepted any compensation from our Company in excess of 120,000 during any period
of twelve consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence, and (c) NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2)(D), a
director is not considered to be independent if he or she is a partner in, or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of, any
organization to which our Company made, or from which our Company received, payments for property or services in the current or any of
the past three fiscal years that exceed 5 of the recipient s consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000. Under such
definitions, we have four independent directors. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of the directors and executive officers. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established the following three standing committees: audit committee; compensation committee; and nominating and governance
committee, or nominating committee. Our board of directors has adopted written charters for each of these committees. Copies of the charters
will be available on our website. Our board of directors may establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time
to time. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
Audit Committee is comprised of at least three individuals, each of whom are independent director and at least one of whom will be
an audit committee financial expert, as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Our audit committee is
currently comprised of Richard Levychin (Chair), John Meekison and Amy Griffith, who are independent, and Mr. Levychin is our financial
expert. 

Our
Audit Committee will oversee our corporate accounting, financial reporting practices and the audits of financial statements. For this
purpose, the Audit Committee will have a charter (which will be reviewed annually) and perform several functions. The Audit Committee
will: 

evaluate
 the independence and performance of, and assess the qualifications of, our independent auditor and engage such independent auditor; 

approve
 the plan and fees for the annual audit, quarterly reviews, tax and other audit-related services and approve in advance any non-audit
 service to be provided by our independent auditor; 

monitor
 the independence of our independent auditor and the rotation of partners of the independent auditor on our engagement team as required
 by law; 

review
 the financial statements to be included in our future Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and review with
 management and our independent auditor the results of the annual audit and reviews of our quarterly financial statements; and 

oversee
 all aspects our systems of internal accounting control and corporate governance functions on behalf of the Board of Directors. 

39 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
Compensation Committee comprises of at least three individuals, each of whom will be an independent director, Our Compensation committee
is currently comprised of Amy Griffith (Chair), David Welch and John Meekison and who are independent. 

The
Compensation Committee will review or recommend the compensation arrangements for our management and employees and also assist our Board
of Directors in reviewing and approving matters such as company benefit and insurance plans, including monitoring the performance thereof.
The Compensation Committee will have a charter (which will be reviewed annually) and perform several functions. 

The
Compensation Committee will have the authority to directly engage, at our expense, any compensation consultants or other advisers as
it deems necessary to carry out its responsibilities in determining the amount and form of employee, executive and director compensation. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee (the N CG Committee 

Our
N CG Committee is comprised of at least three individuals, each of whom will be an independent director.
Currently Amy Griffith, Richard Levychin and David Welch (Chair) are members of the committee. 

The
NC G Committee is charged with the responsibility of reviewing our corporate governance policies and with proposing potential director
nominees to the Board of Directors for consideration. This committee also has the authority to oversee the hiring of potential executive
positions in our Company. The NC G Committee also has a charter, which is to be reviewed annually. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Name
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Share-Based
 Awards c 
 Option-Based
 Awards 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 Total
 Compensation 
 
 Ingo
 W. Mueller, 
 2022 
 392,464 
 375,718 
 359,881 
 6,866 
 1,741 
 1,136,670 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 2021 
 299,299 
 282,808 
 155,668 
 279,632 
 14,958 
 1,032,365 
 
 Richard
 S. Wong, 
 2022 
 295,216 
 134,696
 a 
 86,456 
 28,831 
 1,741 
 546,940 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 2021 
 237,582 
 132,070 
 37,397 
 186,422 
 - 
 593,471 
 
 Troy
 T. McClellan, 
 2022 
 246,732 
 69,162
 b 
 76,846 
 30,132 
 1,741 
 424,613 
 
 Vice
 President Design Construction 
 2021 
 206,280 
 80,774 
 35,456 
 167,778 
 - 
 490,288 
 
 Mauro
 Pennella 
 2022 
 268,962 
 - 
 115,269 
 45,593 
 1,741 
 431,565 
 
 Chief
 Marketing Officer, President AgriFORCE Brands 
 2021 
 128,841 
 - 
 55,179 
 85,693 
 - 
 269,713 

(a) Bonus
 was paid out 101,022 in shares and 33,674 in cash. 
 
 (b) Bonus
 was paid out 69,162 in shares 
 
 (c) Some share-based awards were issued net of income taxes. The Company repurchased shares on
 the issuance date to remit as income taxes to the appropriate government revenue service agencies. 

40 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth information known to us regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 13, 2023 by: 

each
 person known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

Common
 shares 
 Options Granted
 vested 
 within 60 days of 
 March 13, 2023 
 Warrants 
 Total 
 Percentage
 beneficially owned 
 
 Directors
 and Officers: 

Ingo
 Mueller 
 1,060,083
 a 
 169,592 
 - 
 1,229,675 
 6.7 
 
 Richard
 Wong 
 130,244 
 77,980 
 - 
 208,224 
 1.1 
 
 Troy
 McClellan 
 445,581 
 64,126 
 - 
 509,707 
 2.8 
 
 Mauro
 Pennella 
 56,073 
 37,141 
 - 
 93,214 
 0.5 
 
 John
 Meekison 
 43,208 
 30,405 
 - 
 73,613 
 0.4 
 
 David
 Welch 
 52,450 
 26,459 
 - 
 78,909 
 0.4 
 
 Amy
 Griffith 
 - 
 16,511 
 - 
 16,511 
 0.1 
 
 Richard
 Levychin 
 - 
 16,511 
 - 
 16,511 
 0.1 
 
 Total
 all officers and directors (8 persons) 
 1,787,639 
 438,725 
 - 
 2,226,364 
 12.1 

5 
 or Greater Beneficial Owners 

Ingo
 Mueller 
 1,060,083
 a 
 169,592 
 - 
 1,229,675 
 6.7 
 
 Manna
 Nutritional Group, LLC 
 1,637,049 
 - 
 - 
 1,637,049 
 9.0 

(a) 
 Includes
 (1) 60,757 common shares held by St. George Capital Corp. of which Mr. Mueller is the President, (2) 193,766 common shares held by
 1071269 BC Ltd. of which Mr. Mueller is the sole owner, and (3) 14,532 common shares held by 1178196 BC Ltd. of which Mr. Mueller
 is an affiliate. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

We
have adopted a written related-person transactions policy that sets forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review,
consideration and oversight of related-party transactions. For purposes of our policy only, and not for purposes of required
disclosure, which will be all related party transactions, even if less than 120,000, a related-party transaction is a
transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any related
party are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000. 

Transactions
involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee, consultant or director are not considered related-person transactions
under this policy. A related party is any executive officer, director or a holder of more than five percent of our common shares, including
any of their immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 

41 

At
present, we have appointed three independent directors to the N CG Committee. As a result, our Chief Financial
Officer, Richard Wong, must present information regarding a proposed related-party transaction to the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee. Under the policy, where a transaction has been identified as a related-party transaction, Mr. Wong must present information
regarding the proposed related-party transaction to our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, once the same is established,
for review. The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the direct and indirect interests
of the related parties, the benefits of the transaction to us and whether any alternative transactions are available. To identify related-party
transactions in advance, we rely on information supplied by our executive officers, directors and certain significant shareholders. In
considering related-party transactions, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee takes into account the relevant available facts
and circumstances including, but not limited to: 

whether
 the transaction was undertaken in the ordinary course of our business; 

whether
 the related party transaction was initiated by us or the related party; 

whether
 the transaction with the related party is proposed to be, or was, entered into on terms no less favorable to us than terms that could
 have been reached with an unrelated third party; 

the
 purpose of, and the potential benefits to us from the related party transaction; 

the
 approximate dollar value of the amount involved in the related party transaction, particularly as it relates to the related party; 

the
 related party s interest in the related party transaction, and 

any
 other information regarding the related party transaction or the related party that would be material to investors in light of the
 circumstances of the particular transaction. 

The
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee shall then make a recommendation to the Board, which will determine whether or not to approve
of the related party transaction, and if so, upon what terms and conditions. In the event a director has an interest in the proposed
transaction, the director must recuse himself or herself from the deliberations and approval. 

Except
as set forth below, we have not had any related party transactions, regardless of dollar amount: 

As
of December 31, 2022, 32,500 (December 31, 2021, 47,461) in total was owing to officers and directors or to companies owned by officers
and directors of the Company for services and expenses. These amounts owing have been included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 79,457 and 66,246, respectively, to our U.S. general counsel firm,
D R Welch against legal services, a corporation controlled by a director of the Company. No shares were issued in the year ended December
31, 2022 (an aggregate of 13,158 shares were issued December 31, 2021) to David Welch as part of the payment. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Aggregate
fees billed to us by Marcum LLP, the Company s principal independent accountants, during the last two fiscal years were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees a 
 170,000 
 126,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 197,649 
 83,954 

367,649 
 209,954 

(a) 
 Amounts
 represent the contractual fees related to the fiscal year, not the accrued fees incurred during the year. 

Audit
Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and review
of the interim consolidated financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our auditors
in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Audit-Related
Fees consist of services by our independent auditors that, including accounting consultations on transaction related matters including
work related to our S-1 fillings, are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are
not reported above under Audit Fees. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, Marcum LLP did not incur fees for any other professional services. 

42 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial
Statements 

The
following Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID:) included in Part II, Item 8: 

Consolidated
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Financial
Statement Schedules 

All
schedules have been omitted because they are not required or because the required information is given in the Consolidated Financial
Statements or Notes thereto set forth under Item 8. 

Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Issuer 
 
 4.1

Form of Series A Warrant and Representatives Warrant 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Stock Option Plan Form of Stock Option Certificate attached as Schedule A 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Broker Compensation Warrant Certificate for 1.00 warrants issued to brokers in connection in May 2019 in connection with 1.00 preferred unit financing 
 
 10.1 
 
 Vacant Land Purchase Agreement, dated July 13, 2020, between Company and Coachella Properties, Inc. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Capital Funding Group-Commercial Loan Terms_Sheet_-_Re Coachella_3837v2 
 
 10.3 
 
 Commercial Loan Agreement with Alterna Bank-2020-04-30 
 
 10.4 
 
 Vacant Land Offer Extension_of_Time_Addendum_Coachella-IM Signed 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement - Ingo Mueller 
 
 10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement - Richard Wong 
 
 10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement - Troy McClellan 
 
 10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement Mauro Pennella 
 
 10.9 
 
 Second Vacant Land Offer Extension_of_Time_Addendum_Coachella-IM Signed 
 
 10.10 
 
 Warrant Agent Agreement 
 
 10.11 
 
 Capital Funding Term Sheet dated February 5, 2021 
 
 10.12 
 
 Extension of Land Purchase Agreement 
 
 10.13 
 
 Pharmhaus Termination Agreements 
 
 10.14 
 
 Bridge Loan Agreement dated March 24, 2021 
 
 10.15 
 
 Bridge Note, dated March 24, 2021 
 
 10.16 
 
 Bridge Warrant, dated March 24, 2021 
 
 10.17 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement Manna Nutritional Group 
 
 10.18 
 
 Definitive Agreement with Humboldt Bliss, Ltd 
 
 10.19 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement with Delphy Groep B.V. 
 
 10.20 
 
 Binding LOI to Acquire Deroose Plants NV 
 
 10.21 
 
 License Agreement with Radical Clean Solutions Ltd. 
 
 14.1

Code of Ethics 
 
 21.1

List of Subsidiaries 
 
 23.1

Consent of Marcum, LLP 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed with our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on December 16, 2020 . 

Filed herewith 

Filed with Amendment No. 1 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on January 20, 2021. 

Filed with Amendment No. 2 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 3, 2021. 

Filed with Amendment No. 3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 22, 2021. 

Filed with Amendment No. 4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2021. 

Filed with Amendment No. 5 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on June 14, 2021. 

Filed with Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2022. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

43 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AGRIFORCE
 GROWING SYSTEMS, LTD. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ingo Mueller 

Name: 
 Ingo
 Mueller 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Richard Wong 

Name: 
 Richard
 Wong 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ingo Mueller 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Ingo
 Mueller 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 

/s/
 Richard Wong 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Richard
 Wong 

/s/
 John Meekison 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 John
 Meekison 

/s/
 Richard Levychin 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Richard
 Levychin 

/s/
 Amy Griffith 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 Amy
 Griffith 

/s/
 David Welch 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 13, 2023 
 
 David
 Welch 

44 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit
14.1 

2.0
BUSINESS ETHICS 

2.1
Company Ethics Conduct 

The
successful business operation and reputation of AgriFORCE is built upon the principles of fair dealing and ethical conduct of our employees.
Our reputation for integrity and excellence requires careful observance of the spirit and letter of all applicable laws and regulations,
as well as the highest regard for standards of conduct and personal integrity. 

The
continued success of AgriFORCE is dependent upon our customers trust and we are dedicated to preserving that trust. Employees
owe a duty to AgriFORCE and its customers to act in a way that will merit the continued trust and confidence of our customers and the
public in general. 

AgriFORCE 
will comply with all applicable laws and regulations and expects its directors, officers, and employees to conduct business in accordance
with the letter, spirit, and intent of all relevant laws and to refrain from any illegal, dishonest, or unethical conduct. 

In
general, the use of common sense and good judgment, together with our core values, will guide you with respect to lines of acceptable
conduct. If a situation arises where it is difficult to determine the proper course of action, the matter should be discussed openly
with your immediate supervisor, a member of senior management, or Human Resources for advice and consultation, if necessary. 

Compliance
with this policy of business ethics and conduct is the responsibility of every AgriFORCE employee. Disregarding or failing to comply
with this standard of business ethics and conduct may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. 

Employees
must report violations of this policy, or any of the policies in the Business Ethics section, to their immediate supervisor, a member
of senior management, or Human Resources. 

2.2
Employment Equity 

AgriFORCE 
is committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants for employment. The company does not discriminate
in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, marital status, family status, age, place of origin,
ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, political belief, sexual orientation, or any other grounds protected by the laws or
regulations of any jurisdiction in which we operate. We base all employment decisions including recruitment, selection, training,
compensation, benefits, discipline, promotions, transfers, terminations, and social/recreational programs on merit and the principles
of equal employment opportunity. 

Our
employees have diverse backgrounds, skills and ideas that collectively contribute to greater opportunities for innovation. Our recruitment
strategy is designed to attract a diverse pool of talent so that we may select the best candidates and open doors at all levels of this
organization. 

2.3
Conflict of Interest 

Everyone
working at AgriFORCE has an obligation to conduct business within guidelines that prohibit actual or potential conflicts of interest.
This policy establishes the framework within which AgriFORCE wishes the company to operate. The purpose of these guidelines is to provide
general direction so that team members can seek further clarification on issues regarding conflict of interest. 

An
actual or potential conflict of interest occurs when someone on the team is able to influence a decision that may result in a personal
gain for that individual or for a relative because of AgriFORCE s business dealings. For the purposes of this policy, a relative
is any person who is related by blood or marriage or whose relationship with anyone working in the company is like that of persons who
are related by blood or marriage. 

If
an employee has any influence on transactions involving purchases, contracts, or leases, it is imperative that they disclose to their
supervisor, as soon as possible the existence of any actual or potential conflict of interest so that safeguards can be established to
protect all parties. 

Personal
gain may result not only in cases where an employee or relative has a significant ownership or other interests in a business with which
AgriFORCE does business, but also when an employee or relative receives any kickback, bribe, substantial gift, or special consideration
as a result of any transaction or business dealings involving AgriFORCE . 

2.4
Gifts 

AgriFORCE 
employees (or immediate family members) are not permitted to give or accept gifts, services, discounts, favours, loans personal discounts
and similar gratuities offered to you because of your position at AgriFORCE . This applies to or from individuals or companies who are
doing business or would like to do business with AgriFORCE . Items of modest value may be permitted if they are not given or received
on a regular or frequent basis, provided that the gift is reported to the CEO or the Chair of the Audit Committee and they do not advise
that retaining the gift would be inappropriate. This does not apply to officially approved corporate rebates. 

2.5
Entertainment 

You
must not encourage or solicit entertainment from any individual or company with whom AgriFORCE does business. Entertainment includes,
but is not limited to, activities such as dining, attending sporting or other special events, and travel. From time-to-time employees
may accept unsolicited entertainment, but only under the following conditions: 

1. 
 the
 entertainment occurs infrequently, 

2. 
 it
 arises out of the ordinary course of business, 

3. 
 it
 involves reasonable expenditures (the amounts involved should be such as employees, officers and Directors are accustomed to normally
 spending for their own business or personal entertainment) and 

4. 
 the
 entertainment takes place in settings that also are reasonable, appropriate, and fitting to employees, officers and Directors, their
 hosts, and their business at hand. 

2.6
Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 

Part of behaving ethically means that you should never
participate in any corrupt activities and that you comply with all applicable Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption laws and regulations of
each jurisdiction in which AgriFORCE conducts business. AgriFORCE does not permit providing payments, kickbacks, gifts,
or anything else of significant value for the purpose of improperly influencing third parties. Even if the intent is not to influence,
you should not provide a payment or benefit to any third party if it could appear to be improper. 

AgriFORCE can be held responsible for improper
payments and benefits provided by agents, contractors, suppliers and other third parties acting on its behalf. You must ensure that you
only deal with legitimate, reputable parties, and that they understand their obligation not to provide such improper payments or benefits
in connection with the business they conduct for AgriFORCE . 

2.7
Confidentiality 

All employees are required to keep all AgriFORCE s financial,
operational and business information acquired while working at AgriFORCE secure and confidential. Business strategies and plans,
including technologies and products used, are AgriFORCE intellectual property. Employees must not discuss details of AgriFORCE s
financial, business operations, plans or strategies with any third party including the media, family or friends, or at social or public
functions, and should direct all inquiries to the CFO. Any employee who divulges confidential information may be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination. 

2.8
Disclosure, Confidentiality, and Insider Trading 

At
times you may find that you are in possession of material non-public information regarding AgriFORCE and/or a competitor or supplier.
Material non-public information is any information that could reasonably be expected to alter the value of a company s security
(ies) if it were made public. Securities laws in both Canada and the United States provide that it is illegal to trade on such information
or disclose it to others. These laws are extensive and complex, and violation of these laws may lead to civil and criminal actions against
you. 

If
you find yourself in possession of such information, you and your immediate family members are prohibited from trading in those securities
until such time as the information becomes public or you are notified by your manager that restrictions are no longer in place. 

The
purchase and sale of AgriFORCE securities may only be done in accordance with the AgriFORCE Insider Trading Policy. The Policy also addresses
legal prohibitions against trading with knowledge of undisclosed material information, tipping, market manipulation or fraud and insider
trade reporting requirements. Violations of such requirements may also have severe consequences, including fines, imprisonment and civil
liability and may subject the individual to disciplinary action by the Corporation, up to and including termination. Employees, Officers,
and Directors who engage in insider trading may also be accountable to AgriFORCE for any benefit or advantage received as a result. 

Please
refer to the AgriFORCE Insider Trading Policy provided as an Appendix to this Handbook for more detailed information on this subject.
The AgriFORCE Insider Trading Policy requires your signature separate from the Handbook Acknowledgement. 

2.9
Whistleblower Policy 

Employees
are often the first to have concerns that there may be something wrong or unethical occurring within the organisation in which they work.
However, they may feel that their concerns cannot be openly expressed, because it may be disloyal to colleagues; their concerns may not
be taken seriously; or it may be easier to ignore their concern. 

As
a means of reinforcing AgriFORCE s commitment to the highest standards, this Whistle-blowing Procedure serves to
help build the commitment of all employees, by providing a means of identifying and eliminating unethical practices within the workplace.
The Whistle-blowing Procedure provides an effective mechanism for employees to report potential concerns (confidentially
and anonymously, if required), in the knowledge that genuine concerns will be appropriately investigated and resolved, without fear of
discrimination or victimisation. 

Please
refer to the separate Whistleblower Policy document for more detail. 

2.10
Anti-Retaliation Provisions 

Retaliation
against any employee, who in good faith seeks advice, raises a concern, reports misconduct, or provides information in an investigation
will not be tolerated and will itself be considered a violation of AgriFORCE Business Ethics. Some examples of retaliation include denial
of benefits, termination, demotion, suspension, threats, harassment, or discrimination. If any individual retaliates against an employee
who has truthfully and in good faith reported a potential violation, AgriFORCE will take appropriate action. However, if an individual
has intentionally made a false report, the Company will respond accordingly. For more details, please refer to the AgriFORCE Whistleblower
Policy. 

If
you believe that you or another employee has been retaliated against for (in good faith) seeking advice, raising a concern, reporting
misconduct, or providing information in an investigation, please advise your immediate manager, Human Resources, the AgriFORCE CEO or
the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the AgriFORCE Board. All reports will be handled promptly and confidentially. 

2.11
Outside Employment 

While
not encouraged, should employees wish to engage in outside employment, in addition to their full-time position at AgriFORCE , we request
that: 

such
 outside employment does not interfere in any way with the employee s work performance or hours of employment with the Company; 

such
 employment is non-competitive with the business activities of the Company; and 

such
 employment has no possible conflict of interest with the employee s position at the Company. 

All
employees are reminded that they have signed an agreement which legally prohibits them from passing on the Company s ideas and
work methods to other organizations. Employees may not use Company property, equipment, facilities, or time in connection with outside
employment. 

If
it is deemed that, because of outside employment, an employee is repeatedly late, unable to work overtime, or unable to successfully
fulfill the obligations of their position at AgriFORCE , it may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination. 

2.12
Off Duty Conduct Policy 

In
general, how employees decide to lead their lives when they are off duty is a private matter. However, the way in which employees conduct
and present themselves off-duty can also have a significant impact on AgriFORCE its business, reputation, products, customer relations
and workplace environment. Accordingly, while the Company respects your personal freedoms, it also has a legitimate interest in establishing
standards of off duty conduct and holding workers accountable for following those standards, including using discipline where necessary. 

Off-duty
conduct will be considered a work-related matter subject to discipline if it: 

harms
 the Company s reputation or products; 

has
 consequences that render you unable to perform your job or any part of your job effectively; 

leads
 other workers to refuse, be reluctant to or unable to work with you; 

makes
 you guilty of a serious breach of the Criminal Code of Canada/Title 18 of the United States Code or; 

makes
 it difficult for the Company to manage its operations and/or direct its workforce efficiently. 

Violations
of the Company s off-duty standards of conduct that meet the above criteria will be treated like a disciplinary infraction committed
on-duty and subject to discipline up to and including termination. 

You
must report to your supervisor as soon as possible if you are arrested, detained, or charged with a violation under the Criminal Code
of Canada/Title 18 of the United States Code or other Canadian/US laws related to your official duties. 

2.13
Board Participation and Involvement with Other Companies 

For
any employee who wishes to participate on a for-profit, or not-for-profit board, these involvements must be approved by the CEO. All
Directors should notify the Chair of the Audit Committee of all other board engagements and seek approval before assuming additional
Board roles. You may not be a Director, officer, partner or consultant of an organization (other than an organization in which AgriFORCE 
holds an interest or in which AgriFORCE has the right to nominate a Director, officer, partner or consultant) doing or seeking to do
business with AgriFORCE , nor may you permit your name to be used in any way indicating a business connection with such an organization,
without appropriate prior written approval of the AgriFORCE CEO, in the case of an employee, and of the Chair of the Governance and Nominating
Committee in the case of an officer or Director of AgriFORCE . 

2.14
AgriFORCE Property 

Employees
are responsible for and are expected to take proper care of all AgriFORCE property, materials, or written information issued to them
or in their possession or control. 

Upon
request of the Company or upon termination or expiration of employment, the employee will turn over to the Company all property belonging
to the Company including all confidential information belonging to the Company, including but not limited to, all documents, plans, specifications,
disks, or other computer media, as well as any duplicates or backups made of that Confidential Information in whatever form or media,
in the possession or control of the employee that: 

may
 contain or be derived from ideas, concepts, creations, or trade secrets and other proprietary and confidential information; or 

is
 connected with or derived from the employee s employment with AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. 

2.15
Copyright and Protection of Intellectual Property 

Employees
are not entitled to any copyright or moral right in or arising from any work they produce in the course of their employment with AgriFORCE .
This includes any program, strategy, design, or system they develop during their employment with the Company. Any copyright or merchandising
rights in such work shall be the sole and exclusive property of AgriFORCE in accordance with the Canadian and International Copyright
Acts. 

2.16
Public Reporting and Retention of Records 

Depending
on your position with AgriFORCE , you may be called upon to provide necessary information to ensure that the Company s public reports
are complete, fair and understandable. AgriFORCE expects you to take this responsibility very seriously and to provide prompt accurate
answers to inquiries related to AgriFORCE public disclosure requirements. 

Employees
are required to ensure that all records are kept confidential and meet regulatory and legal requirements in the jurisdiction in which
they are created and/or maintained. Destruction of records can only take place if they are not required for any pending legal matters.
If you are unclear on what documents may be discarded, contact company legal counsel, or speak to your manager. 

2.17
Non-Solicitation 

During
the employee s term of employment with AgriFORCE and for a period of twelve (12) months after the end of that term, the
employee will not in any way, directly or indirectly: 

induce
 or attempt to induce any employee or contractor of the Employer to quit employment or retainer with AgriFORCE 

otherwise
 interfere with or disrupt AgriFORCE s relationship with its employees and contractors; 

discuss
 employment opportunities or provide information about competitive employment to any of AgriFORCE s employees or contractors;
 or 

solicit,
 entice, or hire away any employee or contractor of AgriFORCE for the purpose of an employment opportunity that is in competition
 with AgriFORCE . 

This
non-solicitation obligation as described above will be limited to employees or contractors who were employees or contractors of AgriFORCE 
during the period that the employee was employed by AgriFORCE . 

During
the term of the employee s active employment with AgriFORCE , and for one (1) year thereafter, the employee will not divert
or attempt to divert from AgriFORCE any business AgriFORCE had enjoyed, solicited, or attempted to solicit, from its customers,
prior to termination or expiration, as the case may be, of the employee s employment with AgriFORCE . 

2.18
Contract Binding Authority 

Unless
authorized in writing by AgriFORCE , employees do not have the authority to enter any contracts or commitments for or on the behalf of
the Company. AgriFORCE will maintain a list of delegated authorities in this regard. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

AgriFORCE
Growing Systems Ltd. LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES: 

un(Think)
Food Company Canada Ltd. 

AgriFORCE
Investments Inc. 

West
Pender Holdings Inc. 

AGI
IP Co. 

West
Pender Management Co. 

un(Think)
Food Company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. on Form S-3 (File No. 333-266722)
and Form S-8 (File No. 333-259052) of our report dated March 13, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of AgriFORCE Growing Systems
Ltd. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Our
report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a change in the method of accounting for leases effective January 1, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

Marcum
LLP 

 Costa
Mesa, California 

 March
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Ingo Mueller, Chief Executive Officer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Ingo Mueller 

Ingo
 Mueller 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14 and 15d-14 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Richard Wong, Chief Financial Officer, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Richard Wong 

Richard
 Wong 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, Ingo
Mueller, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Ingo Mueller 

Ingo
 Mueller 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure
document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AgriFORCE Growing Systems Ltd. (the Company for the period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, the undersigned, Richard
Wong, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 March 13, 2023 

/s/
 Richard Wong 

Richard
 Wong 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b)
of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K or as a separate disclosure
document. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 agri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 agri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 agri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 agri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

