<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_727634_0001213900-23-025193.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4951752</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>166447</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>954647</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1124982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1350365</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1225798</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025193.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331124733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			iSign Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000727634
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				942790442
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19301
		FILM NUMBER:		23785869

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2033 GATEWAY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 659
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6508027888

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2033 GATEWAY PLACE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 659
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNICATION INTELLIGENCE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025193.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_isignsolutions.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

for the transition period from ___ to ___ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other
jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
 
Identification No.) 

, , , 

(Address of principal
executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.01 par value 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting
stock (Common Stock) held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 30, 2022, is approximately based on the
closing sales price of 0.35 on such date, as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. The number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as
of the close of business on March 31, 2023, is . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFFERENCE 

iSign SOLUTIONS INC 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 5 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 5 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 5 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 5 
 
 PART II 
 6 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 6 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 6 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 6 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 18 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 18 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 19 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 20 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 20 
 
 PART III 
 21 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 25 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 28 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 29 
 
 PART IV 
 30 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 

iSign s logo, iSign , InkTools 
SIGVIEW , Sign-it , INKshrINK , SignatureOne , Ceremony , Signed,
Sealed, Delivered and The Power To Sign Online are registered trademarks of the Company. The Company intends
to register its trademarks generally in those jurisdictions where significant marketing of its products will be undertaken in the foreseeable
future. 

Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including without limitation, statements containing the words believes , anticipates , hopes ,
 intends , expects , and other words of similar import, constitute forward looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause actual events to differ materially from expectations. Such factors include the following: (1) technological, engineering,
quality control or other circumstances which could delay the sale or shipment of products; (2) economic, business, market and competitive
conditions in the software industry and technological innovations which could affect the Company s business; (3) the Company s
ability to protect its trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others or
prevent others from infringing on the proprietary rights of the Company; and (4) general economic and business conditions and the availability
of sufficient financing. 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

iSign Solutions Inc. (the
 Company or iSign ), was incorporated in Delaware in October 1986. iSign is a leading supplier of digital transaction
management (DTM) software enabling the paperless, secure and cost-effective management and authentication of document-based transactions.
iSign s solutions encompass a wide array of functionality and services, including electronic signatures, simple-to-complex workflow
management and various options for biometric authentication. These solutions are available across virtually all enterprise, desktop and
mobile environments as a seamlessly integrated platform for both ad-hoc and fully automated transactions. iSign s platform can be
deployed both on premise and as a cloud-based SaaS service, with the ability to easily transition between deployment models.
The Company is headquartered in San Jose, California. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, total revenue was 987, a decrease of 91, or 8 , compared to total revenue of 1,078 in the prior year. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, software product revenue was 332, a decrease of 41, or 11 , compared to product revenue of 373 in the prior year.
Maintenance revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 655, a decrease of 50, or -7 , compared to maintenance revenue of 705
in the prior year. The decrease in product revenue is due to decrease in SOW revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the net loss was 711, an increase of 225, or 46 , compared to a net loss of 486 in the prior year. For the year ended December
31, 2022, non-cash charges, consisting of interest expense, warrant expense and the amortization of debt discount were 372, an increase
of 23, or 7 , compared to 349 in the prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, operating expenses were 1,326, a decrease of
 13, or 1 , compared to operating expenses of 1,339 for the prior year. The increase in operating expenses resulted from none other income
from PPP loan in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Core Technologies 

The Company s core technologies
can be referred to as transaction-enabling and business process workflow technologies. These technologies include
various forms of electronic signature methods, such as handwritten, biometric, click-to-sign and others, as well as technologies related
to signature verification, authentication, cryptography and the logging of audit trails to prove signers intent. These technologies
enable the appending of secure, legal and regulatory compliant electronic signatures coupled with an enhanced user experience, all at
a fraction of the time and cost required by traditional, paper-based processes for signature capture. 

Products 

The Company s enterprise-class
SignatureOne and iSign suite of electronic signature solutions enable businesses to implement truly paperless,
electronic signature-driven business processes. The aggregate of the software functionality enabling the digitization of end-to-end workflow
processes is sometimes referred to as digital transaction management (DTM). Many applications provide electronic forms and
allow users to fill-in information, but most of these applications still require users to print out a paper copy for a handwritten, ink
signature. Solutions powered by iSign products allow legally binding electronic signatures to be added to digital documents, eliminating
the need for paper to memorialize the completion, approval or authentication of the transaction. This allows users to reduce transaction
times and processing costs. 

1 

The
SignatureOne and iSign suite of products includes the following: 

SignatureOne 
 Ceremony Server 
 The
 SignatureOne Ceremony Server Ceremony Server provides a highly
 secure, scalable, patent-protected and streamlined electronic signature solution. Its flexible, easy-to-configure
 and agile workflow can be rapidly integrated via standard Web services to become an ultimate and cost efficientcost-efficient
 endpoint in true straight-through processing (the complete removal of paper from business processes) and to
 facilitate end-to-end management of multi-party approvals for PDF and XHTML documents. The Ceremony Server
 contains iSign s core e-signature engine and signature ceremony management tools, andtools and can be
 seamlessly integrated with numerous ancillary products. Its key features include: 

Consent/disclosure
management integral part of audit record; easily reproducible in the event of a dispute; 

Configurable document presentment
 signatory receipt, access and viewing of document tracked in audit trail; 

Multi-party ceremonies 
complex processes, simplified; allows for dynamic, multi-channel workflow changes, including remote, face-to-face and mobile scenarios;

Supports complex business rules and dynamic user behaviors;

Configurable branding and workflow; 

Flexible tracking and reporting includes event
notification service 

Extensive audit trail 
embedded in individual document in a tamper evident digital seal; and 

Support for multiple signature methods click-to-sign;
biometric; and others. 

iSign 
Console 
 The iSign 
 Console Console leverages the Ceremony Server s core signature engine and is ideal for organizations
looking for a standalone electronic signature solution. Through its intuitive graphical interface, the Console allows users to upload
documents for signature, select signers and signature methods, and manage and enforce document workflow for routing, reviewing, signing
and notifications. The Console offers a secure and intuitive solution that requires no integration and is available on-premise or in
the cloud. 

iSign Enterprise 
 iSign Enterprise incorporates
the features and function of the Ceremony Server and the Console. 

iSign Family 
 The growing suite of iSign 
 products and service includes iSign Mobile (for signing on iOS and Android mobile devices), iSign 
Forms (for integrated use of templates and forms), and iSign Live (iSign s patent-pending co-browsing solution
for simultaneous browsing signature ceremonies). 

Sign-it 
 Sign-it is
a family of desktop software products that enable the real-time capture of electronic and digital signatures, as well as their verification
and binding within a standard set of applications, including Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft Word, web-based applications using HTML, XML
and XHTML, and custom applications for .NET, C# and similar development environments for the enterprise market. The Sign-it 
 family of products combines the strengths of biometrics, and other forms of electronic signatures, with cryptography in a patented
process that insures the creation of documents containing legally compliant electronic signatures. These signatures have the same legal
standing as a traditional so-called wet signature on paper and are created pursuant to the Electronic Signature in National and Global
Commerce Act, as well as other related legislation and regulations. With Sign-it products, organizations wishing to process
electronic forms, requiring varying levels of security, can reduce the cost and other inefficiencies inherent with paper documents by
adding electronic signature technologies to their workflow solutions. 

iSign 
 Toolkits 
 The
iSign suite of application development tools for electronic signature capture, encryption and verification in custom
applications and web-based processes captures and analyzes the image, speed, stroke sequence and acceleration of a person s handwritten
electronic signature. This capability offers an effective and inexpensive solution for immediate authentication of handwritten signatures.
iSign toolkits also store certain forensic elements of an electronic signature for use in determining whether a person s
electronic signature is legally valid. They also include software libraries for industry standard encryption and hashing to protect a
user s signature, as well as the data captured in the Ceremony process. 

2 

Products
and upgrades that were introduced and first deployed in 2020 include the following: 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.5.7 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.5.8 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.5.9 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.6.2 

iSign Enterprise 
 6.6.25 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.6.3 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.6.4 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.6.5 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.7 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.8 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.9 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.9.1 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.8.1 

iSign Enterprise 
 7. 10 

iSign Enterprise 
 6.6.26 

iSign Enterprise 
 7.8.2 

Sign-it for Acrobat 
 10.8 

Intellectual Property 

The Company relies on a combination
of patent applications, trademarks, trade secrets and contractual provisions to protect its software offerings and technologies. The Company
has a policy of requiring its employees and contractors to commit to the protection of proprietary information through written agreements.
The Company also has a policy of requiring prospective business partners to enter into non-disclosure agreements before disclosure of
any of its proprietary information. 

Over the years, the Company
has developed and patented major elements of its software offerings and technologies. 

The Company s technologies
go beyond simple electronic signature and include biometric signatures, verification solutions, authentication and validation methods,
that result in signed documents that are secure, legal and tamper-resistant. 

The Company has over 20 registered
and unregistered trademarks in the United States and other countries. The Company intends to register its trademarks in those jurisdictions
where significant marketing of its products will be undertaken in the foreseeable future. 

3 

Research and Development 

Our research and development
effort is focused on the development, advancement and refinement of our core products and the development of new products. In addition,
our research and development team is responsible for the continuous quality measurement and assurance of both existing and new products.
We conduct research on software technology, related computer hardware, competitive offerings and alternative solution approaches to develop
appropriate product and service offerings for our target markets. Our research and development efforts are often aimed at assisting clients
and licensees in further streamlining new and existing workflow processes that our software solutions support and at ensuring that we
meet or exceed industry standards and competitive offerings. We provide certain customization and integration services to our clients,
including software integration partners and enterprise customers. These efforts are conducted by our team in San Jose, California, supported
by contracted staff, including offshore engineers. 

We believe that our software
technologies, platforms and products are now competitive, and our research and development activities will remain at the core of our operations,
we intend, going forward, to continue to invest a portion of our resources in sales and marketing activities. 

Our research and development
expense were 590 for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 547 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Material Customers 

Historically, the Company s
revenue has been derived from hundreds of customers, but a significant percentage of the revenue has been attributable to a limited number
of customers. Three customers, as described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial statements, accounted for 21 , 28 , and 35 , respectively,
of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Seasonality of Business 

The Company believes that the
sale of its products is not subject to seasonal fluctuations. 

Backlog 

Backlog was approximately 203
and 215 at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively, representing advanced payments on product and service maintenance agreements. 

Competition 

We believe that our primary
competitive advantages include the following: 

Customer options and platform flexibility : Unlike most of our competitors,
we offer many flexible configuration options for enterprise clients to address many variants of complex business work flows without the
need for costly and time-consuming customization. These solution configurations can be rapidly and seamlessly integrated into a variety
of enterprise technology environments. 

Software deployment options : Unlike most
of our competitors, our software solutions are available as an on demand, private cloud-based software as a service, and on the customer s
premises, which is an important feature for most of our large enterprise clients for compliance, security and control reasons. 

Lower cost structure : Through our technology,
sales and marketing partners, including Cegedim SA, we believe we offer a lower relative cost structure and higher operating margin than
most of our larger competitors. 

Currently, our primary competition
for basic click-to-sign electronic signatures includes Adobe EchoSign, DocuSign and OneSpan (f.k.a. VASCO Data Security International
Inc.). We view the balance of the U.S. market as fragmented with a variety of smaller competitors focused on the consumer and small business
markets rather than enterprise organizations. 

4 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, the
Company employed five full-time employees, one part time employee and six independent contractors. The Company has established longstanding
strategic relationships that allow it to rapidly access product development and deployment capabilities that could be required to address
most customer requirements. None of the Company s employees are party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe our employee
relations are good. 

Geographic Areas 

For the years ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, sales in the United States as a percentage of total sales was 65 and 62 , respectively. At December 31, 2022, and
2021, long-lived assets located in the United States were 8 and 10, respectively. There were no long-lived assets located elsewhere
as of December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Segments 

The Company reports its financial
results in one segment. 

Available Information 

Our web site is located
at www.isignnow.com. The information on or accessible through our web site is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports are available, free of
charge, on our web site as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file with or furnish such material to the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). Furthermore, a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by iSign with
the SEC may be read and copied by the public at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549 on official
business days during the hours of 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling
the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information
regarding issuers, including iSign, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Not applicable. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company rents its principal
facilities, consisting of approximately 120 square feet in San Jose, California, pursuant to a month-to-month arrangement. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None. 

5 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities 

Market
Information 

The Company s common
stock Common Stock is quoted on OTC Markets Group Inc. s OTC Pink quotation system under the trading symbol ISGN.
Trading activity for the Company s Common Stock can be viewed at www.otcmarkets.com. The following table sets forth the high and
low sale prices of the Common Stock for the periods noted. 

Sale
 Price 
Per Share 
 
 Year 
 Period 
 High 
 Low 

2021 
 First Quarter 
 0.51 
 0.32 

Second Quarter 
 0.59 
 0.34 

Third Quarter 
 2.49 
 0.43 

Fourth Quarter 
 2.30 
 1.22 
 
 2022 
 First Quarter 
 2.21 
 0.93 

Second Quarter 
 1.45 
 0.75 

Third Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.55 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.27 
 0.07 

Holders 

As of March 31, 2023, there
were approximately 124 holders of record of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

To date, the Company has not
paid any dividends on its Common Stock and does not anticipate paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration and
payment of dividends on the Common Stock is at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, the Company s
operating results, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions or such other factors as the Board of Directors
may deem relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The
following discussion relating to projected growth and future results and events constitutes forward-looking statements. Actual results
in future periods may differ materially from the forward-looking statements due to a number of risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as otherwise required under applicable law, we disclaim any obligation
to revise or update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the
occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

Unless otherwise stated herein,
all figures in this Item 7, other than price per share data, are stated in thousands 000s ). 

6 

Overview and Recent Developments 

The Company is a leading
supplier of DTM software enabling the paperless, secure and cost-effective management and authentication of document-based transactions.
iSign s solutions encompass a wide array of functionality and services, including electronic signatures, simple-to-complex workflow
management and various options for biometric authentication. These solutions are available across virtually all enterprise, desktop and
mobile environments as a seamlessly integrated platform for both ad-hoc and fully automated transactions. The Company s products
and services result in legally binding transactions that are compliant with applicable laws and regulations and that can provide a higher
level of security than paper-based processes. The Company has been a leading supplier of enterprise software solutions within the financial
services and insurance industries and has made available to its customers significant expense reduction by enabling a completely electronic
document and workflow process, as well as the resulting reduction in mailing, scanning, filing and other costs related to the use of paper. 

The Company was incorporated
in Delaware in October 1986. Except for the year ended December 31, 2004, in each year since its inception the Company has incurred losses.
For the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, the net loss aggregated approximately 1,197, and at December 31, 2022, the Company s
accumulated deficit was approximately 136,400. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, total revenue was 987, a decrease of 91, or 8 , compared to total revenue of 1,078 in the prior year. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, software product revenue was 332, a decrease of 41, or 11 , compared to product revenue of 373 in the prior year.
Maintenance revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 655, a decrease of 50, or 7 , compared to maintenance revenue of 705
in the prior year. The decrease in product revenue is primarily attributable to the decrease in SOW revenue in the year ended December
31, 2022. The decrease in maintenance revenue is primarily attributable to existing customers renewing maintenance contracts at higher
price points. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, operating expenses were 1,326, a decrease of 13, or 1 , compared to operating expenses of 1,339 in the prior year. The decrease
in operating expenses resulted from reductions in the amortization of stock-based compensation and professional service expenses. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the loss from operations was 339, a decrease in loss of 78, or 30 , compared to a loss from operations
of 261 in the prior year. 

On February 28, 2021, the
Company issued an aggregate of 75 in unsecured notes, 30 to related parties and 45 to other investors. The Company received 15 in
cash and 15 in exchange for an account receivable advance, received in the prior year, from related parties, and 45 in cash from other
investors. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of 0.50. Upon closing
a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 0.50 per
share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2021. 

In April 2021, the Company
re-paid 49 of Accounts Receivable Advances and 6 in accrued but unpaid 5 advance fees to an affiliate. In addition, the Company repaid
to another affiliate 64 of Accounts Receivable Advances and 4 in accrued but unpaid 5 advance fees. 

In June 2021, the Company
paid the first installment in the amount of 40 plus accrued interest of 5 of a note entered into associated with a settlement agreement
dated July 1, 2020, with one of its vendors. The remaining 90 plus interest at the rate of 4 per annum is due in two installments, June
of 2022 and June of 2023. 

On September 30, 2021, the
Company issued a note to one an affiliate investor and received 75 in cash. The note bears interest at the rate of 20 per annum and
is due upon demand. 

7 

In November 2021, the Company
received 100 in cash and issued notes aggregating 100 to a related and an unrelated party. The notes bear interest at the rate of 20 
per annum and are due upon demand following ten calendar days prior written notice starting on March 29, 2022. 

In December 2021, the Company
received 50 in cash and issued a note aggregating 50 to a related party. The note bears interest at the rate of 20 per annum and is
due upon demand following ten calendar days prior written notice starting on March 29, 2022. 

In June 2022, the Company
paid the second installment in the amount of 45 plus accrued interest of 4 of a note entered into associated with a settlement agreement
dated July 1, 2020, with one of its vendors. The remaining 45 plus interest at the rate of 4 per annum is due in June of 2023 

On April 20, 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 70 in unsecured convertible notes, to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into
common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company
can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

On November 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 35 in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

On December 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 35 in unsecured convertible notes to related parties.. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into
common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company
can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 1, Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included under Part IV, Item 15 of this report on Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes. The amounts of assets and liabilities reported in its balance sheets and the amounts of revenue
and expenses reported for each period presented are affected by these estimates and assumptions that are used for, but not limited to,
revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, intangible asset impairments, fair value of financial instruments, stock-based compensation
and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The following critical accounting policies
are significantly affected by judgments, assumptions and estimates used by the Company s management in the preparation of the consolidated
financial statements. 

8 

Basis of consolidation: 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. All amounts
shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements are in thousands of dollars except per share amounts. 

Use of estimates: 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, at the date of the consolidated
financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ
from these estimates. 

Fair value measures: 

Fair value is the price that
would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an ordinary transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Our policy on fair value measures requires us to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The policy establishes a fair value
hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair value. A financial instrument s
categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The policy prioritizes the inputs into three levels that may be used to measure fair value: 

Level 1: Applies to assets or liabilities for
which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2: Applies to assets or liabilities for
which there are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted prices for similar assets
or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent
transactions (less active markets); or model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally
from, or corroborated by, observable market data. 

Level 3: Applies to assets or liabilities for
which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets
or liabilities. 

The Company s assets
and liabilities measured at fair value, whether recurring or non-recurring, at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and the fair
value calculation input hierarchy level that we have determined applies to each asset and liability category. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: 

The Company carries financial instruments on the consolidated balance
sheet at the fair value of the instruments as of the consolidated balance sheet date. At the end of each period, management assesses the
fair value of each instrument and adjusts the carrying value to reflect its assessment. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, there
were no adjustments to carrying values of financial instruments during this period. 

9 

Treasury Stock: 

Shares of common stock returned
to, or repurchased by, the Company are recorded at cost and are included as a separate component of stockholders equity (deficit).
Under the cost method, the gross cost of the shares reacquired is charged to a contra equity account titled treasury stock. The equity
accounts that were credited for the original share issuance (Common Stock, additional paid-in capital, etc.) remain intact. When the treasury
shares are reissued, proceeds in excess of cost are credited to additional paid-in capital. Any deficiency is charged to accumulated deficit
(unless additional paid-in capital from previous treasury share transactions exists, in which case the deficiency is charged to that account,
with any excess charged to accumulated deficit). 

Derivatives: 

The Company, from time to
time, enters into transactions which contain conversion privileges, the settlement of which may entitle the holder or the Company to settle
the obligation(s) by issuance of Company securities. The Company applies a two-step model in determining whether a financial instrument
or an embedded feature is indexed to an issuer s own stock and thus able to qualify for the scope exception. The fair value of each
derivative is estimated each reporting period. 

There are no derivatives
arising from convertible securities during 2022 and 2021. 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

The Company considers all
highly liquid investments with maturities at the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

The Company s cash and cash
equivalents, at December 31, consisted of the following: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash in bank 
 68 
 40 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 68 
 40 

Concentrations of credit risk: 

Financial instruments that
potentially subject the Company to significant concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts
receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions. This diversification of risk is consistent
with Company policy to maintain liquidity and mitigate risk of loss as to principal. 

To date, accounts receivable
has been derived principally from revenue earned from end users, manufacturers, and distributors of computer products in North America.
The Company performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers and does not require collateral. The Company maintains reserves for
potential credit losses; historically, such losses have been within management s expectations. 

10 

The allowance for doubtful
accounts is based on the Company s assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts and an assessment of international,
political and economic risk as well as the aging of the accounts receivable. If there is a change in actual defaults from the Company s
historical experience, the Company s estimates of recoverability of amounts due could be affected and the Company will adjust the
allowance accordingly. 

Deferred financing costs: 

Deferred financing costs
include costs paid in cash, such as professional fees and commissions. The costs associated with equity financings, such as in the sale
of Common or Preferred Stock, are netted against the proceeds of the offering. In the case of note financings, costs are amortized to
interest expense over the life of the notes or upon early payment using the effective interest method. 

Property and equipment, net: 

Property and equipment are
stated at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, ranging
from three to five years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives, not to exceed the term of the related
lease. The cost of additions and improvements is capitalized while maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation
expense was 4 and 4 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Long-lived assets: 

The Company evaluates the
recoverability of its long-lived assets at least annually or whenever circumstances or events indicate such assets might be impaired.
The Company would recognize an impairment charge in the event the net book value of such assets exceeded the future undiscounted cash
flows attributable to such assets. No such impairment charge was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Share-based payment: 

Share-based
compensation expense is based on the estimated grant date fair value of the portion of share-based payment awards that is ultimately
expected to vest during the period. The grant date fair value of share-based
awards to employees and directors is calculated using the Black-Scholes-Merton valuation model . Forfeitures 
of share-based payment awards are estimated at the time of grant and revised,
if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates and it is assumed no dividends will be declared.
The estimated fair value of share-based compensation awards to employees is amortized over the vesting period of the options. 

Revenue from Contracts with Customers: 

The Company s principal
sources of revenues are from the sale of software products, SOW (engineering services), annual software product, and software maintenance
contracts. The Company also derives revenue from customers based on the numbers of signatures produced by the Company s signature
software solutions imbedded within the customer s product. 

11 

Revenue from contracts with
customers is recognized using the following five steps: 

a) Identify the contract(s) with a customer. 

b) Identify the performance obligations (a good or service)
in the contract. 

c) Determine the transaction price, for each performance obligation
within the contract 

d) Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
in the contract; and 

e) Recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance
obligation. 

Contracts contain performance
obligation(s) for the transfer goods or services to a customer. The performance obligations are a promise (or a group of promises) that
are distinct. The transaction price is the amount of consideration a Company expects to receive from a customer in exchange for satisfying
the performance obligations specified in the contract. 

Contracts may contain one or more performance
obligations (a good or service). Performance obligations are accounted for separately if they are distinct. A good or service is distinct
if the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources readily available to the customer,
and the good or service is distinct in the context of the contract. Otherwise, performance obligations will be combined with other promised
goods or services until the Company identifies a bundle of goods or services that is distinct. 

The transaction price is
allocated to all separate performance obligations within the contract based on their relative standalone selling prices SSP ).
The best evidence for SSP is the price the Company would charge for that good or service when sold separately in similar circumstances
to similar customers. If goods or services are not always sold separately, the Company would use the best estimate of SSP in the allocation
of transaction price. 

The transaction price reflects
the amount of consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services, which may include
an estimate of variable consideration to the extent that it is probable of not being subject to significant reversals in the future based
on the Company s experience with similar arrangements. The transaction price also reflects the impact of the time value of money
if there is a significant financing component present in an arrangement. The transaction price excludes amounts collected on behalf of
third parties, such as sales taxes. 

Revenue is recognized when
the Company satisfies each performance obligation identified within the contract by transferring control of the promised goods or services
to the customer. Goods or services can transfer at a point in time or over time depending on the nature of the arrangement. 

Deferred revenue represents
the Company s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Company has received consideration from the customer.
Our payment terms do not vary by the type of products or services offered. The term between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 195 of revenue that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning
of the period. 

Contract assets exist when
the Company has satisfied a performance obligation but does not have an unconditional right to consideration (e.g., because the entity
first must satisfy another performance obligation in the contract before it is entitled to invoice the customer). 

12 

The Company transfers all
of its goods and services electronically with the associated costs recorded in cost of sales in the Company s Condensed Consolidated
Statements of Operations. 

Revenue from the sale of
software products is recognized when the control is transferred. For most of the Company s software product sales, the control is
transferred at the time the product is electronically transferred because the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership
of the asset and the Company has a present right to payment at that time. 

Statement of Work (SOW).
Revenue from SOW (engineering services) is recognized upon completion, transfer and satisfaction of the performance obligations identified
with in the contract by the customer. 

Transactional revenue. For
transactional type contracts, the Company s performance obligations are met upon transfer of the software master to the customer.
Revenue from transactional customers is recognized as the customer reports the number of units (signatures) rendered over the specified
reporting period, generally three months. 

Recurring Product revenue.
The company has revenue contracts that allow the customer to utilize the Company s signature software on an annual basis. Maintenance
and support costs are included in the annual price to the customer. The customer has the right to renew or cancel the contract on an annual
basis. Recurring revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract period, generally one year. 

Maintenance and support.
Maintenance and support services are satisfied ratably over time as the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of
the services. As a result, support and maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of the contract. 

Arrangements with Multiple
Performance Obligations. The Company has, from time to time, revenue arrangements that include multiple performance obligations. The Company
allocates transaction price to all separate performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices SSP ).
The Company s best evidence for SSP is the price the Company would charge for that good or service when the Company sells it separately
in similar circumstances to similar customers. If goods or services are not always sold separately, the Company uses the best estimate
of SSP in the allocation of transaction price. The Company s process for determining best estimate of SSP involves management s
judgment, and considers multiple factors including, but not limited to, major product groupings, gross margin objectives and pricing practices.
Pricing practices may vary over time, depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. If the facts and
circumstances underlying the factors considered change or should future facts and circumstances lead the Company to consider additional
factors, the Company s best estimate of SSP may also change. 

Contract costs. The incremental
costs of obtaining a contract are capitalized if the costs are expected to be recovered. Costs that are recognized as assets are amortized
straight-line over the period as the related goods or services transfer to the customer. Costs incurred to fulfill a contract are capitalized
if they are not covered by other relevant guidance, relate directly to a contract, will be used to satisfy future performance obligations,
and are expected to be recovered. 

Significant Judgments. The
Company may exercise significant judgment when determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations
that should be accounted for separately versus together. 

Practical Expedients and
Exemptions. Under Topic 606, incremental costs of obtaining a contract, such as sales commissions, are capitalized if they are expected
to be recovered. Expensing these costs as they are incurred is not permitted unless they qualify for the practical expedient. The Company
elected the practical expedient to expense the costs to obtain a contract as incurred when the expected amortization period is one year
or less. 

13 

The Company elected the practical
expedient under Topic 606 to not disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations, since the majority of
the Company s arrangements have original expected durations of one year or less, or the invoicing corresponds to the value of the
Company s performance completed to date. 

The Company elected the practical
expedient that allows the Company to not assess a contract for a significant financing component if the period between the customer s
payment and the transfer of the goods or services is one year or less. 

Research and development: 

Research and development
costs are charged to expense as incurred. 

Marketing: 

The Company expenses advertising
(marketing) costs as incurred. These expenses are outbound marketing expenses associated with participation in industry events, related
sales collateral and email campaigns aimed at generating customer participation in webinars. There were no advertising expenses for the
years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Net loss per share: 

The Company calculates net
loss per share under the provisions of the relevant accounting guidance. That guidance requires the disclosure of both basic net loss
per share, which is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, and diluted loss per share, which is based on the weighted
average number of shares and dilutive potential shares outstanding. 

The number of shares of Common
Stock subject to outstanding options and shares issuable upon exercise of warrants excluded from the calculation of loss per share as
their inclusion would be anti-dilutive are as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Common Stock subject to outstanding options 
 1,321 
 1,338 
 
 Common Stock subject to outstanding warrants 
 450 
 1,450 
 
 Common stock subject to outstanding convertible debt plus accrued interest 
 8,616 
 7,443 

Foreign currency assets and
liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the end-of-period exchange rates except for long-term assets and liabilities, which are
translated at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates in effect during each period
except for those expenses related to consolidated balance sheet amounts which are translated at historical exchange rates. 

Net foreign currency transaction
gains and losses are included in interest and other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses in 2022 and 2021 were insignificant. 

Income taxes: 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial
statement reported amounts and for tax loss and credit carry-forwards. A valuation allowance is provided against deferred tax assets when
it is determined to be more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. 

14 

Results of Operations Years Ended December
31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, total revenue was 987, a decrease of 91, or 8 , compared to total revenue of 1,078 in the prior year. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, software product revenue was 332, a decrease of 41, or 11 , compared to product revenue of 373 in the prior year.
Maintenance revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 655, a decrease of 50, or 7 , compared to maintenance revenue of 705
in the prior year. The decrease in product revenue is primarily attributable to the decrease in SOW revenue in the year ended December
31, 2022. The decrease in maintenance revenue is primarily attributable to existing customers renewing maintenance contracts at higher
price points. 

Cost of Sales 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cost of sales was 117, a decrease of 17, or 13 , compared to cost of sales of 134 in the prior year. The decrease was primarily
due to a decrease in direct engineering costs associated with the mix of engineering service and software product revenue during the year
ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. 

Operating Expenses 

Research and Development Expenses 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, research and development expenses were 590, a decrease of 43, or 8 , compared to research and development expenses of 547
in the prior year. Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and related costs, outside contract engineering, maintenance
items, and allocated facility expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, total research and development expenses before IT and cost
of sales allocations were 719, an increase of 26, or 4 , compared to 693 of total research and development expenses before allocations
in the prior year. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, sales and marketing expenses were 75, a decrease of 21, or 22 , compared to sales and marketing expenses of 96 in the prior
year. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in the sales of commissionable customer accounts. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, administrative expenses were 544, a decrease of 18, or 3 , compared to administrative expenses of 562 in the prior year.
The decrease was mainly due to a decrease in stock related compensation expense the year ended December 31, 2022. The decreases were offset
by increases in other overhead. 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

Other income (expense), net,
for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 0, a decrease of 125, or 100 , compared to income of 125 in the prior year. The decrease
in other income and expense is due primarily to the forgiveness of the paycheck protection program amount of 125. 

15 

Interest Expense 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, related party interest expense was 161, an increase of 34, or 27 , compared to related party interest expense of 127 in the
prior year. For the year ended December 31, 2022, other interest expense was 211, a decrease of 11, or 5 , compared to other interest
expense of 222 in the prior year. The increase in interest expense is primarily due to the increase in borrowings and interest associated
with increases in foreign revenues compared to the prior year period. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded 0 in debt discount amortization associated with its short-term borrowings. For the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recorded 0 in debt discount amortization associated with its short-term borrowings, 0 of which is attributable
to related parties and 0 of which is attributable to other investors. As of December 31, 2022, the entire amount of debt discount has
been fully amortized. 

The due date of the notes
was extended again in November 2022 to December 31, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, cash
and cash equivalents totaled 68, compared to cash and cash equivalents of 40 at December 31, 2021. Net cash used by operating activities
was 172. Cash of 203 was provided by financing activities, offset by 3 used in investing activities. At December 31, 2022, total current
assets were 195, compared to total current assets of 186 at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the Company s principal sources
of funds included its aggregated cash and cash equivalents of 68. 

Accounts receivable were
 108 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 16, or 13 , compared to accounts receivable of 124 at December 31, 2021. The decrease in accounts
receivable is primarily attributable to collection of the bills in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. 

Prepaid expenses and other
current assets were 19 at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3, or 14 , compared to prepaid expenses and other current assets of 22 at
December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to Normal amortization of prepaid insurance amounts . 

Short-term debt was 3,272
at December 31, 2022, an increase of 248, or 8 , compared to 3,024 in the prior year. See financing transactions below. Short term debt
includes principal amount on notes for 3,046, accounts receivable advances of 181, and a vendor note of 45. The Company negotiated
an extension of the due date of the notes to December 31, 2023. 

Accounts payable were 371
at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 7, or 2 , compared to 378 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is due primarily to a decrease in professional
services compared to the prior year. 

There was no change in the
amount of accrued compensation of 69 and deferred compensation of 219 at December 31, 2022, compared to the prior year. The deferred
compensation amount represents amounts owed to former employees. 

Other accrued liabilities
including the long-term portion were 2,608 at December 31, 2022, compared to 2,096 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 512, or 24 .
The increase is primarily attributable to the accrual of certain franchise taxes and professional service fees. 

Deferred revenue was 185
at December 31, 2022, a decrease of 11, or 6 , compared to deferred revenue, of 196 at December 31, 2021. The decrease is primarily
due to one customer renewing their maintenance contract on a time and material basis rather than an annual basis. The Company records
deferred maintenance when the billing is collected. 

16 

Financing Transactions 

Advances: 

In January 2022,
the Company received, from unrelated parties, demand notes aggregating 50 in cash. The notes bear interest at the rate of 20 per annum.
Principal and interest due shall be paid in full on demand, following ten (10) calendar day prior written notices starting on March 15,
2022. These notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty, premium or other consideration by giving at least five
(5) business day prior written notice to the Holder. 

On January 19 and February
9, 2022, the Company repaid 15 and 15, respectively, of accounts receivable advances from related parties along with 2 of accrued advance
fees. In addition, during February 2022, the Company repaid 100 of demand notes to an unrelated party along with 20 of accrued fees. 

In October 2022, the Company
received, from related parties, advances aggregating 6 in cash against certain accounts receivable of the Company. Upon collection of
an invoice, the Company agreed to repay the advance to the lenders on a pro rata basis together with a 3 advance fee. 

Debt : 

In March 2021, the Company
received, from related parties, advances aggregating 25 in cash against certain accounts receivable of the Company. Upon collection of
an invoice, the Company agreed to repay the advance to the lenders on a pro rata basis together with a 5 advance fee. The Company accrued
 1 in advance fees recorded as interest expense on the Statement of Operations. 

In April 2021, the Company
re-paid 49 of Accounts Receivable Advances and 6 in accrued but unpaid 5 advance fees to an affiliate. In addition, the Company repaid
to another affiliate 64 of Accounts Receivable Advances and 4 in accrued but unpaid 5 advance fees. 

In July 2021, the Company
received 10,000 in cash from an affiliate as an advance against certain accounts receivable. The company accrued a 5 advance fee and
recorded 500 as interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2021. Upon collection of the accounts receivable the Company
will repay the advance plus the 5 fee. 

In August and September 2021,
the Company received 50,000 and 36,000, respectively in cash from an affiliate as advances against certain accounts receivable. The
company accrued a 5 advance fees in August and September 2021, and recorded 4 as interest expense during the three months ended September
30, 2021. Upon collection of the accounts receivable the Company will repay the advances plus the 5 fee. 

In December 2021, the Company
re-paid 66 in Accounts Receivable Advances and 3 in accrued but unpaid 5 advance fees to two related parties. 

In June 2022, the Company
paid the second installment in the amount of 45 plus accrued interest of 4 of a note entered into associated with a settlement agreement
dated July 1, 2020, with one of its vendors. The remaining 45 plus interest at the rate of 4 per annum is due in June of 2023 

On April 20, 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 125 in unsecured convertible notes, 70 to related parties and 55 to other investors. The unsecured notes are
convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000
in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the
new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

On August 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 50 in unsecured convertible notes to other investors. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

On November 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 75 in unsecured convertible notes, 35 to related parties and 40 to other investors. The unsecured notes are
convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000
in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the
new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

17 

On December 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 72 in unsecured convertible notes, 35 to related parties and 37 to other investors. The unsecured notes are
convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000
in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the
new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

Contractual Obligations 

The Company had no material
commitments as of December 31, 2022. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk 

Interest Rate Risk. 
Any investments in fixed income securities are subject to interest rate risk and will fall in value if the market interest rates increase.
The Company attempts to limit this exposure by investing primarily in short-term securities. 

Foreign Currency Risk .
The Company operates a joint venture in China and from time-to-time could make certain capital equipment or other purchases denominated
in foreign currencies. As a result, the Company s cash flows and earnings could be exposed to fluctuations in interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates. The Company would attempt to limit any such exposure through operational strategies and generally has not hedged
currency exposure. 

Future Results and Stock
Price Risk. The Company s stock price may be subject to significant volatility. The public stock markets have experienced significant
volatility in stock prices in recent years. The stock prices of technology companies have experienced particularly high volatility, including,
at times, severe price changes that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. The trading price
of the Company s Common Stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to, among other factors, quarter-to-quarter variations
in operating results, announcements of technological innovations or new products by the Company or its competitors, competitor consolidation
in the industry, announcements of new strategic relationships by the Company or its competitors, general conditions in the computer software
industry or the global economy generally, or market volatility unrelated to the Company s business and operating results. The impact and
severity of the above factors could be exacerbated by the Company s small size, public float and a lack of market liquidity for
its Common Stock. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The Company s audited consolidated
financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2022, begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and are incorporated into this item by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 

None 

18 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company carried out an
evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to
paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation
the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our
disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit
under the Exchange Act (1) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules
and forms, and (2) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

The Company does not expect
that its disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. A control procedure, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control procedures are met. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control procedures, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances
of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making
can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. The Company considered these limitations
during the development of its disclosure controls and procedures, and will continually reevaluate them to ensure they provide reasonable
assurance that such controls and procedures are effective. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. 

Management
has assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal
Control, Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

19 

In performing this assessment,
management identified the following material weaknesses: 

As a small company with limited
resources that are mainly focused on the development and sales of software products and services, iSign does not employ a sufficient number
of staff in its finance department to possess an optimal segregation of duties or to provide optimal levels of oversight. This has resulted
in certain audit adjustments and management believes that there may be a possibility for a material misstatement to occur in future periods
while it employs the current number of personnel in its finance department. 

Based on its assessment,
our management concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. Management believes
that the identified weaknesses have not affected our ability to present GAAP-compliant financial statements in this Form 10-K. During
the year-end financial statement close the Company was able to adjust its financial records to properly present its financial statements
and we were therefore able to present GAAP-compliant financial statements. Management does not believe that its weakness with respect
to its procedures and controls have had a pervasive effect upon our financial reporting due to our ability to make the necessary reconciling
adjustments to our financial statements. 

Management s Remediation Initiatives 

Management conducts a number
of activities to address the material weaknesses noted above, including but not limited to the following: 

Key managers and accounting personnel work closely with our
independent audit firm in evaluating our progress in remediating our material weaknesses with oversight by the audit committee. 

Evaluate control procedures on an ongoing basis, and, where
possible, modify those control procedures to improve oversight. 

Evaluate, and, where possible, employ additional third-party
resources that can provide oversight support within the Company s budget constraints; and 

As the Company grows its business and the cash flow necessary
to hire additional accounting personnel, management expects to pursue and implement such additional hires. 

Elements of our remediation
plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurances that those initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects.
Ultimately, revenue growth and performance improvements are the most likely avenue to greater resources that will improve the Company s
internal controls. 

Management will continue
the process of reviewing existing controls, procedures and responsibilities to more closely identify financial reporting risks and the
required controls to address them. Key control and compensating control procedures will be developed to ensure that material weaknesses
are properly addressed and related financial reporting risks are mitigated. Periodic control validation and testing will also be implemented
to ensure that controls continue to operate consistently and as designed. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting . 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

None. 

20 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers,
and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth
certain information concerning the Company s directors and executive officers: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions
 with the Company 
 
 Philip S. Sassower 
 
 83 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Michael Engmann 
 
 74 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Operating Financial Officer 
 
 Andrea Goren 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Francis J. Elenio 
 
 56 
 
 Director 
 
 Stanley Gilbert 
 
 83 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeffrey Holtmeier 
 
 64 
 
 Director 
 
 David E. Welch 
 
 76 
 
 Director 

The business experience of
each of the directors and executive officers for at least the past five years includes the following: 

Philip S. Sassower has served as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since August 2010, and Co-Chairman since October 2015. Mr.
Sassower is a Managing Director of SG Phoenix LLC, a private equity firm, and has served in that capacity since May 2003. Mr. Sassower
has also been Chief Executive Officer of Phoenix Enterprises LLC, a private equity firm, and has served in that capacity since 1996. Mr.
Sassower is co-manager of the managing member of Phoenix Venture Fund LLC. Mr. Sassower s qualifications to serve on the Board of
Directors include more than 40 years of business and investment experience. Mr. Sassower was elected to be the Chairman of the Board of
Birch Wathen Lenox School, NY, NY in May 2022. Mr. Sassower has developed extensive experience working with management teams and boards
of directors, and in acquiring, investing in, and building companies and implementing changes. 

Michael Engmann 
has served as the Company s CFO since July 2021, Co-Chairman since October 2015, and as the Company s Chief Operating Officer
since May 2017. Mr. Engmann is Chairman of Engmann Options; a family trading and investment holding company and has served in that capacity
since 1978. Mr. Engmann has approximately 40 years of experience in building successful financial service companies. He began his career
as a trader and was one of the early market-makers in the Pacific Stock Exchange s options program. He (i) founded, in 1980, Sage
Clearing Corporation, a stock and options clearing company for professional traders, which was sold to ABN Amro Inc. in 1988, (ii) founded,
in 1982, Preferred Trade, Inc., a broker-dealer providing research and trade execution services, which was sold to Fimat in May 2005,
and (iii) acquired in 2001 Revere Data LLC, a global financial and market data company, which was sold to Factset in2013. Mr. Engmann s
qualifications to serve on the Board of Directors include more than 40 years of business and investment experience. 

Andrea Goren has
served as a director since August 2010. Mr. Goren held the office of the Company s Chief Financial Officer from December 2010 to
June of 2021. Mr. Goren was named Chief Financial Officer of INVO Bioscience, Inc. (NASDAQ: INVO), a medical device company, in June 2021
and is a Managing Director of SG Phoenix LLC, a private equity firm, since May 2003. Mr. Goren is co-manager of the managing member of
Phoenix Venture Fund LLC, the Company s largest shareholder. Prior to that, Mr. Goren served as Vice President of Shamrock International,
Ltd., a private equity firm. Mr. Goren was a director of Xplore Technologies Corp. (NASDAQ: XPLR) from December 2004 to July 2018, and
a director of The Fairchild Corporation (NYSE: FA) from May 2008 to January 2010. Mr. Goren s qualifications to serve on the Board
of Directors include his experience and knowledge acquired in over 23 years of private equity investing and his extensive experience working
with management teams and boards of directors. 

21 

Francis J. Elenio 
has served as a director since November 2015, after having served as a director of the Company from August 2010 to October 2011. Since
November 2005, Mr. Elenio has served as Managing Director of Reeff Consulting LLC, a financial and business advisory firm providing outsourced
accounting and consulting services for start-up to midsized companies. Mr. Elenio has over 25 years of experience working with corporations
as a strategic, solution-driven professional focused on finance and accounting, operations and turn-around management. Mr. Elenio has
served at the CFO level at numerous public and private companies, including Wilshire Enterprises, Inc., a real estate investment and management
company, Web Collage, Inc., an internet content integrator for manufacturers, Go America, Inc., a wireless internet service provider and
Roomlinx, Inc., a provider of wireless high speed internet access to hotels and conference centers. Mr. Elenio is a CPA and received an
MBA. Since September 2007, Mr. Elenio has also been an Adjunct Professor of Finance at Seton Hall University. Mr. Elenio serves on the
Company s audit committee. Mr. Elenio s qualifications to serve on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee include his
experience as a CFO working with technology companies like iSign. 

Stanley L. Gilbert 
has served as a director since October 2011. Mr. Gilbert has 56 years of experience as a lawyer with primary specialties in wills, trusts,
estate planning and administration, as well as tax planning. Mr. Gilbert is Founder and has been President of Stanley L. Gilbert PC since
1982. Mr. Gilbert has also been a partner of a number of law firms, including Nager Korobow, Bell Kallnick Klee and Green, and Migdal
Pollack Rosenkrantz and Sherman. Mr. Gilbert has served as a Director of Planned Giving at Columbia University Medical Center s
Nathaniel Wharton Fund, which supports a broad variety of projects in basic research, clinical care and teaching since 2001. Mr. Gilbert
was elected by a majority of iSign s Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred stockholders voting together as a separate
class on an as converted to Common Stock basis and serves on iSign s audit and compensation committees. Mr. Gilbert s qualifications
to serve on the Board of Directors include his significant tax and accounting expertise acquired through his years of practicing law. 

Jeffrey Holtmeier 
has served as a director since August 2011. Jeff has more than 30 years of successful entrepreneurial track record and was awarded the
coveted USA Today/NASDAQ/Ernst Young Entrepreneur of the Year honor and was a finalist for the International Business Award. Jeff
also has deep boardroom experience as a result of service on the Boards of Directors of several U.S. and Chinese companies, both public
and private. He is also a significant contributor in the non-profit world in his local community, with over thirty years of board leadership
and service for programs addressing homelessness and people with special needs. 

David
E. Welch has served as a director since March 2004. From July 2002 to present Mr. Welch has been the principal of David E. Welch Consulting,
a financial consulting firm. Mr. Welch has also been Vice President of Operations at Vertex Innovations, Inc., from June 2015 to April
2017. Mr. Welch was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Millennium Corporation, Inc., a provider of satellite-based
asset tracking and reporting equipment, from April 2004 to September 2014. Mr. Welch was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Active Link Communications, a manufacturer of telecommunications equipment, from 1999 to 2002. Mr. Welch has held positions as Director
of Management Information Systems and Chief Information Officer with Micromedex, Inc. and Language Management International from 1995
through 1998. Mr. Welch other directorships have been with Aspen Bio Pharma, Inc., from 2004 to 2017, Pepper Ball Technologies, Inc. from
January 2007 to January 2009 and Advanced Nutraceuticals, Inc., from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Welch is a Certified Public Accountant licensed
in the state of Colorado. He serves on iSign s audit and compensation committees. Mr. Welch s qualifications to serve on the
Board of Directors include his significant accounting and financial expertise . 

22 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act requires the Company s officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities to file certain reports with the SEC regarding ownership of, and transactions in, the Company s securities. These officers,
directors and stockholders are also required by SEC rules to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that are
filed with the SEC. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a written
code of business conduct and ethics, referred to as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our directors, officers,
and employees, including our principal executive officer, our principal financial and accounting officer, and our Chief Technology officer.
A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Company s web site, at www.isignnow.com. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Mr. Welch serves as the Audit
Committee s financial expert. Each member of the Audit Committee is independent as defined under the applicable rules and regulations
of the SEC and the director independence standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market, as currently in effect. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Summary Compensation Table (in dollars) 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (4) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Change in Pension Value And Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Philip S Sassower, 
 2022 
 (1) 

Co-Chairman and CEO 
 2021 
 (1) 

Michael Engmann, 
 2022 
 (2) 

CFO, President and COO 
 2021 
 (2) 

Andrea Goren, 
 2022 
 (3) 

Director 
 2021 
 (3) 

1. Mr. Sassower was appointed Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer on August 5, 2010, and Co-Chairman
since October 2015. Mr. Sassower receives no salary compensation. 

2. Mr. Engmann was appointed Chief Financial Officer on June of 2021 and President and Chief Operating Officer
on May 15, 2017. Mr. Engmann receives no salary compensation from the Company. 

3. Mr. Goren resigned as Chief Financial Officer in June of 2021. Mr. Goren received no compensation from
the Company. 

4. The amounts, if any, provided in this column represent the aggregate grant date fair value of option awards
granted to our officers, as calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Stock Compensation. In accordance with applicable regulations,
the value of such options does not reflect an estimate for features related to service-based vesting used by the Company for financial
statement purposes. 

23 

Mr. Engmann is retained by
the Company without an agreement. Mr. Engmann s service as Chief Financial Officer and Co-Chairman and Chief Operating Officer is
month to month. Mr. Engmann is currently entitled to receive a cash sum payment of 6,500 per month. The Company has agreed to pay Mr.
Engmann for reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred for Services rendered by him, as long as he obtains written approval
of the Company prior to incurring any significant expense. 

Mr. Goren and Mr. Sassower
are retained by the Company through an Advisory Services Agreement (the SGP Agreement with SG Phoenix LLC SGP ).
Mr. Goren and Mr. Sassower are managing members of SGP. The initial term of the SGP Agreement was two years and it automatically renews
for additional one year periods upon the same terms and conditions unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intent to
terminate at least 90 days prior to the then-current term. SGP currently is entitled to receive a cash sum payment of 6,500 SGP
Fee per month. In addition, SGP is eligible for, but not entitled to receive, an annual cash performance fee of up to thirty-five
percent (35 of the SGP Fee during a given year or prorated portion thereof. Such performance fee, if any, would be awarded based upon
the sole discretion of the Company s Board of Directors. No performance fee was paid to SGP in 2020. Under the SGP Agreement, SGP
furnishes, at its own expense, all materials and equipment necessary to carry out the terms of the SGP Agreement. The Company has agreed
to pay SGP for reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred for services rendered by SGP during the term of the SGP Agreement,
as long as SGP obtains written approval of the Company prior to incurring any significant expense. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes the outstanding
equity award holdings held by our named executive officers. The amounts are not stated in thousands. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Philip S. Sassower, Co-Chairman and CEO 
 168,000 (1) 
 14,994 
 0.68 
 8/9/2025 

Michael Engmann, President and COO CFO 
 158,000 (3) 
 14,994 
 0.67 
 8/9/2025 

Andrea Goren, Director 
 186,000 (5) 
 14,994 
 0.69 
 8/9/2025 

(1) Mr. Sassower s 108,000 options were issued on August 9, 2018. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

(2) Mr. Sassower s 60,000 options were issued on August 11, 2020. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

(3) Mr. Engmann s 98,000 options were issued on August 9, 2018. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

(4) Mr. Engmann s 60,000 options were issued on August 11, 2020. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

(5) Mr. Goren s 126,000 options were issued on August 9, 2018. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

(6) Mr. Goren s 60,000 options were issued on August 11, 2020. The options have a seven-year life and vest quarterly over three
years. 

24 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

There were no stock options
exercised during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Director Compensation 

The non-employee directors
of the Company s received no compensation for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table sets
forth information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to the beneficial ownership of (i) any person known to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of any class of voting securities of the Company, (ii) each director and director nominee of the Company, (iii) each
of the current executive officers of the Company named in the Summary Compensation Table under the heading Executive Compensation 
and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table (i) each
person has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares attributable to such person and (ii) each person s address
is c/o iSign Solutions, Inc., 2033 Gateway Place, Suite 662, San Jose California 95110-1413. The amounts are not stated in thousands. 

Common
Stock 
 
 Name
of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of 
 Shares (1) 
 Percent Of Class (1) 
 
 Philip S. Sassower (2) 
 1,723,968 
 26.52 
 
 Andrea Goren (3) 
 1,577,834 
 23.31 
 
 Stanley Gilbert (4) 
 163,923 
 2.56 
 
 Jeffrey Holtmeier (5) 
 55,329 

David E. Welch (6) 
 52,452 

Michael W. Engmann (7) 
 1,266,366 
 19.00 
 
 Francis Elenio (8) 
 51,668 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 persons) (9) 
 3,819,070 
 51.22 
 
 5 Shareholders 

Phoenix Venture Fund LLC (10) 
 1,072,440 
 16.91 

Less than 1 . 

1. Shares of Common Stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership of Common
Stock assumes the exercise or conversion of all options, warrants and other securities convertible into Common Stock, beneficially owned
by such person or entity currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise
of stock options and warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 or securities convertible into Common Stock within 60 days
of March 15, 2023 are deemed outstanding and held by the holder of such shares of Common Stock, options and warrants for purposes of computing
the percentage of outstanding Common Stock beneficially owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage
of outstanding Common Stock beneficially owned by any other person. The percentage of beneficial ownership of Common Stock beneficially
owned is based on shares of Common Stock. The shares of Common Stock beneficially owned and the respective percentages of beneficial ownership
of Common Stock stated in these columns assume conversion of all outstanding options and warrants into shares of Common Stock. 

2. Represents (a) 1,565,964 shares of Common Stock, (b) 158,004 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 (see table below for details), including securities beneficially owned
by SG Phoenix LLC, Phoenix Ventures LLC and Phoenix Enterprises Family Fund LLC. Please see footnote 11 below for information concerning
shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Phoenix. Along with Mr. Goren, Mr. Sassower is the co-manager of SG Phoenix Ventures LLC,
which has the shared power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock held by Phoenix and, accordingly, Mr. Sassower may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of the shares owned by Phoenix Mr. Goren and Mr. Sassower each disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares
owned by Phoenix, except to the extent of their respective pecuniary interests therein. Mr. Sassower s address is 70 East 55 th 
Street, 10 th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

25 

Philip 
 Sassower 
 SG Phoenix 
 LLC 
 Phoenix 
 Ventures, 
 LLC 
 Phoenix 
 Enterprise 
 Family 
 Fund LLC 
 Total 
 
 Common shares 
 487,541 
 230,789 
 841,651 
 5,983 
 1,565,964 
 
 Stock Options 
 158,004 

158,004 
 
 Total 
 645,545 
 230,789 
 841,651 
 5,983 
 1,723,968 

3. Represents (a) 1,151,830 shares of Common Stock, (b) 176,004 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (b) 250,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of
warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 (see table below for details), including securities beneficially owned by Andax
LLC, SG Phoenix LLC, Phoenix Ventures LLC, and Mr. Goren. Please see footnote 11 below for information concerning Phoenix s beneficial
ownership. Mr. Goren is managing member Andax LLC and disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares except to the extent of his pecuniary
interest therein. Along with Mr. Sassower, Mr. Goren is the co-manager of SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, which has the power to vote and dispose
of the shares held by Phoenix and accordingly, Mr. Goren may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares owned by Phoenix. Mr.
Goren and Mr. Sassower each disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Phoenix except to the extent of their respective pecuniary
interests therein. Mr. Goren s address is 70 East 55 th Street, 10 th Floor, New York, NY 10022. 

Andrea 
 Goren 
 Andax, LLC 
 SG Phoenix 
 LLC 
 Phoenix 
 Ventures, 
 LLC 
 Total 
 
 Common shares 
 38,162 
 41,228 
 230,789 
 841,651 
 1,151,830 
 
 Stock Options 
 176,004 

161,010 
 
 Warrants 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Total 
 464,166 
 41,228 
 230,789 
 841,651 
 1,577,834 

4. Represents (a) 112,255 shares of Common Stock, and (b) 51,668 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the
exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023 (see table below for details). As manager of Galaxy LLC, Mr. Gilbert
has the power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock held by Galaxy LLC, and, accordingly, Mr. Gilbert may be deemed to be
the beneficial owner of the shares owned by Galaxy LLC. 

Stanley 
 Gilbert 
 Galaxy LLC 
 Mrs. Gilbert 
 Total 
 
 Common shares 
 109,111 
 1,426 
 1,718 
 112,255 
 
 Stock options 
 51,668 

51,668 
 
 Total 
 160,779 
 1,426 
 1,718 
 163,293 

5. Represents (a) 3,661 shares of Common Stock and (b) 51,668 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. As manager of Genext, Mr. Holtmeier has the power to vote and dispose of the
shares of Common Stock held by Genext, and, accordingly, Mr. Holtmeier may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares owned by
CUBD and Genext. 

6. Represents 51,668 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days
of March 15, 2023. 

26 

7. Represents (a) 943,332 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Engmann, (b) 148,004 shares of
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (c) an aggregate of 175,000 shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, beneficially owned by Mr. Engmann. See
the following table for more detail. Mr. Engmann s address is 220 Bush Street, No. 660, San Francisco, CA 94104. 

Michael 
 Engmann 
 Brad W 
 Engmann 
 Sean 
 Engmann 
 Douglas J 
 Engmann 
 MDNH 
 Partners, 
 LP 
 KENDU 
 Partners 
 Company 
 Total 
 
 Common shares 
 611,366 
 71,942 
 73,467 
 66,537 
 119,026 
 994 
 943,332 
 
 Stock Options 
 148,004 

148,004 
 
 Warrants 
 175,000 

175,000 
 
 Total 
 943,370 
 71,942 
 73,467 
 66,537 
 119,026 
 994 
 1,266,366 

8. Represents 52,452 shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days
of March 15, 2023. 

9. Includes (a) 2,704,602 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned, (b) 689,468 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of options exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023, and (c) an aggregate of 425,000 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of warrants exercisable within 60 days of March 15, 2023. The aforementioned includes 1,072,440 shares of Common Stock beneficially
owned by Phoenix. Please see footnote 10 below for information concerning shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Phoenix. Mr. Sassower
and Mr. Goren are the co-managers of SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, which has the shared power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock
held by Phoenix and, accordingly, Mr. Sassower and Mr. Goren may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the shares owned by Phoenix.
SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, Mr. Sassower and Mr. Goren each disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Phoenix, except to the extent
of their respective pecuniary interests therein. 

10. SG Phoenix Ventures LLC is the Managing Member of Phoenix, with the power to vote and dispose of the shares
of Common Stock held by Phoenix. Accordingly, SG Phoenix Ventures LLC may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such shares. Andrea
Goren is the co-manager of SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, has the shared power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock held by Phoenix
and, as such, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the common shares owned by Phoenix and by SG Phoenix LLC, of which he is a member.
Philip Sassower is the co-manager of SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, has the shared power to vote and dispose of the shares of Common Stock held
by Phoenix and, as such, may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the common shares owned by Phoenix and by SG Phoenix LLC, of which
he is a member. SG Phoenix Ventures LLC, Mr. Goren and Mr. Sassower each disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares owned by Phoenix,
and Mr. Goren and Mr. Sassower each disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares owned by SG Phoenix LLC, except to the extent of their
respective pecuniary interests therein. The address of these stockholders is 70 East 55 th Street, 10 th Floor, New
York, NY 10022. 

Phoenix 
 Venture 
 Fund LLC 
 SG Phoenix 
 LLC 
 Total 
 
 Common shares 
 841,651 
 230,789 
 1,072,440 

27 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides
information as of December 31, 2022, regarding our compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity
securities are authorized for issuance: 

Number of 
 Securities 
 To Be Issued Upon 
 Exercise of 

 Outstanding 
 Options 
and Rights 
 Weighted-Average 
 Exercise 
Price Of 
 Outstanding 
 Options
 
and Rights 
 Number of Securities 
 Remaining Available 
For Future
 Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation Plans 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans Approved by Security Holders 

2011 Stock Compensation Plan (1) 
 1,296,984 
 0.59 
 452,966 

1. There are 1,000 shares held in the 2011 Stock Compensation
Plan not approved by the Security holders. 

Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Procedures for Approval
of Related Person Transactions 

In
accordance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, we submit all proposed transactions involving our officers and directors and
related parties, and other transactions involving conflicts of interest, to the Board of Directors or the Audit Committee for approval.
Each of the related party transactions listed below that were submitted to our board were approved by a disinterested majority of our
Board of Directors after full disclosure of the interest of the related party in the transaction. 

Director Independence 

The
Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Gilbert, Holtmeier, Elenio and Welch are independent, as defined under the
rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market relating to director independence, and Messrs. Sassower, Engmann and Goren are not independent under
such rules. Messrs. Welch, Gilbert, and Holtmeier serve on the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Each of the members of
the Compensation Committee is independent under the rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market relating to director independence. Messrs. Welch,
Elenio and Holtmeier serve on the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Under the applicable rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market
and the SEC relating to independence of Audit Committee members, the Board of Directors has determined that Messrs. Welch, Holtmeier and
Elenio are independent. 

28 

Related Party Transactions 

Phoenix is the beneficial
owner of approximately 16.9 of the Common Stock of the Company when calculated in accordance with Rule 13d-3 

On April 20, 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 70 in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

On November 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 35 in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

On December 2022, the Company
issued an aggregate of 35 in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. and 37 to other investors. The unsecured notes are convertible
by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of 1.00. Upon closing a new financing of at least 1,000 in aggregate
proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of 1.00 per share or the price per share of the new financing.
The notes bear interest at the rate of 10 per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

There were no
stock option grants to affiliates of the Company during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

Debt discount amortization
associated with the Company s indebtedness for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 0 and 0, respectively, of which
 0 and 0, respectively, was related party expense. 

Interest expense associated
with the Company s indebtedness for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, was 372 and 267 respectively, of which 161 and
 122, respectively, was related party expense. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Audit and other Fees. M K, PLLC has been the
Company s auditors since June 2020. Armanino LLP was the Company s auditors since from August 2014. During fiscal years 2022
and 2021, the fees for audit and other services performed by M K PLLC and Armanino LLP for the Company were as follows: 

M K PLLC 
 Armanino LLP 
 
 Nature of Service 
 2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 25,000 
 60 
 9,000.00 
 38 

Audit-related Fees 
 16,500 
 40 
 15,000.00 
 63 

3,775.00 
 19 
 
 Tax Fees 

15,965.00 
 96 
 14,500.00 
 72 
 
 All Other Fees 

690.00 
 4 
 1,795.00 
 9 
 
 Total 
 41,500 
 100 
 24,000.00 
 100 
 16,655.00 
 100 
 20,070.00 
 100 

Pre-Approval Policies. 

It is the policy of the Company
not to enter into any agreement with its auditors to provide any non-audit services unless (a) the agreement is approved in advance by
the Audit Committee or (b) (i) the aggregate amount of all such non-audit services constitutes no more than 5 of the total amount the
Company pays to the auditors during the fiscal year in which such services are rendered, (ii) such services were not recognized by the
Company as constituting non-audit services at the time of the engagement of the non-audit services and (iii) such services are promptly
brought to the attention of the Audit Committee and prior to the completion of the audit are approved by the Audit Committee or by one
or more members of the Audit Committee who are members of the board of directors to whom authority to grant such approvals has been delegated
by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee will not approve any agreement in advance for non-audit services unless (x) the procedures
and policies are detailed in advance as to such services, (y) the Audit Committee is informed of such services prior to commencement and
(z) such policies and procedures do not constitute delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management under the
Exchange Act. 

The Audit Committee has considered
whether the provision of non-audit services has impaired the independence of M K PLLC and Armanino LLP and has concluded that both
M K PLLC and Armanino LLP were independent under applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules and regulations. 

29 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K: 

(1) Financial Statements 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page (a)(1) Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID F-1 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, 2021 F-2 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 

30 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted because they are not
applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 

Exhibits 

The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K are listed in paragraph (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits. 

The following exhibits are filed herewith or are
incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC as indicated below: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-19301). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation (authorizing the reclassification of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock into one class of Common Stock) filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 1, 1991, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3 to Amendment 1 on Form 8 to the Company s Form 8-A (File No. 000-19301). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State June 12, 1998, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Company s 1998 Form 10-K filed on April 6, 1999. 
 
 3.4 
 
 By-laws of the Company adopted on October 6, 1986, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-19301). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State January 24, 2001, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S/1 filed on December 28, 2007. 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of the Company s Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State August 17, 2001, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S/1 filed on December 28, 2007. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State August 17, 2007, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S/1 filed on December 28, 2007. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on May 18, 1995, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 4, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 30, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 30, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2009. 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of the Company s Series A Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 30, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2009. 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 30, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.13 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 3.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to By-laws dated June 17, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.14 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 16, 2010. 
 
 3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 4, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.15 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 

31 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Document 
 
 3.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 4, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.16 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on August 4, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.17 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended And Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 31, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2011. 
 
 3.19 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 31, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2011. 
 
 3.20 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series B Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 31, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.20 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2011. 
 
 3.21 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 31, 2010, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.21 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2011. 
 
 3.22 
 
 Amendment to the Amended And Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series B Participating Convertible Preferred Stock, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 31, 2011. 
 
 3.23 
 
 Amendment to the Amended And Restated Certificate of Designation of the Series C Participating Convertible Preferred Stock, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 31, 2011. 
 
 3.24 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 13, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A on October 22, 2012. 
 
 3.25 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 13, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.25 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 3.26 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series B Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 13, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.26 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 3.27 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series C Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 13, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.27 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 3.28 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on November 13, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.28 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 3.29 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 10, 2013, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A on November 1, 2013. 
 
 3.30 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 31, 2013, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.30 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 3.31 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on December 16, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on Schedule 14A on October 17, 2014. 

32 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Document 
 
 3.32 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on March 24, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.32 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015. 
 
 3.33 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 18, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016. 
 
 3.34 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series B Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 18, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016. 
 
 3.35 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of Series C Participating Convertible Preferred Stock filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 18, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016. 
 
 3.36 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 18, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016. 
 
 3.37 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed with Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 18, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 16, 2016. 
 
 4.10 
 
 1999 Stock Option Plan, as amended, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on September 19, 2008. 
 
 4.11 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004. 
 
 4.12 
 
 Form of Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004. 
 
 4.13 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2006. 
 
 4.14 
 
 Form of Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2006. 
 
 4.15 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007. 
 
 4.16 
 
 Form of Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2007. 
 
 4.17 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2007. 
 
 4.18 
 
 Form of Warrant issued the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2007. 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.19 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 4.20 
 
 Form of Additional Common Stock Purchase Warrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 4.21 
 
 Form of Secured Promissory Note issued by the Company dated June 5, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008 . 

33 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Document 
 
 4.22 
 
 Form of Additional Secured Promissory Note, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.22 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 4.23 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A-1 Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on October 30, 2008, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2009. 
 
 4.24 
 
 Form of Secured Promissory Note issued by the Company dated May 28, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 4.25 
 
 Form of Additional Secured Promissory Note, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 4.26 
 
 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued by the Company, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 4.27 
 
 Form of Additional Common Stock Purchase Warrant, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 4.28 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2022. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated October 28, 2004, by and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004. 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated October 28, 2004, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2004. 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated August 10, 2006, by and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2006. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated August 10, 2006, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 12, 2006. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Amendment dated May 31, 2005 to the License agreement dated December 22, 2000 between the Company and eCom Asia Pacific, Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Form 10-K/A filed on September 15, 2005. 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 2007, by and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2007. 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated February 5, 2007, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2007. 
 
 10.38 
 
 Amendment to the Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated February 5, 2007, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2007. 
 
 10.39 
 
 Form of Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated June 15, 2007, by and among the Company and the Purchasers identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2007. 
 
 10.40 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated June 15, 2007, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2007. 
 
 10.41 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase and Registration Rights Agreement dated August 24, 2007, by and among the Company and Phoenix Venture Fund LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on August 27, 2007. 

34 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Document 
 
 10.42 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated January 9, 2008 between the Company and GS Meyer Associates LLC - Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 12, 2007. 
 
 10.43 
 
 Credit Agreement dated June 5, 2008, by and among the Company and the Lenders Party Hereto and SG Phoenix as Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 10.44 
 
 Pledge and Security Agreement dated June 5, 2008, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated June 5, 2008, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2008. 
 
 10.46 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated May 28, 2009, by and among the Company, the Lenders and Additional Lenders Parties Hereto and SG Phoenix as Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 10.47 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement dated May 28, 2009, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 10.48 
 
 Salary Reduction Plan for Executive Officers of Communication Intelligence Corporation under Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated May 28, 2009, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2009. 
 
 10.53 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated July 22, 2010, by and among the Company, the Lenders and Additional Lenders Parties Hereto and SG Phoenix as Collateral Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.53 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 10.54 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Registration Rights Agreement dated July 22, 2010, by and among the Company and the parties identified therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.54 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 10.55 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated August 5, 2010, by and among the Company and the Persons Executing the Agreement as Investors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 10.56 
 
 Investor Rights Agreement dated August 5, 2010, by and among the Company and Phoenix Venture Fund LLC, SG Phoenix LLC, Michael Engmann, Ronald Goodman, Kendu Partners Company and MDNH Partners L.P., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 12, 2010. 
 
 10.57 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated December 9, 2010, by and among the Company, Phoenix Venture Fund LLC, and the Investors signatory thereto, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2010. 
 
 10.58 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated December 31, 2010, by and among the Company and the Persons Executing the Agreement as Investors, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2011. 
 
 10.59 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated March 31, 2011, by and among the Company and the Person Executing the Agreement as Subscribers, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2011. 
 
 10.60 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Registration Rights Agreement dated March 31, 2011, by and among the Company and the Persons Executing the Agreement as Required Holders, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2011. 
 
 10.61 
 
 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated September 20, 2011, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2011. 

35 

Exhibit 
 Number 

Document 
 
 10.62 
 
 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated December 2, 2011, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2012. 
 
 10.63 
 
 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated April 23, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2012. 
 
 10.64 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated September 14, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012. 
 
 10.65 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note dated September 14, 2012, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012. 
 
 10.66 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated May 17, 2013, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2013. 
 
 10.67 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated December 31, 2013, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2014. 
 
 10.68 
 
 Credit Agreement with Venture Champion Asia Limited dated May 6, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2014. 
 
 10.69 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated August 5, 2014, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.69 to the Company s Form 10-K filed March 31, 2015. 
 
 10.70 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated March 24, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.70 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 15, 2015. 
 
 10.71 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement dated July 23, 2015, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 16, 2015. 
 
 10.72 
 
 Note and Warrant Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.72 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2017. 
 
 10.73 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note dated November 3, 2016, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2017. 
 
 10.74 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated May 23, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2017. 
 
 10.75 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated May 23, 2017, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 14, 2017. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2004. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Schedule of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certificate of Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 USC Section 1750, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 USC Section 1750, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema
 Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

Confidential treatment of certain portions of this exhibit have been requested from the SEC pursuant to
a request for confidentiality dated March 30, 1999, filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

Confidential treatment of certain portions of this exhibit have been requested from the SEC pursuant
 to a request for confidentiality dated March 30, 2006 filed pursuant to the Exchange Act. 

The exhibits listed above are filed
as part of this Form 10-K other than Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2, which shall be deemed furnished. 

(c) Financial
Statement Schedules 

All financial statement
schedules are omitted because the information is inapplicable or presented in the notes to the financial statements. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Redwood Shores, State of California. 

iSign Solutions
Inc. 

By: 
 /s/ Michael
 Engmann 

Michael Engmann 

(Principal Financial Officer and Officer Duly Authorized to Sign on Behalf of the Registrant) 

Date: March 31, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Registrant and in the
capacities indicated on March 31, 2023. 

Date 
 
 Signature 
 
 Title 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Philip S. Sassower 
 
 Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Philip S. Sassower 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael Engmann 
 
 Co-Chairman, Chief Operating Officer, and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Michael Engmann 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Andrea Goren 
 
 Director 

Andrea Goren 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Francis J. Elenio 
 
 Director 

Francis J. Elenio 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Stanly Gilbert 
 
 Director 

Stanley Gilbert 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jeffrey Holtmeier 
 
 Director 

Jeffrey Holtmeier 

March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ David Welch 
 
 Director 

David Welch 

37 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Shareholders of iSign Solutions, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of iSign Solutions, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the years then ended and the related notes to the
consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of
the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered net losses from operations since inception and has an accumulated deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 1. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Transactions and Recognition 

Auditing the Company s
treatment of revenue required significant judgment regarding the application of ASC 606 revenue recognition criteria. 

Auditing management s evaluation
of agreements with customers involves significant judgment, given the fact that contracts require management s evaluation and application
of ASC 606 such as allocating the standalone transactions prices of the company s performance obligations to contracts with customers.

To evaluate the appropriateness
and accuracy of the assessment by management, we evaluated management s assessment in relationship to the relevant agreements. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 1 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(In thousands, except par value amounts) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance of and at December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Short term debt related party 

Short-term debt other 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt other 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021, 

Treasury shares, at December 31, 2022and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 2 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Product 

Maintenance 

Total revenue 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of sales: 

Product 

Maintenance 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating costs and expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income, net 

Interest expense: 

Related party 

Other 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per common share

Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 3 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

(In thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net loss: 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax 

Total comprehensive loss 

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 4 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders 
Deficit 

(In thousands) 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulative 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance December 31, 2020 

Stock based compensation 

Settlement of deferred salary 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Stock based compensation 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 5 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(In thousands) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Forgiveness of debt related to Paycheck Protection Program plus accrued interest 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Other accrued liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt related party 

Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt other 

Proceeds from advances on accounts receivable related party 

Payment of advances on accounts receivable related party 

Payment of advances on accounts receivable other 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 6 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 

(In thousands) 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow
information: 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Accounts receivable advance converted to convertible note 

Non-cash financing and investing transactions 

Long-term deferred compensation settled for Common Stock 

See accompanying notes to these Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 7 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

. The Company has
primarily met its working capital needs through the sale of debt and equity securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s cash
balance was . These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

F- 8 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

F- 9 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

F- 10 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives, not to exceed the term of the related
lease. The cost of additions and improvements is capitalized while maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 11 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

of revenue that was included in deferred revenue at the beginning
of the period. 

F- 12 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

F- 13 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Common Stock subject to outstanding warrants 

Common stock subject to outstanding convertible debt plus accrued interest 

F- 14 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Customer #2 

Customer #3 

Customer #4 

Total concentration 

Sales outside of the United States 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

F- 15 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Delaware Franchise tax 

Other 

Total 

Other long term liabilities 

Total 

Short-term debt other 

in cash. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum.
Principal and interest due shall be paid in full on demand, following ten (10) calendar day prior written notices starting on March 15,
2022. These notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty, premium or other consideration by giving at least five
(5) business day prior written notice to the Holder. 

and , respectively, of accounts receivable advances from related parties along with of accrued advance
fees. In addition, during February 2022, the Company repaid of demand notes to an unrelated party along with of accrued fees. 

in cash against certain accounts receivable of the Company. Upon collection of
an invoice, the Company agreed to repay the advance to the lenders on a pro rata basis together with a advance fee. 

F- 16 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

in unsecured notes, to related parties and to other investors. The Company received in
cash and in exchange for an account receivable advance, received in the prior year, from related parties, and in cash from other
investors. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing
a new financing of at least in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per
share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

plus accrued interest of of a note entered into associated with a settlement agreement
dated July 1, 2020, with one of its vendors. The remaining plus interest at the rate of per annum is due in two installments, June
of 2022 and June of 2023. 

in other income on the Statement of Operations related to the forgiveness of the debt plus
accrued interest. 

of other
income on the Statement of Operations related to the forgiveness of the debt plus accrued interest. 

in cash. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum and
is due upon demand following ten calendar days prior written notice starting on January 1, 2022. 

in cash and issued two notes in the amount of each to a related and an unrelated party. The notes bear interest at the
rate of per annum and are due upon demand following ten calendar days prior written notice starting on March 29, 2022. 

in
cash and issued a note aggregating to a related party. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum and is due upon demand
following ten calendar days prior written notice starting on March 29, 2022. 

in cash. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum.
Principal and interest due shall be paid in full on demand, following ten (10) calendar day prior written notices starting on March 15,
2022. These notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time without penalty, premium or other consideration by giving at least five
(5) business day prior written notice to the Holder. The notes were repaid in full plus of accrued interest in February 2022. 

plus accrued interest of of a note entered into associated with a settlement agreement
dated July 1, 2020, with one of its vendors. The remaining plus interest at the rate of per annum is due in June of 2023. 

in unsecured convertible notes, to related parties and to other investors. The unsecured
notes are convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least
 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share
of the new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

F- 17 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

in unsecured convertible notes to other investors. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder
into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least in aggregate proceeds, the
Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes
bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

in unsecured convertible notes, to related parties and to other investors. The unsecured
notes are convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least
 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share
of the new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

in unsecured convertible notes, to related parties and to other investors. The unsecured
notes are convertible by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least
 in aggregate proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share
of the new financing. The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

of interest expense, associated with the notes, of which was to related
parties and was to other investors. And for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company accrued of interest expense,
 associated with the notes, of which was to related parties and was to other investors. 

in debt discount amortization for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, related to the above debt financings . 

Option vesting period 

Date adopted by shareholders 

Option term 
 
 Years 
 
 Options outstanding 

Options exercisable 

Weighted average exercise price 

F- 18 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Expected life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Expected dividends 

Estimated average forfeiture rate 

Director options and consultants 

Stock-based compensation expense included in operating expenses 

of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. The unrecognized compensation
cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Granted 

Forfeited/ Cancelled 

Outstanding at period end 

Options vested and exercisable at period end 

Weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the period 

F- 19 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

0.51 1.00 

1.01 25.00 

Granted 

Canceled/Forfeited 

Vested 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

of accrued compensation owed to SG Phoenix in equal parts to
Mr. Sassower and Mr. Goren, according to their respective ownership in SG Phoenix. Mr. Sassower settled of Accrued Long -term
deferred salary allocated to him into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share, which was substantially
above the then current market price of the company s common stock. 

shares of Common Stock. The Common Stock was valued at . 

F- 20 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding at end of period 

Exercisable at end of period 

shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding options and warrants. 

of the Common Stock of the Company when calculated in accordance with Rule 13d-3 

F- 21 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

in cash against certain accounts receivable of the Company. Upon collection of
an invoice, the Company agreed to repay the advance to the lenders on a pro rata basis together with a advance fee. The Company accrued
 in advance fees recorded as interest expense on the Statement of Operations. 

of Accounts Receivable Advances and in accrued but unpaid advance fees to an affiliate. In addition, the Company repaid
to another affiliate of Accounts Receivable Advances and in accrued but unpaid advance fees. 

of accrued compensation owed to SG Phoenix in equal parts to Mr.
Sassower and Mr. Goren, according to their respective ownership in SG Phoenix. Mr. Sassower settled of Accrued Long-term deferred
salary allocated to him into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a price of per share, which was substantially
above the then current market price of the company s common stock. 

in cash from an affiliate as an advance against certain accounts receivable. The company accrued a advance fee and recorded
 as interest expense during the three months ended September 30, 2021. Upon collection of the accounts receivable the Company will
repay the advance plus the fee. 

and , respectively in cash from an affiliate as advances against certain accounts receivable. The company
accrued a advance fees in August and September 2021, and recorded as interest expense during the three months ended September 30,
2021. Upon collection of the accounts receivable the Company will repay the advances plus the fee. 

in Accounts Receivable Advances and in accrued but unpaid advance fees to two related parties. 

in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2022. 

in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. The unsecured notes are convertible by the holder into common
stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least in aggregate proceeds, the Company can
force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share of the new financing. The notes bear interest
at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

in unsecured convertible notes to related parties. and to other investors. The unsecured notes are convertible
by the holder into common stock at any time at a price per share of . Upon closing a new financing of at least in aggregate
proceeds, the Company can force conversion at a price equal to the lesser of per share or the price per share of the new financing.
The notes bear interest at the rate of per annum and are due December 31, 2023. 

F- 22 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

square feet of office space in
 San Jose California. The office space is on a month-to-month rental basis and can be surrendered at any time without penalty. Office
rent expense was approximately and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

for federal income tax purposes which will begin to expire in 2022 if
unused. The Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state income tax purposes of approximately . These state net
operating losses carryforwards will begin to expire in the year if unused. 

Accruals and reserves 

Deferred revenue 

Intangibles 

Other, net 

Fixed assets 

Gross tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Realizable deferred tax asset 

F- 23 

iSign Solutions Inc. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(In thousands except per share amounts) 

State income tax benefit 

NOL expiration 

Prior year true-ups 

Permanent items and other 

Tax cuts and Jobs Act Rate Change 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

in cash against certain accounts receivable of the
Company. Upon collection of an invoice, the Company agreed to repay the advance to the lenders on a pro rata basis together with a
 advance fee. 

F-24 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_isignsol.htm
 SCHEDULE OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

iSign Solutions, Inc. 

 Schedule of Subsidiaries 

CIC Acquisition Corp. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_isignsol.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Philip S. Sassower, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of iSign Solutions
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Philip S. Sassower 

Co-Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_isignsol.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Engmann, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of iSign Solutions
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Michael Engmann 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_isignsol.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Philip S. Sassower, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of iSign Solutions Inc. on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of iSign Solutions Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Philip S. Sassower 

Co-Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to iSign Solutions Inc. and will be retained by iSign Solutions Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by iSign
Solutions Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that iSign Solutions Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_isignsol.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Engmann, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of iSign Solutions Inc. on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of iSign Solutions Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Michael Engmann 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to iSign Solutions Inc. and will be retained by iSign Solutions Inc. and furnished
to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by iSign
Solutions Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such
certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the
Exchange Act, except to the extent that iSign Solutions Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 isgn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 isgn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 isgn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 isgn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 isgn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

