<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230207_10-K_edgar_data_1287750_0001287750-23-000010.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>100634417</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>830724</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>6057798</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>33536530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>21626460</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>37673956</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001287750-23-000010.hdr.sgml : 20230207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230207062412
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001287750-23-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ARES CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001287750
		IRS NUMBER:				331089684
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00663
		FILM NUMBER:		23592708

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 44TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127507300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE, 44TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001287750-23-000010.txt : 20230207

10-K
 1
 arcc-20221231.htm
 10-K

arcc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____ to _____ Commission File No. 
 
 __________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, based on the closing price on that date of 17.93 on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, was approximately . As of February 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I. 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 24 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 
 Item 2. Properties 
 49 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 50 
 Part II. 
 Item 5. Market or Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 63 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 64 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 95 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 97 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 97 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 99 
 Part III. 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 100 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 100 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 100 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 100 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 100 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 101 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 
 Signatures 

2 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Ares Capital Corporation 
 
 Ares Capital Corporation, a Maryland corporation (together with its subsidiaries, where applicable, Ares Capital or the Company, which may also be referred to as we, us or our ), is a specialty finance company that is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act. We were founded on April 16, 2004, were initially funded on June 23, 2004 and completed our initial public offering IPO on October 8, 2004. As of December 31, 2022, we were the largest publicly traded BDC by market capitalization in the United States with approximately 22.4 billion of total assets. 
 
 We are externally managed by Ares Capital Management LLC Ares Capital Management or our investment adviser ), a subsidiary of Ares Management Corporation (NYSE:ARES) Ares Management or Ares ), a publicly traded, leading global alternative investment manager, pursuant to our investment advisory and management agreement. Ares Operations LLC Ares Operations or our administrator ), a subsidiary of Ares Management, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate. 
 
 3 

Ares Management Corporation 
 
 Ares is a publicly traded, leading global alternative investment manager. As of December 31, 2022, Ares had over 2,550 employees in over 30 offices in more than 15 countries. Since its inception in 1997, Ares has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles. Ares believes each of its distinct but complementary investment groups in credit, private equity, real estate, secondary solutions and strategic initiatives is a market leader based on assets under management and investment performance. Ares was built upon the fundamental principle that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole. 
 
 Ares Capital Management LLC 
 
 Ares Capital Management, our investment adviser, is served by an origination, investment and portfolio management team of approximately 150 U.S.-based investment professionals as of December 31, 2022 and led by certain partners of the Ares Credit Group: Kipp deVeer, Mitchell Goldstein and Michael Smith. Ares Capital Management leverages off of Ares investment platform and benefits from the significant capital markets, trading and research expertise of Ares investment professionals. Ares Capital Management s investment committee has nine members primarily comprised of certain of the U.S.-based partners of the Ares Credit Group. 
 
 MARKET OPPORTUNITY 
 
 We believe that current market conditions present attractive opportunities for us to invest in middle-market companies, specifically: 
 
 We believe that many commercial and investment banks have de-emphasized their service and product offerings to middle-market businesses in favor of lending to large corporate clients and managing capital markets transactions. In addition, these lenders may be constrained in their ability to underwrite and hold bank loans and high yield securities for middle-market issuers as they seek to meet existing and future regulatory capital requirements. These factors may result in opportunities for alternative funding sources to middle-market companies and therefore more new-issue market opportunities for us. 
 
 We believe the disruption and volatility that occurs periodically in the credit markets reduces capital available to certain capital providers, causing a reduction in competition. Furthermore, in our view, the stable capital solutions provided by direct lenders is increasingly valuable and, as a result, widens the market opportunity for direct lending. 
 
 We believe that there is a lack of market participants that are willing to hold meaningful amounts of certain middle-market loans. As a result, we believe our ability to minimize syndication risk for a company seeking financing by being able to hold our loans without having to syndicate or sell them is a competitive advantage. 
 
 We believe that middle-market companies have faced difficulty in raising debt through the capital markets. This approach to financing may become more difficult to the extent institutional investors seek to invest in larger, more liquid offerings, leaving less competition and fewer financing alternatives for middle-market companies. 
 
 We believe there is a large pool of un-invested private equity capital for middle-market businesses. We expect private equity firms will seek to leverage their investments by combining equity capital with senior secured loans and subordinated debt from other sources such as us. 
 4 

We believe the middle-market represents a significant portion of the overall economy, and exhibits healthy demand for capital. In addition, due to the fragmented nature of the middle-market and the lack of publicly available information, we believe direct lenders have an opportunity to originate and underwrite investments with more favorable terms, including stronger covenant and reporting packages, as well as better call protection and change of control provisions as compared to the large, broadly syndicated loan market. 
 
 COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES 
 
 We believe that we have the following competitive advantages over other capital providers to middle-market companies: 
 
 The Ares Platform 
 
 Ares operates integrated groups across credit, private equity, real assets, secondaries and strategic initiatives. We believe our affiliation with Ares provides a distinct competitive advantage through Ares originations, due diligence and marketing activities. In particular, we believe that the Ares platform provides us with an advantage through its deal flow generation and investment evaluation process. Ares asset management platform also provides additional market information, company knowledge and industry insight that benefit our investment and due diligence process. Ares professionals maintain extensive financial sponsor and intermediary relationships, which provide valuable insight and access to transactions and information. 
 
 Seasoned Investment Team 
 
 The investment professionals in the Ares Credit Group and members of our investment adviser s investment committee have significant experience investing across market cycles. This experience provides us with a competitive advantage in identifying, originating, investing in and managing a portfolio of investments in middle-market companies. 
 
 Broad Origination Strategy 
 
 We focus on self-originating most of our investments by pursuing a broad array of investment opportunities in middle-market companies. We also leverage off of the extensive relationships of the broader Ares platform, including relationships with the portfolio companies in the IHAM Vehicles (as defined below), to identify investment opportunities. Additionally, our size and scale provide the opportunity to source attractive investments in some of our existing portfolio companies. Collectively, we believe these advantages allow for enhanced asset selectivity as we believe there is a significant relationship between proprietary deal origination and credit performance. We believe that this allows for asset selectivity and that there is a significant relationship between proprietary deal origination and credit performance. We believe that our focus on generating proprietary deal flow and lead investing also gives us greater control over capital structure, deal terms, pricing and documentation and enables us to actively manage our portfolio investments. Moreover, by leading the investment process, we are often able to secure controlling positions in credit tranches, thereby providing additional control in investment outcomes. We also have originated substantial proprietary deal flow from middle-market intermediaries, which often allows us to act as the sole or principal source of institutional capital to the borrower. 
 
 Scale and Flexible Transaction Structuring 
 
 We believe that being one of the largest BDCs makes us a more desirable and flexible capital provider, especially in competitive markets. We are flexible with the types of investments we make and the terms associated with those investments. We believe this approach and experience enables our investment adviser to identify attractive investment opportunities throughout economic cycles and across a company s capital structure so we can make investments consistent with our stated investment objective and preserve principal while seeking appropriate risk adjusted returns. In addition, we have the flexibility to provide one stop financing with the ability to invest capital across the balance sheet and syndicate and hold larger investments than many of our competitors. We believe that the ability to underwrite, syndicate and hold larger investments benefits our stockholders by (a) potentially increasing net income and earnings through leadership of the investment process and making commitments in excess of our final investment, (b) increasing originated deal flow flexibility, (c) broadening market relationships and deal flow, (d) allowing us to optimize our portfolio composition and (e) allowing us to provide capital to a broader spectrum of middle-market companies, which we believe currently have limited access to capital from traditional lending sources. In addition, we believe that the ability to provide capital at every level of the balance sheet provides a strong value proposition to middle-market borrowers which supports meaningful deal sourcing and relative value analysis capabilities. 
 
 5 

Experience with and Focus on Middle-Market Companies 
 
 Ares has historically focused on investments in middle-market companies and we benefit from this experience. In sourcing and analyzing deals, our investment adviser benefits from Ares extensive network of relationships focused on middle-market companies, including management teams, members of the investment banking community, private equity groups and other investment firms with whom Ares has had long-term relationships. We believe this network enables us to identify well-positioned prospective portfolio company investments. The Ares Credit Group works closely with Ares other investment professionals. As of December 31, 2022, Ares oversaw a portfolio of investments in over 1,750 companies, over 1,100 alternative credit investments and over 510 properties across over 55 industries, which provides access to an extensive network of relationships and insights into industry trends and the state of the capital markets. 
 
 Disciplined Investment Philosophy 
 
 In making its investment decisions, our investment adviser has adopted Ares long-standing, consistent, credit-based investment approach that was developed over 25 years ago by its founders. Specifically, our investment adviser s investment philosophy, portfolio construction and portfolio management involve an assessment of the overall macroeconomic environment and financial markets and company-specific research and analysis. Its investment approach emphasizes capital preservation, low volatility and minimization of downside risk. In addition to engaging in extensive due diligence from the perspective of a long-term investor, our investment adviser s approach seeks to reduce risk in investments by focusing on: 
 
 businesses with strong franchises and sustainable competitive advantages; 
 
 industries with positive long-term dynamics; 
 
 businesses and industries with cash flows that are dependable and predictable; 
 
 management teams with demonstrated track records and appropriate economic incentives; 
 
 rates of return commensurate with the perceived risks; 
 
 securities or investments that are structured with appropriate terms and covenants; and 
 
 businesses backed by experienced private equity sponsors. 
 
 Extensive Industry Focus 
 
 We seek to concentrate our investing activities in industries with a history of predictable and dependable cash flows and in which the Ares investment professionals have had extensive investment experience. Ares investment professionals have developed long-term relationships with management teams and management consultants in over 55 industries, and have accumulated substantial information and identified potential trends within these industries. In turn, we benefit from these relationships, information and identification of potential trends in making investments. 
 
 OPERATING AND REGULATORY STRUCTURE 
 
 Our investment activities are managed by our investment adviser and supervised by our board of directors, a majority of whom are independent of Ares and its affiliates. Our investment adviser is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or the Advisers Act. Under our Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement with Ares Capital Management, referred to herein as our investment advisory and management agreement, we have agreed to pay our investment adviser base management fees based on our total assets, as defined under the Investment Company Act (other than cash and cash equivalents, but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) base management fees ), fees based on our net investment income income based fees and fees based on our net capital gains capital gains incentive fees ). See Investment Advisory and Management Agreement. Ares Operations provides us with certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate pursuant to an Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, referred to herein as our administration agreement. See Administration Agreement. 
 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, we are required to comply with certain substantive regulatory requirements. For example, we are not generally permitted to co-invest in any portfolio company in which a fund managed by 
 6 

Ares or any of its downstream affiliates (other than us and our downstream affiliates) is also co-investing. We, our investment adviser and certain of our affiliates have received an order from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC that permits us and other BDCs and registered closed-end management investment companies managed by Ares to co-invest in portfolio companies with each other and with affiliated investment funds (the Co-Investment Exemptive Order ). Co-investments made under the Co-Investment Exemptive Order are subject to compliance with certain conditions and other requirements, which could limit our ability to participate in a co-investment transaction. We may also otherwise co-invest with funds managed by Ares or any of its downstream affiliates, subject to compliance with an existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. 
 
 Also, while we may borrow funds to make investments, our ability to use debt is limited in certain significant aspects. See Regulation. In particular, because we obtained the required approvals under Section 61(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act, we must have at least 150 asset coverage calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act in order to incur debt or issue preferred stock (which we refer to collectively as senior securities (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our asset coverage was . 
 
 In addition, as a consequence of our being a RIC under the Code, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our asset growth is dependent on our ability to raise equity capital through the issuance of common stock. RICs generally must distribute substantially all of their investment company taxable income (as defined under the Code) to stockholders as dividends in order to preserve their status as a RIC and not to be subject to additional U.S. federal corporate-level income taxes. This requirement, in turn, generally prevents us from using our earnings to support our operations, including making new investments. 
 
 INVESTMENTS 
 
 Ares Capital Corporation Portfolio 
 
 We have built an investment portfolio of primarily first and second lien senior secured loans, subordinated debt, preferred equity and, to a lesser extent, common equity investments in private middle-market companies. Our portfolio is well diversified by industry sector and its concentration to any single issuer is limited. 
 
 Our debt investments in corporate borrowers generally range between 30 million and 500 million each. However, the sizes of our investments may be more or less than these ranges and may vary based on, among other things, our capital availability, the composition of our portfolio and general micro- and macro-economic factors. 
 
 Our common equity investments have generally been non-control equity investments of less than 20 million (usually in conjunction with a concurrent debt investment). However, we may increase the size or change the nature of these investments. 
 
 The proportion of these types of investments will change over time given our views on, among other things, the economic and credit environment in which we are operating. In pursuit of our investment objective we generally seek to self-originate investments and lead the investment process, which may result in us making commitments with respect to indebtedness or securities of a potential portfolio company in excess of our expected final hold size. In such situations, while we may initially agree to fund up to a certain dollar amount of an investment, we may subsequently syndicate or sell a portion of such amount (including, without limitation, to vehicles managed by our portfolio company, IHAM), such that we are left with a smaller investment than what was reflected in our original commitment. In addition to originating investments, we may also acquire investments in the secondary market (including purchases of a portfolio of investments). 
 
 We make senior secured loans primarily in the form of first lien loans (including unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first lien position) and second lien loans. Our senior secured loans generally have terms of three to 10 years and our subordinated debt investments generally have a term of up to 10 years. However, we may invest in loans and securities with any maturity or duration. In connection with our senior secured loans, we generally receive a security interest in certain of the assets of the borrower and consequently such assets serve as collateral in support of the repayment of such senior secured loans. Senior secured loans are generally exposed to the least amount of credit risk because they typically hold a senior position with respect to scheduled interest and principal payments and security interests in assets of the borrower. In connection with our senior secured loans, we may be provided opportunities to invest in equity interests of the borrower, typically in the form of an equity co-investment. However, unlike subordinated debt, senior 
 7 

secured loans typically do not receive any stock, warrants to purchase stock or other yield enhancements. Senior secured loans may include both revolving lines of credit and term loans. 
 
 Structurally, subordinated debt usually ranks junior in priority of payment to senior secured loans and is often unsecured. However, subordinated debt ranks senior to preferred and common equity in a borrower s capital structure. Subordinated debt investments generally offer lenders fixed returns in the form of interest payments and will often provide lenders an opportunity to participate in the capital appreciation of a borrower, if any, through an equity interest. This equity interest typically takes the form of preferred equity, an equity co-investment and/or warrants. The preferred equity, equity co-investment and warrants (if any) associated with a subordinated debt investment typically allow lenders to receive repayment of their debt principal on an agreed upon amortization schedule or at maturity while retaining their equity interest in the borrower. Equity issued in connection with subordinated debt also may include a put feature, which permits the holder to sell its equity interest back to the borrower at a price determined through an agreed formula. 
 
 In making an equity investment, in addition to considering the factors discussed under Investment Selection below, we also consider the anticipated timing of a liquidity event, such as a public offering, sale of the company or redemption of our equity securities. 
 
 While our primary focus is to generate current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments in eligible portfolio companies, we also may invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-qualifying assets, as permitted by the Investment Company Act. See Regulation. Specifically, as part of this 30 basket, we may invest in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the Investment Company Act), including companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under the Investment Company Act, and publicly traded entities whose public equity market capitalization exceeds the levels provided for under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Senior Direct Lending Program 
 
 We have established a joint venture with Varagon Capital Partners Varagon to make certain first lien senior secured loans, including certain stretch senior and unitranche loans, primarily to U.S. middle-market companies. Varagon was formed in 2013 as a lending platform by American International Group, Inc. and other partners. The joint venture is called the Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC (d/b/a the Senior Direct Lending Program or the SDLP ). In July 2016, we and Varagon and its clients completed the initial funding of the SDLP. The SDLP may generally commit and hold individual loans of up to 450 million. We may directly co invest with the SDLP to accommodate larger transactions. The SDLP is capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the SDLP must be approved by an investment committee of the SDLP consisting of representatives of ours and Varagon (with approval from a representative of each required). 
 
 We provide capital to the SDLP in the form of subordinated certificates (the SDLP Certificates ), and Varagon and its clients provide capital to the SDLP in the form of senior notes, intermediate funding notes and SDLP Certificates. As of December 31, 2022, we and a client of Varagon owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the outstanding SDLP Certificates. The SDLP Certificates pay a coupon equal to London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus a stated spread and also entitle the holders thereof to receive a portion of the excess cash flow from the loan portfolio, which may result in a return to the holders of the SDLP Certificates that is greater than the stated coupon. The SDLP Certificates are junior in right of payment to the senior notes and intermediate funding notes. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we and Varagon and its clients had agreed to make capital available to the SDLP of 6.2 billion in the aggregate, of which 1.4 billion is to be made available from us. We will continue to provide capital to the SDLP in the form of SDLP Certificates, and Varagon and its clients will provide capital to the SDLP in the form of senior notes, intermediate funding notes and SDLP Certificates. This capital will only be committed to the SDLP upon approval of transactions by the investment committee of the SDLP as discussed above. 
 
 For more information on the SDLP, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio and Investment Activity Senior Direct Lending Program and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 8 

Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our portfolio company, Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. IHAM ), an asset management services company and an SEC-registered investment adviser, managed vehicles and served as the sub-manager/sub-servicer for one other vehicle (such vehicles are collectively referred to as the IHAM Vehicles ). As of December 31, 2022, IHAM had assets under management of approximately billion. As of December 31, 2022, the amortized cost and fair value of our investment in IHAM was 2.0 billion and 2.2 billion, respectively. In connection with IHAM s registration as a registered investment adviser, on March 30, 2012, we received exemptive relief from the SEC allowing us to, subject to certain conditions, own directly or indirectly up to 100 of IHAM s outstanding equity interests and make additional investments in IHAM. From time to time, IHAM or certain IHAM Vehicles may purchase investments from us or sell investments to us, in each case for a price equal to the fair market value of such investments determined at the time of such transactions. 
 
 For more information on IHAM, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio and Investment Activity Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Industry Composition 
 
 We generally seek to invest in companies in the industries in which Ares investment professionals have direct expertise. The industries in the table listed below are where we have focused our investing activities; however, we may invest in other industries if we are presented with attractive opportunities. 
 
 The industrial and geographic compositions of our portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 Industry Software Services Diversified Financials(1) Health Care Services Commercial Professional Services Investment Funds and Vehicles(2) Insurance Services Power Generation Consumer Services Consumer Durables Apparel Capital Goods Automobiles Components Media Entertainment Food Beverage Energy Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences Other Total 100.0 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes our investment in IHAM. 
 
 (2) Includes our investment in the SDLP, which had made first lien senior secured loans to different borrowers as of December 31, 2022. The portfolio companies in the SDLP are in industries similar to the companies in our portfolio. 
 
 9 

As of December 31, 2022 Geographic Region West(1) Midwest Southeast Mid-Atlantic Northeast(2) International Total 100.0 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes our investment in the SDLP, which represented of the total investment portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) Includes our investment in IHAM, which represented of the total investment portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, loans on non-accrual status represented of the total investments at amortized cost (or at fair value). 
 
 Since our IPO on October 8, 2004 through December 31, 2022, our exited investments resulted in an asset level realized gross internal rate of return to us of approximately 14 (based on original cash invested, net of syndications, of approximately 39.2 billion and total proceeds from such exited investments of approximately 50.4 billion). Internal rate of return is the discount rate that makes the net present value of all cash flows related to a particular investment equal to zero. Internal rate of return is gross of expenses related to investments as these expenses are not allocable to specific investments. Investments are considered to be exited when the original investment objective has been achieved through the receipt of cash and/or non-cash consideration upon the repayment of a debt investment or sale of an investment or through the determination that no further consideration was collectible and, thus, a loss may have been realized. Approximately 58 of these exited investments resulted in an asset level realized gross internal rate of return to us of 10 or greater. 
 
 Additionally, since our IPO on October 8, 2004 through December 31, 2022, our realized gains have exceeded our realized losses by approximately 1.1 billion (excluding a one-time gain on the acquisition of Allied Capital Corporation Allied Capital in April 2010 (the Allied Acquisition and realized gains/losses from the extinguishment of debt and other assets). For the same time period, our average annualized net realized gain rate was approximately 1.0 (excluding a one-time gain on the Allied Acquisition and realized gains/losses from the extinguishment of debt and other assets). Net realized gain/loss rates for a particular period are the amount of net realized gains/losses during such period divided by the average quarterly investments at amortized cost in such period. 
 
 Information included herein regarding internal rates of return, realized gains and losses and annualized net realized gain rates are historical results relating to our past performance and are not necessarily indicative of future results, the achievement of which cannot be assured. 
 
 INVESTMENT SELECTION 
 
 Ares investment philosophy was developed over 25 years ago and has remained consistent and relevant throughout a number of economic cycles. We are managed using a similar investment philosophy used by the investment professionals of Ares in respect of its other investment funds. 
 
 This investment philosophy involves, among other things: 
 
 an assessment of the overall macroeconomic environment and financial markets and how such assessment may impact industry and asset selection; 
 
 company-specific research and analysis; and 
 
 with respect to each individual company, an emphasis on capital preservation, low volatility and minimization of downside risk. 
 10 

The foundation of Ares investment philosophy is intensive credit investment analysis, a portfolio management discipline based on both market technicals and fundamental value-oriented research, and diversification strategy. Ares also recognizes the importance of considering environmental, social and governance ESG factors in the investment-decision making process in accordance with its ESG policy. We follow a rigorous investment process based on: 
 
 a comprehensive analysis of issuer creditworthiness, including a quantitative and qualitative assessment of the issuer s business; 
 
 an evaluation of management and its economic incentives; 
 
 an analysis of business strategy and industry trends; and 
 
 an in-depth examination of capital structure, financial results and projections. 
 
 We seek to identify those companies exhibiting superior fundamental risk-reward profiles and strong defensible business franchises while focusing on the relative value of the investment across the industry as well as for the specific company. 
 
 Intensive Due Diligence 
 
 The process through which an investment decision is made involves extensive research into the target company, its industry, its growth prospects and its ability to withstand adverse conditions. If the senior investment professional responsible for the potential transaction determines that an investment opportunity should be pursued, we will engage in an intensive due diligence process. Approximately 40-50 of the investments initially reviewed by us proceed to this phase. Though each transaction will involve a somewhat different approach, the regular due diligence steps generally undertaken include: 
 
 meeting with the target company s management team to get a detailed review of the business, and to probe for potential weaknesses in business prospects; 
 
 checking management s backgrounds and references; 
 
 performing a detailed review of historical financial performance, including performance through various economic cycles, and the quality of earnings; 
 
 reviewing both short and long term projections of the business, and sensitizing them for both upside and downside risk; 
 
 visiting headquarters and company operations and meeting with top and middle-level executives; 
 
 contacting customers and vendors to assess both business prospects and standard practices; 
 
 conducting a competitive analysis, and comparing the issuer to its main competitors on an operating, financial, market share and valuation basis; 
 
 researching the industry for historic growth trends and future prospects as well as to identify future exit alternatives (including available Wall Street research, industry association literature and general news); 
 
 assessing asset value and the ability of physical infrastructure and information systems to handle anticipated growth; and 
 
 investigating legal risks and financial and accounting systems. 
 
 Selective Investment Process 
 
 After an investment has been identified and preliminary diligence has been completed, a credit research and analysis report is prepared. This report is reviewed by the senior investment professional in charge of the potential investment. If such senior and other investment professionals are in favor of the potential investment, then it is first presented to the investment committee on a preliminary basis. 
 11 

After the investment committee approves continued work on the potential investment, a more extensive due diligence process is employed by the transaction team. Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys, independent accountants, and other third party consultants and research firms prior to the closing of the investment, as appropriate on a case-by-case basis. Approximately 10-15 of all investments initially reviewed by us will be presented to the investment committee. Approval of an investment for funding requires the approval of the majority of the investment committee of our investment adviser, although unanimous consent is sought. 
 
 Issuance of Formal Commitment 
 
 Once we have determined that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management and/or sponsor of that company and its other capital providers, including senior, junior and equity capital providers, if any, to finalize the structure of the investment. Approximately 3-5 of the investments initially reviewed by us eventually result in the issuance of formal commitments and the closing of such transactions. 
 
 Investments 
 
 We invest in portfolio companies primarily in the form of first lien senior secured loans (including unitranche loans which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first lien position), second lien senior secured loans, subordinated debt and preferred equity. The first and second lien senior secured loans generally have terms of three to 10 years. In connection with our first and second lien senior secured loans, we generally receive security interests in certain assets of our portfolio companies that could serve as collateral in support of the repayment of such loans. First and second lien senior secured loans generally have floating interest rates, which may have interest rate floors, and also may provide for some amortization of principal and excess cash flow payments, with the remaining principal balance due at maturity. 
 
 We structure our subordinated debt investments primarily as unsecured subordinated loans that provide for relatively higher fixed interest rates. The subordinated debt investments generally have terms of up to 10 years. These loans typically have interest-only payments, with amortization of principal, if any, deferred to the later years of the subordinated debt investment. In some cases, we may enter into loans that, by their terms, convert into equity or additional debt or defer payments of interest (or at least cash interest) for the first few years after our investment. Also, in some cases our subordinated debt will be secured by a subordinated lien on some or all of the assets of the borrower. 
 
 In some cases, our debt and preferred equity investments may provide for a portion of the interest or dividends payable to be payment-in-kind PIK ). To the extent interest or dividends are PIK, they will be payable through the increase of the principal amount of the loan or preferred equity by the amount of interest or dividend due on the then-outstanding aggregate principal amount of such loan or preferred equity and is generally collected upon repayment of the outstanding principal or redemption of the equity, as applicable. 
 
 In the case of our first and second lien senior secured loans, subordinated debt and preferred equity investments, we tailor the terms of the investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that aims to protect our rights and manage our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its profitability. For example, in addition to generally seeking a senior position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we will seek, where appropriate, to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 
 targeting a total return on our investments (including from both interest and potential equity appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk; 
 
 incorporating call protection and interest rate floors for floating rate loans into the investment structure; and 
 
 negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with preservation of our capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation rights. 
 
 We generally require financial covenants and terms that require an issuer to reduce leverage, thereby enhancing credit quality. These methods include: (a) maintenance leverage covenants requiring a decreasing ratio of indebtedness to cash flow over time, (b) maintenance cash flow covenants requiring an increasing ratio of cash flow to the sum of interest expense and capital expenditures and (c) indebtedness incurrence prohibitions, limiting a company s ability to take on additional 
 12 

indebtedness. In addition, by including limitations on asset sales and capital expenditures we may be able to prevent a borrower from changing the nature of its business or capitalization without our consent. 
 
 Our subordinated debt investments may include equity features, such as warrants or options to buy a minority interest in the portfolio company. Warrants we receive with our debt investments may require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 
 We believe that our focus on generating proprietary deal flow and lead investing gives us greater control over the capital structures and investment terms described above and enables us to actively manage our investments. Moreover, by leading the investment process, we are often able to secure controlling positions in loan tranches, thereby providing additional control in investment outcomes. 
 
 To a lesser extent, we also make common equity investments, which have generally been non-control equity investments of less than 20 million (usually in conjunction with a concurrent debt investment). However, we may increase the size or change the nature of these investments. 
 
 ACQUISITION OPPORTUNITIES 
 
 We believe that there may be opportunity for further consolidation in our industry. From time to time, we evaluate potential strategic opportunities, including acquisitions of: 
 
 asset portfolios; 
 
 other private and public finance companies, business development companies and asset managers; and 
 
 selected secondary market assets. 
 
 We have been in, and from time to time may engage in, discussions with counterparties in respect of various potential strategic acquisition and investment transactions, including potential acquisitions of other finance companies, business development companies and asset managers. Some of these transactions could be material to our business and, if completed, could be difficult to integrate, result in increased leverage or dilution and/or subject us to unexpected liabilities. However, none of these discussions has progressed to the point at which the completion of any such transaction could be deemed to be probable or reasonably certain as of the date of this Annual Report. Completion of any such transaction would be subject to completion of due diligence, finalization of key business and financial terms (including price) and negotiation of final definitive documentation as well as a number of other factors and conditions including, without limitation, the approval of our board of directors, any required third party consents and, in certain cases, the approval of our stockholders. We cannot predict how quickly the terms of any such transaction could be finalized, if at all. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such transaction would be completed. In connection with evaluating potential strategic acquisition and investment transactions, we may incur significant expenses for the evaluation and due diligence investigation of these potential transactions. 
 
 ON-GOING RELATIONSHIPS WITH AND MONITORING OF PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 
 
 We closely monitor each investment we make, maintain a regular dialogue with both the management team and other stakeholders and seek specifically tailored financial reporting. In addition, senior investment professionals may take board seats or obtain board observation rights in connection with our portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, of our 466 portfolio companies, we were entitled to board seats or board observation rights on 18 of these companies and these companies represented approximately 34 of our portfolio at fair value. 
 
 In addition to covenants and other contractual rights and through board participation, when appropriate, we seek to enhance portfolio company performance post-investment by actively working with management on strategic and operating initiatives where there is an opportunity to do so. We often introduce managers of companies in which we have invested to other portfolio companies to capitalize on complementary business activities and best practices. 
 
 We believe that our focus on generating proprietary deal flow gives us greater control over capital structure and investment terms and lead investing enhances our ability to closely monitor each investment we make. 
 
 13 

Our investment adviser employs an investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our investment adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The grade of a portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. The following is a description of each investment grade: 
 
 Investment grade Description 4 Involves the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit. 3 Involves a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 3. 2 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due. For investments graded 2, our investment adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 1 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 1, most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 1, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. For investments graded 1, our investment adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average grade of our portfolio at fair value was 3.2. For more information on our portfolio investment grades, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio and Investment Activity. 
 
 MANAGERIAL ASSISTANCE 
 
 As a BDC, we must offer, and must provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Ares Operations may provide all or a portion of this assistance pursuant to our administration agreement, the costs of which will be reimbursed by us. We may receive fees for these services. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 
 Our primary competitors include public and private funds, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies, other BDCs and private equity funds, each of which we compete with for financing opportunities. Some of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wide variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the Investment Company Act imposes on us as a BDC. In addition, new competitors frequently enter the financing markets in which we operate. For more information concerning the competitive risks we face, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities. 
 
 We believe that the relationships of the members of our investment adviser s investment committee and of the partners of Ares enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. We believe that Ares professionals deep and long-standing direct sponsor relationships and the resulting proprietary transaction opportunities that these relationships often present, provide valuable insight and access to transactions and information. We use the industry information of Ares investment professionals to which we have access to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. 
 
 14 

STAFFING 
 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. Services necessary for our business are provided by individuals who are employees or affiliates of our investment adviser, Ares Capital Management, and our administrator, Ares Operations, each of which is a subsidiary of Ares Management, pursuant to the terms of our investment advisory and management agreement and our administration agreement, respectively, each as described below. Each of our executive officers is an employee or affiliate of our investment adviser or our administrator. Our day-to-day investment activities are managed by our investment adviser. Most of the services necessary for the origination of our investment portfolio are provided by investment professionals employed by Ares Capital Management. Ares Capital Management had approximately 150 U.S.-based investment professionals as of December 31, 2022 who focus on origination, transaction development, investment and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. See Investment Advisory and Management Agreement below. We reimburse both our investment adviser and our administrator for a certain portion of expenses incurred in connection with such staffing, as described in more detail below. Because we have no employees, Ares Capital does not have a formal employee relations policy. 
 
 INVESTMENT ADVISORY AND MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
 
 Management Services 
 
 Ares Capital Management serves as our investment adviser and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, our investment adviser manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory and management services to, Ares Capital. Under the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement, our investment adviser: 
 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 
 
 identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 
 
 closes and monitors the investments we make; 
 
 determines the investments and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell; 
 
 determines the fair value of debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, subject to the oversight of our board of directors; and 
 
 provides us with such other investment advisory and research and related services as we may from time to time reasonably require. 
 
 Ares Capital Management s services to us under the investment advisory and management agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities. Similarly, our investment adviser or its affiliates may directly or indirectly manage funds or other investment vehicles with investment objectives similar to ours. Accordingly, we may compete with these Ares funds or other investment vehicles managed by our investment adviser and its affiliates for capital and investment opportunities. Ares Capital Management endeavors to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, and in any event consistent with any fiduciary duties owed to Ares Capital. Nevertheless, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds or other investment vehicles managed by our investment adviser or its affiliates. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could impact our investment returns. 
 
 Base Management Fee 
 Pursuant to the investment advisory and management agreement and subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, our investment adviser provides investment advisory and management services to us. For providing these services, our investment adviser receives fees from us consisting of a base management fee, an income based fee and a capital gains incentive fee. 
 Effective June 21, 2019, in connection with our board of directors approval of the modification of the asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities from 200 to 150 , the investment advisory and management agreement was 
 15 

amended to reduce our annual base management fee rate from 1.5 to 1.0 on all assets financed using leverage over 1.0x debt to equity. For all assets financed using leverage up to 1.0x debt to equity, the annual base management fee rate remains at 1.5 . The base management fee is based on the average value of our total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and is calculated by applying the applicable fee rate. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. 
 Income Based Fee 
 The income based fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income, as defined in the investment advisory and management agreement, for the quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the administration agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the income based fee and capital gains incentive fee accrued under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP )). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature such as market discount, debt instruments with PIK interest, preferred stock with PIK dividends and zero coupon securities, accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Our investment adviser is not under any obligation to reimburse us for any part of the income based fees it received that were based on accrued interest that we never actually received. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could impact our investment returns and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We may be obligated to pay our investment adviser certain fees even if we incur a loss. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses, unrealized capital appreciation, unrealized capital depreciation or income tax expense related to realized gains and losses. Because of the structure of the income based fee, it is possible that we may pay such fees in a quarter where we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate for a quarter, we will pay the applicable income based fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and/or unrealized capital losses. 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees payable during the period) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed hurdle rate of 1.75 per quarter. If market credit spreads rise, we may be able to invest our funds in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which may increase our pre-incentive fee net investment income and make it easier for our investment adviser to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an income based fee based on such net investment income. To the extent we have retained pre-incentive fee net investment income that has been used to calculate the income based fee, it is also included in the amount of our total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) used to calculate the base management fee. 
 We pay our investment adviser an income based fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No income based fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 
 100 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 in any calendar quarter. We refer to this portion of our pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide our investment adviser with 20 of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeded 2.1875 in any calendar quarter; and 
 
 20 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 in any calendar quarter. 
 
 16 

The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income based fee: 
 Quarterly Income Based Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income return 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 allocated to income based fee 
 
 These calculations are adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. 
 
 Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 
 The capital gains incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or, upon termination of our investment advisory and management agreement, as of the termination date) and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from October 8, 2004, (the date we completed our IPO). Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investments and foreign currencies, gains and losses on extinguishment of debt and from other assets, as well as any income tax and other expenses related to cumulative aggregate realized gains and losses. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the capital gains incentive fee for such year is equal to 20 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of capital gains incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no capital gains incentive fee for such year. 
 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the valuation of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable capital gains incentive fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are required by GAAP to record an investment at its fair value as of the time of acquisition instead of at the actual amount paid for such investment by us (including, for example, as a result of the application of the asset acquisition method of accounting), then solely for the purposes of calculating the capital gains incentive fee, the accreted or amortized cost basis of an investment shall be an amount (the Contractual Cost Basis equal to (1) (x) the actual amount paid by us for such investment plus (y) any amounts recorded in our financial statements as required by GAAP that are attributable to the accretion of such investment plus (z) any other adjustments made to the cost basis included in our financial statements, including PIK interest or additional amounts funded (net of repayments) minus (2) any amounts recorded in our financial statements as required by GAAP that are attributable to the amortization of such investment, whether such calculated Contractual Cost Basis is higher or lower than the fair value of such investment (as determined in accordance with GAAP) at the time of acquisition. 
 We defer cash payment of any income based fee and the capital gains incentive fee otherwise earned by our investment adviser if during the most recent four full calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made the sum of (a) the aggregate distributions to our stockholders and (b) the change in net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees payable during the period) is less than 7.0 of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness) at the beginning of such period. Any deferred income based fees and capital gains incentive fees are carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such payment is payable under our investment advisory and management agreement. 
 17 

Payment of Our Expenses 
 
 The services of all investment professionals and staff of our investment adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to us and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by our investment adviser. Under the investment advisory and management agreement, we bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, but not limited to, those relating to: organization; calculation of our net asset value (including, but not limited to, the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by our investment adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring our financial and legal affairs and in monitoring our investments (including the cost of consultants hired to develop information technology systems designed to monitor our investments) and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; interest payable on indebtedness, if any, incurred to finance our investments (including payments to third party vendors for financial information services); cost of rating agencies; offerings of our common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees; fees payable to third parties, including agents, attorneys, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating, negotiating with and making investments in portfolio companies, regardless of whether such transactions are ultimately consummated; transfer agent and custodial fees; registration fees; listing fees; taxes; independent directors fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; to the extent we are covered by any joint insurance policies, our allocable portion of the insurance premiums for such policies; direct costs and expenses of administration, including auditor and legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by us or our administrator in connection with administering our business as described in more detail under Administration Agreement below. 
 
 Duration, Termination and Amendment 
 
 At an in-person meeting of our board of directors on May 17, 2022, our board of directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons of the Company as defined in the Investment Company Act, voted to approve the continuation of our investment advisory and management agreement, which extended the terms of the agreement until June 6, 2023. 
 
 Unless terminated earlier, our investment advisory and management agreement will renew for successive annual periods if approved annually by our board of directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, and, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of the Company (as defined in the Investment Company Act). Our investment advisory and management agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment (as defined in the Investment Company Act). The investment advisory and management agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 
 In voting to approve the investment advisory and management agreement, our independent directors consulted in executive session with their independent legal counsel regarding the approval of such agreement. In reaching a decision to approve the investment advisory and management agreement, our board of directors reviewed a significant amount of information and considered, among other things: 
 
 (i) the nature, extent and quality of the services provided to the Company by our investment adviser; 
 
 (ii) the advisory fees paid by the Company under the investment advisory and management agreement as compared to the advisory fees paid by other funds and accounts managed by our investment adviser with similar investment strategies as well as the fees and expenses of comparable BDCs; 
 
 (iii) the long- and short-term investment performance of the Company and our investment adviser; 
 
 (iv) the costs of the services provided by our investment adviser (including the base management fee, the income based fee and the capital gains incentive fee (including the applicable hurdle rates and conditions for the deferral of fee payments) and expense ratios) under the investment advisory and management agreement and comparative data based on publicly available information; 
 
 (v) the potential for, and sharing of, economies of scale in investment management given the directly originated nature of the Company s investment portfolio and resources dedicated by our investment adviser thereto; 
 
 (vi) our investment adviser s pro forma profitability with respect to managing the Company based on financial information provided by our investment adviser; 
 18 

(vii) additional benefits to be derived by our investment adviser and its affiliates as a result of our relationship with our investment adviser; and 
 
 (viii) various other matters, including the alignment of interests of our stockholders. 
 
 In voting to approve the investment advisory and management agreement, our board of directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons, of the Company, made the following conclusions: 
 
 Nature, Extent and Quality of Services. Our board of directors considered the nature, extent and quality of the investment selection process employed by our investment adviser, including the flow of transaction opportunities resulting from Ares Capital Management s investment professionals significant capital markets, trading and research expertise, the employment of Ares Capital Management s investment philosophy, diligence procedures, credit recommendation process, investment structuring, and ongoing relationships with and monitoring of portfolio companies, in light of the investment objective of the Company. Our board of directors also considered our investment adviser s personnel and their prior experience in connection with the types of investments made by us, including such personnel s network of relationships with intermediaries focused on U.S. middle-market companies and other companies in which we may make investments. Our board of directors also considered the benefit and increasing costs of our investment adviser continuing to be able to recruit and retain top talent. In addition, our board of directors considered the other terms and conditions of the investment advisory and management agreement, including that the substantive terms of the investment advisory and management agreement (other than the fees payable thereunder, which our board of directors reviewed separately) are generally the same as those of comparable BDCs described in the available market data and that it would be difficult to obtain similar services of similar quality on a comparable basis from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. In addition, our board of directors considered the fact that we have the ability to terminate the investment advisory and management agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice to our investment adviser. Our board of directors further determined that our investment adviser is served by a dedicated origination, transaction development and investment team of investment professionals, and that these investment professionals have historically focused on investments in U.S. middle-market companies and other companies in which we may make investments, which experience and relationships coincide with our investment objective and generally equal or exceed those of the management teams or investment advisers of other comparable BDCs described in the available market data. 
 
 Investment Performance. Our board of directors reviewed the long-term and short-term investment performance of the Company and our investment adviser, as well as comparative data based on publicly available information with respect to the long-term and short-term investment performance of other externally managed BDCs and their investment advisers. Our board of directors noted the longevity and consistency of the Company s investment performance and determined that our investment adviser was delivering results consistent with the investment objective of the Company and that the Company s investment performance was generally above average when compared to comparable BDCs, including based on one, three and five year time periods. Our board of directors further determined that in light of the performance history of the Company, our investment adviser s extensive experience with our particular investment objectives and policies and our investment adviser s commitment to the Company, our investment adviser was well-positioned to manage our investment performance, including through volatile market conditions caused by supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures, with the approval of the investment advisory and management agreement. 
 
 Costs of the Services Provided to the Company. Our board of directors considered (i) comparative data based on publicly available information with respect to services rendered and the advisory fees (including the base management fee, income based fee and capital gains incentive fee or similar fees (including applicable hurdle rates, other payment conditions and/or fee waivers)) of other BDCs with similar investment objectives, our operating expenses and expense ratios compared to other BDCs of similar size and with similar investment objectives and (ii) the administrative services that our administrator will provide to us at cost. Further, our board of directors considered comparative information with respect to the advisory fees paid by the Company as compared to the advisory fees paid by other funds and accounts managed by our investment adviser with similar investment strategies, and considered the rationale for the differences in fees, including, but not limited to, differences in investment objectives and investment strategies as well as the regulated nature of the Company. 
 
 Economies of Scale. Our board of directors considered information about the potential for our stockholders to experience economies of scale as we grow in size. 
 19 

In view of the wide variety of material factors that our board of directors considered in connection with its evaluation of the investment advisory and management agreement, it is not practical to quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors it considered in reaching its decision. Our board of directors did not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any particular factor, or any aspect of any particular factor, was favorable or unfavorable to the ultimate determination of our board of directors. Rather, our board of directors based its approval on the totality of information presented to, and the investigation conducted by, it. In considering the factors discussed above, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. 
 
 Based on the information reviewed and the factors discussed above, our directors (including those directors who are not interested persons of the Company) concluded that the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement, including the fee rates thereunder, are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the investment advisory and management agreement as being in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 
 Conflicts of interest may arise if our investment adviser seeks to change the terms of our investment advisory and management agreement, including, for example, the amount of the base management fee, the income based fee, the capital gains incentive fee or other compensation terms. Material amendments to our investment advisory and management agreement must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities and by a majority of our independent directors, and we may from time to time decide it is appropriate to seek the requisite approval to change the terms of the agreement. 
 
 Indemnification 
 
 The investment advisory and management agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, our investment adviser, its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other persons affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of our investment adviser s services under the investment advisory and management agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. 
 
 Organization of our Investment Adviser 
 
 Our investment adviser is a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. The principal executive offices of Ares Capital Management are located at 2000 Avenue of the Stars, 12th Floor, Los Angeles, California 90067. 
 
 ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT 
 
 We are also party to an administration agreement, referred to herein as the administration agreement , with our administrator, Ares Operations. Our board of directors approved the continuation of our administration agreement on May 17, 2022, which extended the term of the agreement until June 1, 2023. Pursuant to the administration agreement, Ares Operations furnishes us with office equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at our office facilities. Under the administration agreement, Ares Operations also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Ares Operations assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, assists us in providing managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Payments under the administration agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of Ares Operations overhead and other expenses (including travel expenses) incurred by Ares Operations in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the compensation, rent and other expenses of certain of our officers (including our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, general counsel, secretary, treasurer and assistant treasurer) and their respective staffs. The administration agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred million in administrative fees. As of December 31, 2022, 2 million of the administrative fees were unpaid and included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 20 

Indemnification 
 
 The administration agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, Ares Operations, its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other persons or entities affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Ares Operations services under the administration agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 
 LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 Ares Management LLC, the sole member of Ares Capital Management, has granted us a non exclusive, royalty free license to use the name Ares pursuant to a license agreement. Under this agreement, we will have a right to use the Ares name for so long as Ares Capital Management remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Ares name. 
 
 LEVERAGE 
 
 We may from time to time borrow funds to make investments, a practice known as leverage, to attempt to increase returns to our stockholders. With certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as calculated in accordance with the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). 
 
 The amount of leverage that we employ at any particular time will depend on our investment adviser s and our board of directors assessments of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. As of February 1, 2023, we had 12.1 billion in total aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding under the various debt instruments. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We borrow money, which magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing with us. For more information on our debt, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources as well as Note 5 
 and Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our common stock through cash purchases, as well as retire, cancel or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 REGULATION 
 
 We have elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act and have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. As with other companies regulated by the Investment Company Act, a BDC must adhere to certain substantive regulatory requirements. The Investment Company Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to certain transactions between BDCs and certain affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and certain affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters. Among other things, we generally cannot co-invest in any portfolio company in which a fund managed by Ares or any of its downstream affiliates other than us and our downstream affiliates) is also co-investing. We, our investment adviser and certain of our affiliates have received the Co-Investment Exemptive Order from the SEC that permits us and other BDCs and registered closed-end management investment companies managed by Ares to co-invest in portfolio companies with each other and with affiliated investment funds. Co-investments made under the Co-Investment Exemptive Order are subject to compliance with certain conditions and other requirements, which could limit our ability to participate in co-investment transactions. We may also otherwise co-invest with funds managed by Ares or any of its downstream affiliates, subject to compliance with an existing regulatory guidance, applicable regulations and our allocation procedures. 
 
 The Investment Company Act contains certain restrictions on certain types of investments we may make. Specifically, we may only invest up to 30 of our portfolio in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the Investment Company Act), including companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under the Investment Company Act, and publicly traded entities whose public equity market capitalization exceeds the levels provided for under the Investment Company Act. 
 21 

The Investment Company Act also requires that a majority of our directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the Investment Company Act, referred to herein as independent directors. In addition, the Investment Company Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless that change is approved by holders of at least a majority of our outstanding voting securities. Under the Investment Company Act, the vote of holders of at least a majority of outstanding voting securities means the vote of the holders of the lesser of: (a) 67 or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock present at a meeting or represented by proxy if holders of more than 50 of the shares of our common stock are present or represented by proxy or (b) more than 50 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 
 Under the Investment Company Act, we are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value per share of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. Pursuant to approval granted at a special meeting of stockholders held on August 4, 2022, we currently are permitted to sell or otherwise issue shares of our common stock at a price below net asset value, subject to certain limitations and determinations that must be made by our board of directors. Such stockholder approval expires on August 4, 2023. 
 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies. We may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate and currency fluctuations. We may purchase or otherwise receive warrants or options to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financings or other investments. In connection with such an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. 
 
 We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any investment company (as defined in the Investment Company Act), invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate unless certain conditions are met. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. 
 
 We are currently allowed to borrow amounts or issue debt securities or preferred stock, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, such that our asset coverage, as calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150 immediately after such borrowing (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). 
 
 PRIVACY PRINCIPLES 
 
 We endeavor to maintain the privacy of our recordholders and to safeguard their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help our recordholders understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 
 Generally, we will not receive any non-public personal information about recordholders of our common stock, although certain of our recordholders non-public information may become available to us. The non-public personal information that we may receive falls into the following categories: 
 
 information we receive from recordholders, whether we receive it orally, in writing or electronically. This includes recordholders communications to us concerning their investment; 
 
 information about recordholders transactions and history with us; and 
 
 other general information that we may obtain about recordholders, such as demographic and contact information such as address. 
 
 We disclose non-public personal information about recordholders: 
 
 to our affiliates (such as our investment adviser and administrator) and their employees for everyday business purposes; 
 22 

to our service providers (such as our accountants, attorneys, custodians, transfer agent, underwriters and proxy solicitors) and their employees, as is necessary to service recordholder accounts or otherwise provide the applicable service; 
 
 to comply with court orders, subpoenas, lawful discovery requests or other legal or regulatory requirements; or 
 
 as allowed or required by applicable law or regulation. 
 
 When we share non-public recordholder personal information referred to above, the information is made available for limited business purposes and under controlled circumstances designed to protect our recordholders privacy. We do not permit use of recordholder information for any non-business or marketing purpose, nor do we permit third parties to rent, sell, trade or otherwise release or disclose information to any other party. 
 
 Our service providers, such as our investment adviser, administrator and transfer agent, are required to maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect recordholder non-public personal information, to prevent unauthorized access or use and to dispose of such information when it is no longer required. 
 
 Personnel of affiliates may access recordholder information only for business purposes. The degree of access is based on the sensitivity of the information and on personnel need for the information to service a recordholder s account or comply with legal requirements. 
 
 If a recordholder ceases to be a recordholder, we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described above. We may choose to modify our privacy policies at any time. Before we do so, we will notify recordholders and provide a description of our privacy policy. 
 
 In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets, we reserve the right to transfer non-public personal information of holders of our securities to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. 
 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This information is available free of charge by calling us collect at (310) 201-4200 or on our website at www.arescapitalcorp.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report and you should not consider such information to be part of this Annual Report. Such information is also available from the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov . 
 
 23 

Item 1A. 
 
 24 

25 

26 

27 

. Also, to generate cash for funding new investments, we may in the future seek to issue additional debt or to securitize certain of our loans. The Investment Company Act may impose restrictions on the structure of any such securitization. 
 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value per share of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve such sale. Any such sale would be dilutive to the net asset value per share of our common stock. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any commission or discount). If our common stock trades at a discount to net asset value, this restriction could adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 

28 

. We intend to continue borrowing under the Facilities in the future and we may increase the size of the Facilities or issue additional debt securities or other evidences of indebtedness (although there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing so). For more information on our indebtedness, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources. Our ability to service our debt depends largely on our financial performance and is subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. The amount of leverage that we employ at any particular time will depend on our investment adviser s and our board of directors assessments of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We are currently allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage, as calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150 after such borrowing (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). 
 
 The Facilities, the 2024 Convertible Notes and the Unsecured Notes impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that could hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our status as a RIC. A failure to renew the Facilities or to add new or replacement debt facilities or to issue additional debt securities or other evidences of indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 as of December 31, 2022, together with (a) our total value of net assets as of December 31, 2022; (b) approximately 12.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and (c) hypothetical annual returns on our portfolio of minus 15 to plus 15 . 
 
 - - 29.82 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The assumed portfolio return is required by SEC regulations and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. Actual returns may be greater or less than those appearing in the table. Pursuant to SEC regulations, this table is calculated as of December 31, 2022. As a result, it has not been updated to take into account any changes in assets or leverage since December 31, 2022. 
 
 (2) In order to compute the Corresponding Return to Common Stockholders, the Assumed Return on Portfolio is multiplied by the total value of our assets at December 31, 2022 to obtain an assumed return to us. From this amount, the interest expense (calculated by multiplying the weighted average stated interest rate of by the approximately 12.2 billion of principal debt outstanding) is subtracted to determine the return available to stockholders. The return available to stockholders is then divided by the total value of our net assets as of December 31, 2022 to determine the Corresponding Return to Common Stockholders. 

29 

30 

31 

32 

33 

of our total portfolio at fair value. In addition, for the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 10.9 of our total investment income was earned from our investment in IHAM. For more information, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Portfolio and Investment Activity Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 34 

35 

36 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR INVESTMENTS 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

per share, in each case taking into account certain de minimis adjustments that will be made on the conversion date and subject to further adjustment in certain circumstances. If we elect to deliver shares of common stock upon a conversion at the time our tangible book value per share exceeds the conversion price in effect at such time, our stockholders may incur dilution. In addition, our stockholders will experience dilution in their ownership percentage of common stock upon our issuance of common stock in connection with the conversion of the 2024 Convertible Notes and any dividends paid on our common stock will also be paid on shares issued in connection with such conversion after such issuance. 

46 

GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 
 47 

48 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. Our headquarters are currently located at 245 Park Avenue, 44th Floor, New York, New York 10167. We are party to office leases pursuant to which we are leasing office facilities from third parties. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 49 

We are subject to certain legal proceedings, from time to time, in the ordinary course of business. From time to time, we, our executive officers, directors and our investment adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in our portfolio companies and may, as a result, incur significant costs and expenses in connection with such litigation. We and our investment adviser are also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings or investigations against us or our investment adviser, respectively. While the outcome of any such future legal or regulatory proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, neither us nor our investment adviser expect that any such future proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 50 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 ) 0.40 Second Quarter 
 18.16 0.40 Third Quarter 
 18.52 0.41 Fourth Quarter 
 18.96 0.41 Year ended December 31, 2022 First Quarter 
 19.03 0.54 (4) Second Quarter 
 18.81 ) 0.42 Third Quarter 
 18.56 ) 0.43 Fourth Quarter 
 ) 0.48 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Net asset value per share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per share on the date of the high and low closing sales prices. The net asset values shown are based on outstanding shares at the end of the relevant quarter. 
 
 (2) Calculated as the respective high or low closing sales price less net asset value, divided by net asset value (in each case, as of the applicable quarter). 
 
 (3) Represents the dividend or distribution declared in the relevant quarter. 
 (4) Consists of a quarterly dividend of 0.42 per share and additional quarterly dividends totaling 0.12 per share, all of which were declared in the first quarter of 2022 and paid on March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, September 30, 2022 and December 29, 2022. 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the last reported closing sales price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market was 19.68 per share, which represented a premium of approximately 6.96 to the net asset value per share reported by us as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 HOLDERS 
 
 As of February 1, 2023, there were 1,127 holders of record of our common stock (including Cede Co.). 
 51 

DIVIDEND/DISTRIBUTION POLICY 
 
 We currently intend to distribute dividends or make distributions to our stockholders on a quarterly basis out of assets legally available for distribution. We may also distribute additional dividends or make additional distributions to our stockholders from time to time. Our quarterly and additional dividends or distributions, if any, will be determined by our board of directors. 
 
 To maintain our RIC status under the Code, we must timely distribute an amount equal to at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (as defined by the Code, which generally includes net ordinary income and net short term capital gains) to our stockholders. In addition, we generally will be required to pay an excise tax equal to 4 on certain undistributed taxable income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income recognized during a calendar year and (ii) 98.2 of our capital gain net income, as defined by the Code, recognized during a calendar year and (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years. The taxable income on which we pay excise tax is generally distributed to our stockholders in the next tax year. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward such taxable income for distribution in the following year, and pay any applicable excise tax. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded a net excise tax expense of million, 24 million and 17 million, respectively. We cannot assure you that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions. We maintain an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a cash dividend, stockholders cash dividends will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash dividends. See Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 
 
 RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 We did not sell any securities during the period covered by this Annual Report that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a part of our dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders, we purchased shares of our common stock in the open market in order to satisfy the reinvestment portion of our dividends. The following chart outlines such purchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 
 (dollars in millions, except per share data) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 831,320 17.20 November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 Total 831,320 17.20 
 
 52 

Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In February 2022, our board of directors authorized an amendment to our stock repurchase program to extend the expiration date of the program from February 15, 2022 to February 15, 2023. Under the stock repurchase program, we may repurchase up to 500 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our sole discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. The stock repurchase program will be in effect through February 15, 2023, unless extended or until the approved dollar amount has been used to repurchase shares. The stock repurchase program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock or any shares of common stock at all. Consequently, we cannot assure stockholders that any specific number of shares of common stock, if any, will be repurchased under the stock repurchase program. The stock repurchase program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Recent Developments, as well as Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for a subsequent event relating to our stock repurchase program. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no repurchases of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the program was 500 million. 
 53 

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN AMONG ARES CAPITAL 
 CORPORATION, S P 500 INDEX AND S P BDC INDEX 
 
 Total Return Performance 

SOURCE: Bloomberg 
 NOTES: Assumes 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in Ares Capital, the S P 500 Index and the S P BDC Index. Assumes all dividends are reinvested on the respective dividend payment dates without commissions. 
 Dec-17 Dec-18 Dec-19 Dec-20 Dec-21 Dec-22 Ares Capital 100.00 108.79 142.78 143.69 195.68 188.19 S P 500 Index 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P BDC Index 100.00 92.99 119.18 108.64 149.29 135.27 
 
 The SNL US Investment Company Index has been discontinued. As a result, we elected to replace the SNL US Investment Company Index with the S P BDC Index, the S P proposed replacement, for disclosure purposes. 
 
 The stock performance graph and other information above shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 54 

FEES AND EXPENSES 

(1) Offering expenses 
 (2) Dividend reinvestment plan expenses 
 Up to 15 
 Transaction Fee 
 (3) Total stockholder transaction expenses paid 
 (4) Annual expenses (as a percentage of consolidated net assets attributable to common stock)(5): 
 Base management fees 
 (6) Income based fees and capital gains incentive fees 
 (7) Interest payments on borrowed funds 
 (8) Other expenses 
 (9) Acquired fund fees and expenses 
 (10) Total annual expenses 
 (11) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) If shares of our common stock are sold to or through underwriters, the applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the applicable sales load (underwriting discount or commission). Purchases of shares of our common stock on the secondary market are not subject to sales charges but may be subject to brokerage commissions or other charges. The table does not include any sales load that stockholders may have paid in connection with their purchase of shares of our common stock. 
 
 (2) The applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the estimated amount of offering expenses, the offering price and the offering expenses borne by us as a percentage of the offering price. 
 
 (3) 
 
 (4) The applicable prospectus or prospectus supplement will disclose the offering price and the total stockholder transaction expenses as a percentage of the offering price. 
 
 (5) The "consolidated net assets attributable to common stock" used to calculate the percentages in this table is our average net assets of 9.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 (6) 
 
 (7) This item represents our investment adviser s income based fees and capital gains incentive fees based on actual income based fees for the year ended December 31, 2022, and adding the capital gains incentive fee expense accrued 
 55 

56 

(10) 
 
 (11) Total annual expenses as a percentage of consolidated net assets attributable to common stock are higher than the total annual expenses percentage would be for a company that is not leveraged. We borrow money to leverage and increase our total assets. The SEC requires that the Total annual expenses percentage be calculated as a percentage of net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any income based fees or capital gains incentive fees accrued during the period), rather than the total assets, including assets that have been funded with borrowed monies. 
 
 Example 
 
 57 

) ) ) You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 common stock investment, assuming a 5 annual return resulting entirely from net realized capital gains (all of which is subject to the capital gains incentive fee)(2) 
 (174) (384) (567) (925) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Assumes that we will not realize any capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. 
 (2) Assumes no unrealized capital depreciation and a 5 annual return resulting entirely from net realized capital gains and not otherwise deferrable under the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement and therefore subject to the capital gains incentive fee. 
 The foregoing table is to assist you in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . If we were to achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger income based fees or capital gains incentive fees of a material amount, our expenses, and returns to our investors, would be higher. In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and distributions at net asset value, if our board of directors authorizes and we declare a cash dividend, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan who have not otherwise elected to receive cash will receive a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to a participant by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the valuation date for the dividend. See Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Dividend Reinvestment Plan for additional information regarding our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses as actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) that we may incur in the future and such actual expenses may be greater or less than those shown. 
 58 

SENIOR SECURITIES 
 (dollar amounts in millions, except per unit data) 
 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A Revolving Funding Facility Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A SMBC Funding Facility Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A BNP Funding Facility Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A SBA Debentures Fiscal 2017 N/A 
 59 

N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A February 2016 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A June 2016 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A 2017 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A 2018 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A 2019 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A 2022 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A 2024 Convertible Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A 2018 Notes Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A Fiscal 2013 N/A 
 60 

N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A Fiscal 2015 N/A Fiscal 2014 N/A 2022 Notes Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A Fiscal 2016 N/A February 2022 Notes Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2013 October 2022 Notes Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2013 2040 Notes Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2013 2023 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A Fiscal 2017 N/A 2024 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A March 2025 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A Fiscal 2019 N/A Fiscal 2018 N/A July 2025 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A 
 61 

N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A Fiscal 2020 N/A July 2026 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A 2027 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A 2028 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A 2031 Notes Fiscal 2022 N/A Fiscal 2021 N/A 2047 Notes Fiscal 2020 Fiscal 2019 Fiscal 2018 Fiscal 2017 Fiscal 2016 Fiscal 2015 Fiscal 2014 Fiscal 2013 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) 
 
 (4) 
 62 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 63 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The information contained in this section should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition, some of the statements in this Annual Report (including in the following discussion) constitute forward- looking statements, which relate to future events or the future performance or financial condition of Ares Capital Corporation (the Company, Ares Capital, we, us, or our ). The forward-looking statements contained in this report involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including statements concerning: 
 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects; 
 
 the return or impact of current and future investments; 
 
 the impact of global health crises on our or our portfolio companies business and the U.S. and global economy; 
 
 the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 
 
 the impact of the elimination of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and implementation of alternatives to LIBOR on our operating results; 
 
 changes in the general economy, slowing economy, rising inflation, risk of recession and risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling; 
 
 the impact of changes in laws or regulations (including the interpretation thereof), including tax laws, governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies or the operations of our competitors; 
 
 the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 
 
 our ability to recover unrealized losses; 
 
 market conditions and our ability to access different debt markets and additional debt and equity capital and our ability to manage our capital resources effectively; 
 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 
 the state of the general economy; 
 
 the impact of supply chain constraints on our portfolio companies and the global economy; 
 
 uncertainty surrounding global financial stability; 
 
 the social, geopolitical, financial, trade and legal implications of Brexit; 
 
 the war in Ukraine and Russia and the potential for volatility in energy prices and other commodities and their impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 
 the financial condition of our current and prospective portfolio companies and their ability to achieve their objectives; 
 
 the impact of information technology system failures, data security breaches, data privacy compliance, network disruptions, and cybersecurity attacks; 
 
 our ability to raise capital in the private and public debt and equity markets; 
 
 our ability to anticipate and identify evolving market expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, including the environmental impacts of our portfolio companies' supply chain and operations; 
 
 our ability to successfully complete and integrate any acquisitions; 
 
 the outcome and impact of any litigation or regulatory proceeding; 
 64 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 
 the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; 
 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; and 
 
 the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments. 
 
 We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, project, estimates, will, should, could, would, may and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include these words. Our actual results and condition could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors set forth in Risk Factors and the other information included in this Annual Report. 
 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on information available to us on the filing date of this Annual Report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, registration statements on Form N-2, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 

OVERVIEW 
 
 We are a specialty finance company that is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company incorporated in Maryland. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act ). 
 
 We are externally managed by Ares Capital Management LLC Ares Capital Management or our investment adviser ), a subsidiary of Ares Management Corporation (NYSE: ARES) Ares Management ), a publicly traded, leading global alternative investment manager, pursuant to our investment advisory and management agreement. Ares Operations LLC Ares Operations or our administrator ), a subsidiary of Ares Management, provides certain administrative and other services necessary for us to operate. 
 
 Our investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in first lien senior secured loans (including unitranche loans, which are loans that combine both senior and subordinated debt, generally in a first lien position) and second lien senior secured loans. In addition to senior secured loans, we also invest in subordinated loans (sometimes referred to as mezzanine debt), which in some cases includes an equity component and preferred equity. 
 
 To a lesser extent, we also make common equity investments, which have generally been non-control equity investments of less than 20 million (usually in conjunction with a concurrent debt investment). However, we may increase the size or change the nature of these investments. 
 
 Since our initial public offering IPO on October 8, 2004 through December 31, 2022, our exited investments resulted in an asset level realized gross internal rate of return to us of approximately 14 (based on original cash invested, net of syndications, of approximately 39.2 billion and total proceeds from such exited investments of approximately 50.4 billion). Internal rate of return is the discount rate that makes the net present value of all cash flows related to a particular investment equal to zero. Internal rate of return is gross of expenses related to investments as these expenses are not allocable to specific investments. Investments are considered to be exited when the original investment objective has been achieved through the receipt of cash and/or non-cash consideration upon the repayment of a debt investment or sale of an investment or through the determination that no further consideration was collectible and, thus, a loss may have been realized. Approximately 58 of these exited investments resulted in an asset level realized gross internal rate of return to us of 10 or greater. 
 
 Additionally, since our IPO on October 8, 2004 through December 31, 2022, our realized gains have exceeded our realized losses by approximately 1.1 billion (excluding a one-time gain on the acquisition of Allied Capital Corporation Allied Capital in April 2010 (the Allied Acquisition and realized gains/losses from the extinguishment of debt and other 
 65 

transactions). For this same time period, our average annualized net realized gain rate was approximately 1.0 (excluding a one-time gain on the acquisition of Allied Capital and realized gains/losses from the extinguishment of debt and other transactions). Net realized gain/loss rates for a particular period are the amount of net realized gains/losses during such period divided by the average quarterly investments at amortized cost in such period. 
 
 Information included herein regarding internal rates of return, realized gains and losses and annualized net realized gain rates are historical results relating to our past performance and are not necessarily indicative of future results, the achievement of which cannot be assured. 
 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 of our total assets in qualifying assets, including securities and indebtedness of private U.S. companies and certain public U.S. companies, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. We also may invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-qualifying assets, as permitted by the Investment Company Act. Specifically, as part of this 30 basket, we may invest in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the Investment Company Act), including companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under the Investment Company Act, and publicly traded entities whose public equity market capitalization exceeds the levels provided for under the Investment Company Act. 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other requirements, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our stockholders generally at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. Pursuant to this election, we generally will not have to pay U.S. federal corporate-level taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders provided that we satisfy those requirements. 
 
 MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT 
 
 Credit markets continued to be under pressure during 2022 amid a risk-off environment and sustained macro-economic uncertainty due to record-high inflation, tighter financial conditions and growing recession risk. Central banks have remained focused on restoring price stability by raising interest rates and have signaled that growth may be hindered until inflation comes under control. 

66 

PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 
 Our investment activity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (dollar amounts in millions) 2022 2021 New investment commitments(1): New portfolio companies 4,629 7,540 Existing portfolio companies 5,241 8,033 Total new investment commitments(2) 9,870 15,573 Less: Investment commitments exited(3) (7,953) (11,195) Net investment commitments 1,917 4,378 Principal amount of investments funded: First lien senior secured loans(4) 6,141 8,835 Second lien senior secured loans 536 2,497 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP(5) 318 232 Senior subordinated loans 308 393 Preferred equity 558 930 Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(6) 1,544 348 Other equity 317 653 Total 9,722 13,888 Principal amount of investments sold or repaid: First lien senior secured loans(4) 6,014 6,503 Second lien senior secured loans 996 2,318 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP(5) 31 368 Senior subordinated loans 65 334 Preferred equity 188 474 Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(6) 277 108 Other equity 209 148 Total 7,780 10,253 Number of new investment commitments(7) 183 242 Average new investment commitment amount 54 64 Weighted average term for new investment commitments (in months) 65 76 Percentage of new investment commitments at floating rates 82 86 Percentage of new investment commitments at fixed rates 6 8 Weighted average yield of debt and other income producing securities(8): Funded during the period at amortized cost 9.7 7.8 Funded during the period at fair value(9) 9.7 7.9 Exited or repaid during the period at amortized cost 8.4 8.0 Exited or repaid during the period at fair value(9) 8.4 8.0 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) New investment commitments include new agreements to fund revolving loans or delayed draw loans. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on our commitments to fund revolving loans or delayed draw loans. 
 
 (2) Includes both funded and unfunded commitments. Of these new investment commitments, we funded 8.7 billion and 12.5 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (3) Includes both funded and unfunded commitments. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, investment commitments exited included exits of unfunded commitments of 757 million and 1.2 billion, respectively. 
 67 

(4) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, net fundings of first lien secured revolving loans were 275 million and 59 million, respectively. 
 
 (5) See Senior Direct Lending Program below and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on the SDLP (as defined below). 
 
 (6) Includes our equity and subordinated loan investments in IHAM (as defined below), as applicable. See Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. below and Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on IHAM. 
 
 (7) Number of new investment commitments represents each commitment to a particular portfolio company or a commitment to multiple companies as part of an individual transaction (e.g., the purchase of a portfolio of investments). 
 
 (8) Weighted average yield of debt and other income producing securities is computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of original issue discount and market discount or premium earned on accruing debt and other income producing securities (including the annualized amount of the dividend received by us related to our equity investment in IHAM during the most recent quarter end, as applicable), divided by (b) the total accruing debt and other income producing securities at amortized cost or at fair value (including the amortized cost or fair value of our equity investment in IHAM as applicable), as applicable. 
 
 (9) Represents fair value for investments in the portfolio as of the most recent prior quarter end, if applicable. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investments consisted of the following: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value First lien senior secured loans(1) 9,684 9,373 9,583 9,459 Second lien senior secured loans 4,218 3,934 4,614 4,524 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP(2) 1,274 1,249 987 987 Senior subordinated loans 1,163 1,079 896 890 Preferred equity 2,095 2,027 1,547 1,561 Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(3) 2,048 2,201 781 936 Other equity 1,561 1,917 1,402 1,652 Total 22,043 21,780 19,810 20,009 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) First lien senior secured loans include certain loans that we classify as unitranche loans. The total amortized cost and fair value of the loans that we classified as unitranche loans were 5.0 billion and 4.8 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and 5.2 billion and 5.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 (2) The proceeds from these certificates were applied to co-investments with Varagon Capital Partners Varagon and its clients to fund first lien senior secured loans to 22 and 19 different borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (3) Includes our equity and subordinated loan investments in IHAM, as applicable. 
 
 We have commitments to fund various revolving and delayed draw senior secured and subordinated loans, including commitments to fund which are at (or substantially at) our discretion. Our commitment to fund delayed draw loans is triggered upon the satisfaction of certain pre-negotiated terms and conditions. Generally, the most significant and uncertain term requires the borrower to satisfy a specific use of proceeds covenant. The use of proceeds covenant typically requires the borrower to use the additional loans for the specific purpose of a permitted acquisition or permitted investment, for example. In addition to the use of proceeds covenant, the borrower is generally required to satisfy additional negotiated covenants (including specified leverage levels). We are also party to subscription agreements to fund equity investments in private equity investment 
 68 

partnerships. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on our unfunded commitments, including commitments to issue letters of credit, related to certain of our portfolio companies. 
 
 The weighted average yields at amortized cost and fair value of the following portions of our portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Debt and other income producing securities(1) 11.6 11.9 8.7 8.7 Total portfolio(2) 10.5 10.6 7.9 7.9 First lien senior secured loans(3) 10.7 11.1 7.2 7.3 Second lien senior secured loans(3) 11.6 12.5 8.6 8.8 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP(3)(6) 13.5 13.8 13.5 13.5 Senior subordinated loans(3) 10.8 11.3 10.2 10.3 Ivy Hill Asset Management L.P.(4) 14.2 12.9 14.6 12.2 Other income producing equity securities(5) 11.4 11.4 10.6 10.0 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Weighted average yields on debt and other income producing securities are computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of original issue discount and market discount or premium earned on accruing debt and other income producing securities (including the annualized amount of the dividend received by us related to our equity investment in IHAM during the most recent quarter end), divided by (b) the total accruing debt and other income producing securities at amortized cost or at fair value (including the amortized cost or fair value of our equity investment in IHAM as applicable), as applicable. 
 
 (2) Weighted average yields on total portfolio are computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of original issue discount and market discount or premium earned on accruing debt and other income producing securities (including the annualized amount of the dividend received by us related to our equity investment in IHAM during the most recent quarter end), divided by (b) total investments at amortized cost or at fair value, as applicable. 
 
 (3) Weighted average yields are computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate or yield earned plus the net annual amortization of original issue discount and market discount or premium earned on the relevant accruing investments, divided by (b) the total relevant investments at amortized cost or at fair value, as applicable. 
 
 (4) Represents the yield on our equity investment in IHAM, which is computed as (a) the annualized amount of the dividend received by us related to our equity investment in IHAM during the most recent quarter end, divided by (b) the amortized cost or fair value of our equity investment in IHAM, as applicable. 
 
 (5) Weighted average yield on other income producing equity securities is computed as (a) the yield earned on the relevant income producing equity securities, divided by (b) the total relevant income producing equity securities at amortized cost or fair value, as applicable. 
 
 (6) The proceeds from these certificates were applied to co-investments with Varagon and its clients to fund first lien senior secured loans. 
 
 Ares Capital Management employs an investment rating system to categorize our investments. In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, our investment adviser grades the credit risk of all investments on a scale of 1 to 4 no less frequently than quarterly. This system is intended primarily to reflect the underlying risk of a portfolio investment relative to our initial cost basis in respect of such portfolio investment (i.e., at the time of origination or acquisition), although it may also take into account under certain circumstances the performance of the portfolio company s business, the collateral coverage of the investment and other relevant factors. The grade of a portfolio investment may be reduced or increased over time. The following is a description of each investment grade: 
 
 69 

Investment grade Description 4 Involves the least amount of risk to our initial cost basis. The trends and risk factors for this investment since origination or acquisition are generally favorable, which may include the performance of the portfolio company or a potential exit. 3 Involves a level of risk to our initial cost basis that is similar to the risk to our initial cost basis at the time of origination or acquisition. This portfolio company is generally performing as expected and the risk factors to our ability to ultimately recoup the cost of our investment are neutral to favorable. All investments or acquired investments in new portfolio companies are initially assessed a grade of 3. 2 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has increased materially since origination or acquisition, including as a result of factors such as declining performance and non-compliance with debt covenants; however, payments are generally not more than 120 days past due. For investments graded 2, our investment adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 1 Indicates that the risk to our ability to recoup the initial cost basis of such investment has substantially increased since origination or acquisition, and the portfolio company likely has materially declining performance. For debt investments with an investment grade of 1, most or all of the debt covenants are out of compliance and payments are substantially delinquent. For investments graded 1, it is anticipated that we will not recoup our initial cost basis and may realize a substantial loss of our initial cost basis upon exit. For investments graded 1, our investment adviser enhances its level of scrutiny over the monitoring of such portfolio company. 
 
 Set forth below is the grade distribution of our portfolio companies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (dollar amounts in millions) Fair Value Number of Companies Fair Value Number of Companies Grade 4 5,051 23.2 80 17.1 3,422 17.1 49 12.7 Grade 3 15,279 70.1 327 70.2 15,529 77.6 294 76.0 Grade 2 1,342 6.2 40 8.6 910 4.5 24 6.1 Grade 1 108 0.5 19 4.1 148 0.8 20 5.2 Total 21,780 100.0 466 100.0 20,009 100.0 387 100.0 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average grade of the investments in our portfolio at fair value was 3.2 and 3.1, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, loans on non-accrual status represented 1.7 of the total investments at amortized cost (or 1.1 at fair value) and 0.8 at amortized cost (or 0.5 at fair value), respectively. 
 
 Senior Direct Lending Program 
 
 We have established a joint venture with Varagon to make certain first lien senior secured loans, including certain stretch senior and unitranche loans, primarily to U.S. middle-market companies. Varagon was formed in 2013 as a lending platform by American International Group, Inc. and other partners. The joint venture is called the Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC (d/b/a the Senior Direct Lending Program or the SDLP ). In July 2016, we and Varagon and its clients completed the initial funding of the SDLP. The SDLP may generally commit and hold individual loans of up to 450 million. The SDLP is capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the SDLP must be approved by an investment committee of the SDLP consisting of representatives of ours and Varagon (with approval from a representative of each required). 
 
 We provide capital to the SDLP in the form of subordinated certificates (the SDLP Certificates ), and Varagon and its clients provide capital to the SDLP in the form of senior notes, intermediate funding notes and SDLP Certificates. As of December 31, 2022, we and a client of Varagon owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the outstanding SDLP Certificates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we and Varagon and its clients had agreed to make capital available to the SDLP of 6.2 billion and 6.2 billion, respectively, in the aggregate, of which 1.4 billion and 1.4 billion, respectively, is to be made 
 70 

available from us. This capital will only be committed to the SDLP upon approval of transactions by the investment committee of the SDLP. Below is a summary of the funded capital and unfunded capital commitments of the SDLP. 
 
 As of December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Total capital funded to the SDLP(1) 5,127 4,168 Total capital funded to the SDLP by the Company(1) 1,274 987 Total unfunded capital commitments to the SDLP(2) 294 262 Total unfunded capital commitments to the SDLP by the Company(2) 68 62 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 
 (2) These commitments to fund delayed draw loans have been approved by the investment committee of the SDLP and will be funded if and when conditions to funding such delayed draw loans are met. 
 
 The SDLP Certificates pay a coupon equal to LIBOR plus 8.0 and also entitle the holders thereof to receive a portion of the excess cash flow from the loan portfolio, after expenses, which may result in a return to the holders of the SDLP Certificates that is greater than the stated coupon. The SDLP Certificates are junior in right of payment to the senior notes and intermediate funding notes. 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of our SDLP Certificates were 1.3 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 1.0 billion and 1.0 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. Our yield on our investment in the SDLP Certificates at amortized cost and fair value was 13.5 and 13.8 , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 13.5 and 13.5 , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The interest income from our investment in the SDLP Certificates and capital structuring service and other fees earned for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Interest income 
 146 138 Capital structuring service and other fees 
 22 22 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the SDLP portfolio was comprised entirely of first lien senior secured loans primarily to U.S. middle-market companies and were in industries similar to the companies in our portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, one of the loans was on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2021, none of the loans were on non-accrual status. Below is a summary of the SDLP s portfolio as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 As of December 31, (dollar amounts in millions) 2022 2021 Total first lien senior secured loans(1)(2) 5,174 4,194 Weighted average yield on first lien senior secured loans(3) 10.1 6.7 Largest loan to a single borrower(1) 377 342 Total of five largest loans to borrowers(1) 1,631 1,540 Number of borrowers in the SDLP 22 19 Commitments to fund delayed draw loans(4) 294 262 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 
 (2) First lien senior secured loans include certain loans that the SDLP classifies as unitranche loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total principal amount of loans in the SDLP portfolio that the SDLP classified as unitranche loans was 4,108 million and 2,908 million, respectively. 
 
 (3) Computed as (a) the annual stated interest rate on accruing first lien senior secured loans, divided by (b) total first lien senior secured loans at principal amount. 
 71 

(4) As discussed above, these commitments have been approved by the investment committee of the SDLP. 
 
 Selected financial information for the SDLP as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was as follows: 
 
 As of December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Information: Investments at fair value (amortized cost of 5,166 and 4,193, respectively) 4,958 4,127 Other assets 150 84 Total assets 5,108 4,211 Senior notes 3,538 2,939 Intermediate funding notes 132 101 Other liabilities 110 51 Total liabilities 3,780 3,091 Subordinated certificates and members capital 1,328 1,120 Total liabilities and members capital 5,108 4,211 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Selected Statement of Operations Information: Total investment income 365 282 Interest expense 155 91 Other expenses 20 18 Total expenses 175 109 Net investment income 190 173 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments (147) 70 Net increase in members capital resulting from operations 43 243 
 
 72 

SDLP Loan Portfolio as of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) Portfolio Company Business Description Maturity Date Stated Interest Rate(1) Principal Amount Fair Value(2) Arrowhead Holdco Company (3)(4) Distributor of non-discretionary, mission-critical aftermarket replacement parts 8/2028 8.9 274.3 260.6 Benecon Midco II LLC (3)(4) Employee benefits provider for small and mid-size employers 12/2026 10.0 171.9 171.9 Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC (3)(5) Autism treatment and services provider specializing in applied behavior analysis therapy 11/2024 148.0 65.2 Concert Golf Partners Holdco LLC (3) Golf club owner and operator 4/2029 10.2 255.3 255.3 Emergency Communications Network, LLC (3) Provider of mission critical emergency mass notification solutions 6/2024 11.8 238.8 214.9 Excelligence Holdings Corp. (3) Developer, manufacturer and retailer of educational products 1/2024 10.7 146.3 146.3 FS Squared Holding Corp. (3)(4) Provider of on-site vending and micro market solutions 3/2025 9.6 308.0 308.0 Harvey Tool Company, LLC (3) Manufacturer of cutting tools used in the metalworking industry 10/2027 10.2 233.6 231.3 HGC Holdings, LLC (3) Operator of golf facilities 6/2026 9.5 141.4 141.4 ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. (3)(4) Provider of commercial and industrial waste processing and disposal services 8/2029 10.6 286.5 280.8 Manna Pro Products, LLC (3) Manufacturer and supplier of specialty nutrition and care products for animals 12/2026 10.1 270.3 251.4 n2y Holding, LLC (3) Developer of cloud-based special education platform 11/2026 10.1 193.5 191.5 NCWS Intermediate, Inc. (3)(4) Manufacturer and supplier of car wash equipment, parts and supplies to the conveyorized car wash market 12/2026 10.4 269.8 264.5 North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC (3)(4) Manufacturer of aftermarket golf cart parts and accessories 5/2027 11.2 217.2 202.0 Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC (3)(4) Provider of plant maintenance and scheduling software 5/2025 10.0 338.4 338.4 Penn Detroit Diesel Allison, LLC Distributor of aftermarket parts to the heavy-duty truck industry 12/2027 11.4 49.6 49.6 Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc. and Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. (3)(4) Manufacturer of high-tolerance precision machined components and assemblies for the aerospace and defense industry 8/2027 10.4 258.7 253.5 Pritchard Industries, LLC (3)(4) Provider of janitorial and facilities management services 10/2027 10.5 242.3 235.0 Qnnect, LLC (3)(4) Manufacturer of highly engineered hermetic packaging products 11/2029 11.1 277.3 268.9 THG Acquisition, LLC (3) Multi-line insurance broker 12/2026 10.1 321.2 317.9 Towne Holdings, Inc. Parking management and hospitality services provider 8/2023 13.8 146.9 143.9 Walnut Parent, Inc. (3) Manufacturer of natural solution pest and animal control products 11/2027 10.2 377.0 365.8 5,166.3 4,958.1 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted average annual stated interest rate as of December 31, 2022. All interest rates are payable in cash, except for portions of the stated interest rates which are payment-in-kind for investments in Emergency Communications Network, LLC and Towne Holdings, Inc. 
 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ). The determination of such fair value is not included in our valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 
 (3) We also hold a portion of this company s first lien senior secured loan. 
 
 (4) We hold an equity investment in this company. 
 
 (5) Loan was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022. 
 73 

SDLP Loan Portfolio as of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) Portfolio Company Business Description Maturity Date Stated Interest Rate(1) Principal Amount Fair Value(2) Arrowhead Holdco Company (3)(4) Distributor of non-discretionary, mission critical aftermarket replacement parts 8/2028 5.3 274.8 272.0 Benecon Midco II LLC (3)(4) Employee benefits provider for small and mid-size employers 12/2026 6.3 173.7 173.7 Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC (3) Autism treatment and services provider specializing in applied behavior analysis therapy 11/2024 7.5 145.1 132.0 Concert Golf Partners Holdco LLC (3) Golf club owner and operator 8/2025 6.0 223.2 221.0 Emergency Communications Network, LLC (3) Provider of mission critical emergency mass notification solutions 6/2023 8.8 227.1 209.0 Excelligence Holdings Corp. (3) Developer, manufacturer and retailer of educational products 4/2023 7.0 154.3 149.6 FS Squared Holding Corp. (3)(4) Provider of on-site vending and micro-market solutions to employers 3/2025 5.4 244.3 244.3 Harvey Tool Company, LLC (3) Manufacturer of cutting tools used in the metalworking industry 10/2027 6.3 226.1 223.9 Manna Pro Products, LLC (3) Manufacturer and supplier of specialty nutrition and care products for animals 12/2026 7.0 273.0 273.0 n2y Holding, LLC (3) Developer of cloud-based special education platform 11/2026 6.8 195.4 195.4 NCWS Intermediate, Inc. (3)(4) Manufacturer and supplier of car wash equipment, parts and supplies to the conveyorized car wash market 12/2026 6.8 272.6 269.9 North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC (3)(4) Manufacturer of aftermarket golf cart parts and accessories 5/2027 7.0 191.6 189.7 Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC (3)(4) Provider of plant maintenance and scheduling software 5/2025 6.3 341.9 341.9 Penn Detroit Diesel Allison, LLC Distributor of aftermarket parts to the heavy-duty truck industry 12/2023 8.0 62.9 62.9 Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc. and Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. (3)(4) Manufacturer of high-tolerance precision machined components and assemblies for the aerospace and defense industry 8/2027 7.0 202.8 200.7 Pritchard Industries, LLC (3)(4) Provider of janitorial and facilities management services 10/2027 6.3 201.9 199.9 THG Acquisition, LLC (3) Multi-line insurance broker 12/2026 6.7 310.3 310.3 Towne Holdings, Inc. Parking management and hospitality services provider 5/2022 9.8 132.6 118.0 Walnut Parent, Inc. (3) Manufacturer of natural solution pest and animal control products 11/2027 6.5 339.9 339.9 4,193.5 4,127.1 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted average annual stated interest rate as of December 31, 2021. All interest rates are payable in cash, except for portions of the stated interest rates which are payment-in-kind for investments in Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC, Emergency Communications Network, LLC and Towne Holdings, Inc. 
 
 (2) Represents the fair value in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 820-10, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ASC 820-10 ). The determination of such fair value is not included in our valuation process described elsewhere herein. 
 
 (3) We also hold a portion of this company s first lien senior secured loan. 
 
 (4) We hold an equity investment in this company. 
 74 

Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 
 
 Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. IHAM ), our wholly owned portfolio company, is an asset management services company and an SEC-registered investment adviser. As of December 31, 2022, IHAM had assets under management of approximately 13.1 billion. As of December 31, 2022, IHAM managed 21 vehicles and served as the sub-manager/sub-servicer for one other vehicle (these vehicles managed or sub-managed/sub-serviced by IHAM are referred to as the IHAM Vehicles ). IHAM earns fee income from managing the IHAM Vehicles and has also invested in certain of these vehicles as part of its business strategy. The amortized cost of IHAM s total investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,370 million and 966 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, IHAM had management and incentive fee income of 48 million and 31 million, respectively, and other investment-related income of 189 million and 91 million, respectively. 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of our investments in IHAM as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Subordinated debt 
 500 500 16 16 Equity investment 
 1,548 1,701 765 920 Total investments in IHAM 2,048 2,201 781 936 
 
 The interest income and dividend income that we earned from IHAM for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Interest income 
 23 3 Dividend income 
 205 93 
 
 From time to time, IHAM or certain IHAM Vehicles may purchase investments from, or sell investments to us. For any such sales or purchases by the IHAM Vehicles to or from us, the IHAM Vehicle must obtain approval from third parties unaffiliated with us or IHAM, as applicable. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, IHAM or certain of the IHAM Vehicles purchased 3.4 billion and 2.4 billion, respectively, of loans from us. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 20 million and 7 million, respectively, of net realized losses from these sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we purchased 27 million of investments from certain IHAM Vehicles. 
 
 IHAM is party to an administration agreement, referred to herein as the IHAM administration agreement, with Ares Operations. Pursuant to the IHAM administration agreement, Ares Operations provides IHAM with, among other things, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services, services relating to the marketing and sale of interests in vehicles managed by IHAM, services of, and oversight of, custodians, depositories, accountants, attorneys, underwriters and such other persons in any other capacity deemed to be necessary. Under the IHAM administration agreement, IHAM reimburses Ares Operations for all of the actual costs associated with such services, including Ares Operations allocable portion of the compensation, rent and other expenses of its officers, employees and respective staff in performing its obligations under the IHAM administration agreement. 
 
 Selected Financial Information 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X, selected financial information of IHAM, in conformity with GAAP, as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented below. 
 
 In conformity with GAAP, IHAM is required to consolidate entities in which IHAM has a direct or indirect controlling financial interest based on either a variable interest model or voting interest model, which include certain of the IHAM Vehicles (the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles ). As such, for GAAP purposes only, IHAM consolidates (a) entities in which it holds a majority voting interest or has majority ownership and control over the operational, financial and investing decisions of that entity and (b) entities that it concludes are variable interest entities in which IHAM has more than insignificant economic 
 75 

interest and power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities, and for which IHAM is deemed to be the primary beneficiary. 
 
 When IHAM consolidates an IHAM Vehicle for GAAP purposes only, IHAM reflects the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles on a gross basis, including the economic interests held by third-party investors in the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles as debt obligations, subordinated notes or non-controlling interests, in the consolidated IHAM financials below. All of the revenues earned by IHAM as the investment manager of the IHAM Consolidated Vehicles are eliminated in GAAP consolidation. However, because the eliminated amounts are earned from and funded by third-party investors, the GAAP consolidation of an IHAM Vehicle does not impact the net income or loss attributable to IHAM. As a result, we believe an assessment of IHAM's business and the impact to our investment in IHAM is best viewed on a stand-alone basis as reflected in the first column in the tables below. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 (in millions) IHAM Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(1) Eliminations Consolidated Selected Balance Sheet Information: Assets Investments at fair value(2) 2,340 8,973 (2,315) 8,998 Cash and cash equivalents 5 499 504 Other assets 55 94 (51) 98 Total assets 2,400 9,566 (2,366) 9,600 Liabilities Debt 308 6,968 7,276 Subordinated note from ARCC 500 500 Subordinated notes(3) 1,374 (1,093) 281 Other liabilities 17 129 (15) 131 Total liabilities 825 8,471 (1,108) 8,188 Equity Contributed capital 1,547 1,547 Accumulated earnings 61 61 Net unrealized losses on investments and foreign currency transactions (33) (33) Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(4) 
 1,095 (1,258) (163) Total equity 1,575 1,095 (1,258) 1,412 Total liabilities and equity 2,400 9,566 (2,366) 9,600 
 
 76 

As of December 31, 2021 (in millions) IHAM Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(1) Eliminations Consolidated Selected Balance Sheet Information: Assets Investments at fair value(2) 966 5,510 (927) 5,549 Cash and cash equivalents 8 416 424 Other assets 12 79 (8) 83 Total assets 986 6,005 (935) 6,056 Liabilities Debt 125 4,656 4,781 Subordinated note from ARCC 16 16 Subordinated notes(3) 983 (700) 283 Other liabilities 2 98 (9) 91 Total liabilities 143 5,737 (709) 5,171 Equity Contributed capital 765 765 Accumulated earnings 78 78 Net unrealized gains on investments and foreign currency transactions Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(4) 
 268 (226) 42 Total equity 843 268 (226) 885 Total liabilities and equity 986 6,005 (935) 6,056 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Consolidated for GAAP purposes only. 
 
 (2) The determination of such fair value is determined in accordance with IHAM s valuation procedures (separate and apart from our valuation process described elsewhere herein). The amortized cost of IHAM s total investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 2,370 million and 966 million, respectively. The amortized cost of the total investments of IHAM on a consolidated basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 9,306 million and 5,588 million, respectively. 
 
 (3) Subordinated notes generally represent the most junior capital in certain of the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles and effectively represent equity in such vehicles. 
 
 (4) Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles includes net unrealized depreciation in the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles of 309 million and 30 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

77 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) IHAM Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(1) Eliminations Consolidated Selected Statement of Operations Information: Revenues Investment income 188 594 (185) 597 Management fees and other income 49 7 (46) 10 Total revenues 237 601 (231) 607 Expenses Interest expense 35 261 296 Distributions to subordinated notes 130 (95) 35 Management fees and other expenses 14 56 (46) 24 Total expenses 49 447 (141) 355 Net operating income 188 154 (90) 252 Net realized losses on investments and other transactions (12) (12) Net unrealized losses on investments and other transactions (33) (279) 31 (281) Total net realized and unrealized losses on investments and other transactions (33) (291) 31 (293) Net income (loss) 155 (137) (59) (41) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles (137) (59) (196) Net income attributable to Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 155 155 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in millions) IHAM Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(1) Eliminations Consolidated Selected Statement of Operations Information: Revenues Investment income 97 285 (93) 289 Management fees and other income 31 7 (27) 11 Total revenues 128 292 (120) 300 Expenses Interest expense 5 99 104 Distributions to subordinated notes 135 (101) 34 Management fees and other expenses 12 38 (27) 23 Total expenses 17 272 (128) 161 Net operating income 111 20 8 139 Net realized gains (losses) on investments and other transactions (6) 80 (28) 46 Net unrealized gains on investments and other transactions 18 91 (15) 94 Total net realized and unrealized gains on investments and other transactions 12 171 (43) 140 Net income 123 191 (35) 279 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles 191 (35) 156 Net income attributable to Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 123 123 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) Consolidated for GAAP purposes only. 

78 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Total investment income 2,096 1,820 Total expenses 949 1,050 Net investment income before income taxes 1,147 770 Income tax expense, including excise tax 55 29 Net investment income 1,092 741 Net realized gains on investments, foreign currency and other transactions 81 283 Net unrealized (losses) gains on investments, foreign currency and other transactions (525) 586 Realized loss on extinguishment of debt (48) (43) Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations 600 1,567 
 
 Net income can vary substantially from period to period due to various factors, including acquisitions, the level of new investment commitments, the recognition of realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation. As a result, comparisons of net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations may not be meaningful. 
 
 Investment Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Interest income from investments 1,470 1,247 Capital structuring service fees 153 306 Dividend income 424 222 Other income 49 45 Total investment income 2,096 1,820 
 
 Interest income from investments for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily as a result of an increase in the average size of our portfolio as well as the impact of rising interest rates. The average size and weighted average yield of our portfolio at amortized cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (dollar amounts in millions) 2022 2021 Average size of portfolio 20,704 17,053 Weighted average yield on portfolio 9.0 8.5 
 
 Capital structuring service fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to a decrease in new investment commitments and a decrease in the weighted average capital structuring service fee percentage during the year ended December 31, 2022. The higher weighted average capital structuring service fee percentage during the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to the comparable period in 2022 was primarily due to a higher number of transactions in new portfolio companies. The new investment commitments and weighted average capital structuring service fee percentages for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (dollar amounts in millions) 2022 2021 New investment commitments 9,870 15,573 Weighted average capital structuring service fee percentages(1) 1.5 2.0 
 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 79 

(1) Excluding 1,544 million and 348 million of investment commitments to IHAM for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the weighted average capital structuring service fee percentage was 1.8 and 2.0 , respectively. 
 
 Dividend income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Dividend income received from IHAM 205 93 Recurring dividend income 208 110 Non-recurring dividend income 11 19 Total dividend income 424 222 
 
 Dividend income received from IHAM for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to the continued increase in IHAM s assets under management, which generally has been supported by our additional investments in IHAM. Recurring dividend income for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to an increase in yielding preferred equity investments. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Interest and credit facility fees 455 372 Base management fees 305 253 Income based fees 252 225 Capital gains incentive fees(1) (101) 161 Administrative fees 11 15 Other general and administrative 27 24 Total expenses 949 1,050 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Calculated in accordance with GAAP as discussed below. 
 
 Interest and credit facility fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were comprised of the following: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Stated interest expense 411 308 Credit facility fees 18 33 Amortization of debt issuance costs 30 29 Net (amortization) accretion of discount on notes payable (4) 2 Total interest and credit facility fees 455 372 
 
 Stated interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to the increase in the average principal amount of debt outstanding and the rising interest rates on our floating rate revolving facilities. Our weighted average stated interest rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 due to the higher utilization of our floating rate revolving facilities and the impact of rising interest rates. Average debt outstanding and weighted average stated interest rate on our debt outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

80 

For the Years Ended December 31, (dollar amounts in millions) 2022 2021 Average debt outstanding 11,530 9,411 Weighted average stated interest rate on debt 3.6 3.3 
 
 Credit facility fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 were lower from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to the higher utilization of our revolving facilities resulting in lower unused commitment fees. 
 
 Base management fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to the increase in the average size of our portfolio for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 Income based fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to the pre-incentive fee net investment income, as defined in the investment advisory and management agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022 being higher than in the comparable period in 2021. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the reduction in the capital gains incentive fee calculated in accordance with GAAP was 101 million. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the capital gains incentive fee calculated in accordance with GAAP was 161 million. The capital gains incentive fee accrual for the year ended December 31, 2022 changed from the comparable period in 2021 primarily due to net losses on investments, foreign currency, other transactions and the extinguishment of debt of 492 million compared to net gains of 826 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The capital gains incentive fee accrued under GAAP includes an accrual related to unrealized capital appreciation, whereas the capital gains incentive fee actually payable under our investment advisory and management agreement does not. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. The accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reduction of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. As of December 31, 2022, there was 35 million of capital gains incentive fees accrued in accordance with GAAP. As of December 31, 2022, there was no capital gains incentive fee actually payable under our investment advisory and management agreement. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for more information on the base management fees, income based fees and capital gains incentive fees. 
 
 Cash payment of any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees otherwise earned by our investment adviser is deferred if during the most recent four full calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made the sum of (a) the aggregate distributions to our stockholders and (b) the change in net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees payable during the period) is less than 7.0 of our net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness) at the beginning of such period. These calculations will be adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases. Any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees deferred for payment are carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such fees are payable under the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement. Pursuant to these terms, payment of 81 million of the income based fees earned by our investment adviser for the year ended December 31, 2022 has been deferred. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for more information on the related deferral terms. 
 
 Administrative fees represent fees paid to Ares Operations for our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Ares Operations in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including our allocable portion of the compensation, rent and other expenses of certain of our corporate officers and their respective staffs. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, for more information on the administrative fees. 
 
 Other general and administrative expenses include, among other costs, professional fees, insurance, fees and expenses related to evaluating and making investments in portfolio companies and independent directors fees. 
 
 81 

Income Tax Expense, Including Excise Tax 
 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code and operate in a manner so as to qualify for the tax treatment applicable to RICs. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other requirements, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements and timely distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code, for each year. We have made and intend to continue to make the requisite distributions to our stockholders which will generally relieve us from U.S. federal corporate-level income taxes. 
 
 Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward such taxable income in excess of current year dividend distributions from such current year taxable income into the next tax year and pay a 4 excise tax on such income, as required. To the extent that we determine that our estimated current year taxable income will be in excess of estimated dividend distributions for the current year from such income, we accrue excise tax, if any, on estimated excess taxable income as such taxable income is earned. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an expense of 30 million and 24 million, respectively, for U.S. federal excise tax. 
 
 Certain of our consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a net tax expense of 25 million and 6 million, respectively, for these subsidiaries. The income tax expense for our taxable consolidated subsidiaries will vary depending on the level of realized gains from the exits of investments held by such taxable subsidiaries during the respective periods. 
 
 Net Realized Gains/Losses 
 
 The net realized gains (losses) from the sales, repayments or exits of investments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised of the following: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Sales, repayments or exits of investments(1) 7,757 10,473 Net realized gains (losses) on investments: Gross realized gains 235 442 Gross realized losses (211) (184) Total net realized gains on investments 24 258 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes 3.4 billion and 2.4 billion of loans sold to IHAM and certain vehicles managed by IHAM during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net realized losses of 20 million and 7 million, respectively, were recorded on these transactions with IHAM during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. See Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on IHAM and its managed vehicles. 
 
 82 

The net realized gains on investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) Portfolio Company Net Realized Gains (Losses) Alcami Corporation and ACM Note Holdings, LLC 66 Athenahealth, Inc., VVC Holding Corp., Virence Intermediate Holding Corp., and Virence Holdings LLC 38 Primrose Holding Corporation 29 IRI Holdings, Inc., IRI Group Holdings, Inc. and IRI Parent, L.P. 22 Navisun LLC and Navisun Holdings LLC 19 Bearcat Buyer, Inc. and Bearcat Parent, Inc. 16 Sundance Energy Inc. (23) Teligent, Inc (30) PhyMED Management LLC (55) Eckler Industries, Inc. and Eckler Purchaser LLC (57) Other, net (1) Total 24 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also recognized net realized gains on foreign currency and other transactions of 57 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repaid in full the 388 million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the 2022 Convertible Notes upon their maturity at a premium in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the 2022 Convertible Notes, resulting in a realized loss on the extinguishment of debt of 48 million. 
 
 The net realized gains on investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) Portfolio Company Net Realized Gains (Losses) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. and SVP-Singer Holdings LP 110 Blue Angel Buyer 1, LLC and Blue Angel Holdco, LLC 46 GB Auto Service, Inc. and GB Auto Service Holdings, LLC 32 RMCF III CIV XXIX, L.P 30 Evolent Health LLC and Evolent Health, Inc. 21 BW Landco LLC 21 Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp., Metis HoldCo, Inc., and Metis TopCo, LP 18 ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. 17 QC Supply, LLC (21) Green Energy Partners, Stonewall LLC, Panda Stonewall Intermediate Holdings II LLC and Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC (21) Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp. and GFRC Holdings LLC (24) ADF Capital, Inc., ADF Restaurant Group, LLC, and ARG Restaurant Holdings, Inc. (57) Other, net 86 Total 258 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we also recognized net realized gains on foreign currency transactions of 25 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we redeemed the entire 230 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the unsecured notes that were scheduled to mature on April 15, 2047 (the 2047 Notes in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the 2047 Notes. The 2047 Notes were redeemed at par plus accrued and unpaid interest for a total redemption price of approximately 233 million, which resulted in a realized loss on the extinguishment of debt of 43 million. The 186 million carrying value of the 2047 Notes at the time of redemption represented the aggregate principal amount of the 2047 Notes less the unaccreted purchased discount recorded in connection with the Allied Acquisition. 
 
 83 

Net Unrealized Gains/Losses 
 
 We value our portfolio investments quarterly and the changes in value are recorded as unrealized gains or losses in our consolidated statement of operations. Net unrealized gains and losses on investments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were comprised of the following: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Unrealized appreciation 460 660 Unrealized depreciation (997) (344) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation reversed related to net realized gains or losses(1) 24 286 Total net unrealized gains (losses) on investments (513) 602 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The net unrealized depreciation reversed related to net realized gains or losses represents the unrealized appreciation or depreciation recorded on the related asset at the end of the prior period. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the net unrealized losses recorded on investments were largely due to declining prices in the credit and equity markets as market participants expected a higher return on similar investments as a result of the higher rate environment. 

84 

The changes in net unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) Portfolio Company Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Apex Clean Energy TopCo, LLC 53 Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC and Heelstone Renewable Energy Investors, LLC 43 Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC 34 VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC 33 Moon Valley Nursery of Arizona Retail, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery Farm Holdings, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery RE Holdings LLC, and Stonecourt IV Partners, LP 16 Cipriani USA, Inc. and Cipriani Group Holding S.A.R.L. 16 Mitchell International, Inc. (16) Olympia Acquisition, Inc., Olympia TopCo, L.P., and Asclepius Holdings LLC (17) Cardinal Parent, Inc. and Packers Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (18) Dcert Buyer, Inc., DCert Preferred Holdings, Inc. and Destiny Digital Holdings, L.P. (19) SHO Holding I Corporation (21) AthenaHealth Group Inc., Minerva Holdco, Inc. and BCPE Co-Invest (A), LP (21) High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC (22) Huskies Parent, Inc., GI Insurity Parent LLC and GI Insurity TopCo LP (23) Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC (25) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. and SVP-Singer Holdings LP (26) TibCo Software Inc., Picard Parent, Inc., Picard MidCo, Inc., Picard HoldCo, LLC and Elliott Alto Co-Investor Aggregator L.P. (32) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. and Sunshine Software Holdings, Inc. (32) Global Medical Response, Inc. and GMR Buyer Corp. (33) Visual Edge Technology, Inc. (34) Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC (43) Symplr Software Inc. and Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (51) CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP (62) Other, net (237) Total (537) 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also recognized net unrealized losses on foreign currency and other transactions of 12 million. 
 
 85 

The changes in net unrealized appreciation and depreciation on investments during the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of the following: 
 (in millions) Portfolio Company Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 67 Athenahealth, Inc., VVC Holding Corp., Virence Intermediate Holding Corp., and Virence Holdings LLC 35 OTG Management, LLC 28 Instituto de Banca y Comercio, Inc. Leeds IV Advisors, Inc. 24 Sundance Group Holdings, Inc. 21 Microstar Logistics LLC, Microstar Global Asset Management LLC, MStar Holding Corporation and Kegstar USA Inc. 20 ADG, LLC and RC IV GEDC Investor LLC 19 CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP 18 High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC 17 GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation, Commerce Parent, Inc. and Commerce Topco, LLC 15 Essential Services Holding Corporation and OMERS Mahomes Investment Holdings LLC 15 Implus Footcare, LLC (20) Elemica Parent, Inc. EZ Elemica Holdings, Inc. (20) HAI Acquisition Corporation and Aloha Topco, LLC (20) Redwood Services, LLC and Redwood Services Holdco, LLC (25) Laboratories Bidco LLC and Laboratories Topco LLC (31) Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC, Mekone Blocker Acquisition, Inc. and Mekone Parent, LLC (35) Other, net 188 Total 316 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, we also recognized net unrealized losses on foreign currency and other transactions of 16 million. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 
 The comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 can be found in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 located within Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are generated primarily from the net proceeds of public offerings of equity and debt securities, advances from the Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Funding Facility, the SMBC Funding Facility and the BNP Funding Facility (each as defined below, and together, the Facilities ), net proceeds from the issuance of other securities, including unsecured notes, as well as cash flows from operations. 
 
 In accordance with the Investment Company Act, we are allowed to borrow amounts such that our asset coverage calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act, is at least 150 after such borrowings (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). As of December 31, 2022, we had million in cash and cash equivalents and 12.2 billion in total aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding 12.2 billion at carrying value) and our asset coverage was . Subject to borrowing base and other restrictions, we had approximately 3.9 billion available for additional borrowings under the Facilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We may from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our common stock through cash purchases, as well as retire, cancel or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The amounts involved may be material. In addition, we may from time to time enter into 
 86 

additional debt facilities, increase the size of existing facilities or issue additional debt securities, including secured debt, unsecured debt and/or debt securities convertible into common stock. Any such purchases or exchanges of common stock or outstanding debt, or incurrence or issuance of additional debt would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. 
 
 Equity Capital Activities 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our total equity market capitalization was 9.6 billion and 9.9 billion, respectively. 
 
 We may from time to time issue and sell shares of our common stock through public or at the market offerings. In connection with the issuance of our common stock, we issued and sold the following shares of common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 (in millions, except per share amount) Issuances of Common Stock Number of Shares Issued Gross Proceeds Underwriting Fees/Offering Expenses Net Proceeds Average Offering Price Per Share(1) Public offerings 584.3 (2) At the market offerings 417.0 Total 50.2 1,035.3 34.0 1,001.3 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents the gross offering price per share before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses. 
 
 (2) 11.2 million, 9.2 million and 9.2 million of the shares were sold to the underwriters for a price of 21.06 per share, 19.00 per share and 18.87 per share, respectively, which the underwriters were then permitted to sell at variable prices to the public. See Recent Developments, as well as Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for a subsequent event relating to our public equity offerings. 
 
 At the Market Offerings 
 
 We are a party to equity distribution agreements with several banks (the Equity Distribution Agreements ). The Equity Distribution Agreements provide that we may from time to time issue and sell, by means of at the market offerings, up to 500 million shares of our common stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreements, sales of common stock, if any, may be made in transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Under the currently effective Equity Distribution Agreements, common stock with an aggregate offering amount of million remained available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 We are authorized under our stock repurchase program to purchase up to 500 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below our net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our sole discretion, based upon an evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. The stock repurchase program does not require us to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock or any shares of common stock at all. Consequently, we cannot assure stockholders that any specific number of shares of common stock, if any, will be repurchased under the stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the expiration date of the stock repurchase program is February 15, 2023. The program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, there was 500 million available for additional repurchases under the program. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in the open market under the stock repurchase program. 
 
 See Recent Developments, as well as Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 
 31, 2022 for a subsequent event relating to our stock repurchase program. 
 
 87 

Debt Capital Activities 
 
 (2) (2) Revolving Funding Facility SMBC Funding Facility (3) (3) BNP Funding Facility 2022 Convertible Notes (4) 2024 Convertible Notes (4) (4) 2023 Notes (4) (4) 2024 Notes (4) (4) March 2025 Notes (4) (4) July 2025 Notes (4) (4) January 2026 Notes (4) (4) July 2026 Notes (4) (4) 2027 Notes (4) 2028 Notes (4) (4) 2031 Notes (4) (4) Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents the total aggregate amount committed or outstanding, as applicable, under such instrument. Borrowings under the committed Revolving Credit Facility, Revolving Funding Facility, SMBC Funding Facility and BNP Funding Facility (each as defined below) are subject to borrowing base and other restrictions. 
 
 (2) Provides for a feature that allows us, under certain circumstances, to increase the size of the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) to a maximum of 7.3 billion. 
 
 (3) Provides for a feature that allows ACJB (as defined below), under certain circumstances, to increase the size of the SMBC Funding Facility (as defined below) to a maximum of billion. 
 
 (4) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding, less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unaccreted/amortized discount or premium recorded upon issuance. In February 2022, we repaid in full the 2022 Convertible Notes (defined below) upon their maturity. 
 
 The weighted average stated interest rate and weighted average maturity, both on aggregate principal amount outstanding, of all our debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022 were and years, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021 were 3.1 and 4.2 years, respectively. 
 
 The ratio of total principal amount of debt outstanding to stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022 was 1.29:1.00 compared to 1.26:1.00 as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 88 

), that allows us to borrow up to 4.8 billion at any one time outstanding. The Revolving Credit Facility consists of a 1.1 billion term loan tranche and a 3.7 billion revolving tranche. For 1.0 billion of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 31, 2027. For 28 million of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 31, 2026. For the remaining 50 million of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 30, 2025. For 3.5 billion of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2027, respectively. For 107 million of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, respectively. For the remaining 150 million of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 30, 2024 and March 30, 2025, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for a feature that allows us, under certain circumstances, to increase the overall size of the Revolving Credit Facility to a maximum of 7.3 billion. The interest rate charged on the Revolving Credit Facility is based on Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR (or an alternative rate of interest for certain loans, commitments and/or other extensions of credit denominated in Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Euros and certain other foreign currencies) plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 and an applicable spread of either 1.75 or 1.875 or an alternate base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility) plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 and an applicable spread of either 0.75 or 0.875 , in each case, determined monthly based on the total amount of the borrowing base relative to the sum of (i) the greater of (a) the aggregate amount of revolving exposure and term loans outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) 85 of the total commitments of the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if higher, the total revolving exposure) plus (ii) other debt, if any, secured by the same collateral as the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable spread in effect was . We are also required to pay a letter of credit fee of either 2.00 or 2.125 per annum on letters of credit issued, determined monthly based on the total amount of the borrowing base relative to the total commitments of the Revolving Credit Facility and other debt, if any, secured by the same collateral as the Revolving Credit Facility. Additionally, we are required to pay a commitment fee of 0.375 per annum on any unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there was 2.2 billion outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and we were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 Revolving Funding Facility 
), that allows Ares Capital CP to borrow up to 1.8 billion at any one time outstanding. The Revolving Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by, and the membership interest in, Ares Capital CP. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the Revolving Funding Facility are December 29, 2024 and December 29, 2026, respectively. The interest rate charged on the Revolving Funding Facility is based on SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Funding Facility) plus an applicable spread of 1.90 per annum. Ares Capital CP is also required to pay a commitment fee of between 0.50 and 1.25 per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Revolving Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under the Revolving Funding Facility and we and Ares Capital CP were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Revolving Funding Facility. 
 
 SMBC Funding Facility 
), with ACJB, as the borrower, and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, that allows ACJB to borrow up to million at any one time outstanding. The SMBC Funding Facility also provides for a feature that allows ACJB, subject to receiving certain consents, to increase the overall size of the SMBC Funding Facility to billion. The SMBC Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by ACJB. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the SMBC Funding Facility are May 28, 2024 and May 28, 2026, respectively. The reinvestment period and the stated maturity date are both subject to two one-year extensions by mutual agreement. The interest rate charged on the SMBC Funding Facility is based on an applicable spread of either 1.75 or 2.00 over LIBOR or 0.75 or 1.00 over a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the SMBC Funding Facility), in each case, determined monthly based on the amount of the average borrowings outstanding under the SMBC Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable spread in effect was . ACJB is also required to pay a commitment fee of between 0.50 and 1.00 per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the SMBC Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under the SMBC Funding Facility and we and ACJB were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the SMBC Funding Facility. 
 
 89 

with AFB, as the borrower, and BNP Paribas, as the administrative agent and lender, that allows AFB to borrow up to million at any one time outstanding. The BNP Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by AFB. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the BNP Funding Facility are June 11, 2023 and June 11, 2025, respectively. The reinvestment period and the stated maturity date are both subject to a one-year extension by mutual agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate charged on the BNP Funding Facility was based on three month LIBOR, or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the BNP Funding Facility) plus a margin of (i) 1.80 during the reinvestment period and (ii) 2.30 following the reinvestment period. Beginning on December 11, 2020, AFB is required to pay a commitment fee of between 0.00 and 1.25 per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the BNP Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, there was million outstanding under the BNP Funding Facility and we and AFB were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the BNP Funding Facility. See Recent Developments, as well as Note 15 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for a subsequent event relating to the BNP Funding Facility. 
 
 Convertible Unsecured Notes unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with its terms. We do not have the right to redeem the 2024 Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The 2024 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.625 per annum, payable semi-annually. 

Certain key terms related to the convertible features for the 2024 Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2022 are listed below. 
 2024 Convertible Notes Conversion premium Closing stock price at issuance Closing stock price date March 5, 2019 Conversion price(1) Conversion rate (shares per one thousand dollar principal amount)(1) Conversion date December 1, 2023 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents conversion price and conversion rate, as applicable, as of December 31, 2022, taking into account any applicable de minimis adjustments that will be made on the conversion date. 
 90 

), that pay interest semi-annually and all principal amounts are due upon maturity. Each of the Unsecured Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at our option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, if applicable, as determined pursuant to the indentures governing each of the Unsecured Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. Certain key terms related to the features for the Unsecured Notes as of December 31, 2022 are listed below. 
 
 (dollar amounts in millions) Unsecured Notes Aggregate Principal Amount Issued Interest Rate Original Issuance Date Maturity Date 2023 Notes August 10, 2017 February 10, 2023 2024 Notes June 10, 2019 June 10, 2024 March 2025 Notes January 11, 2018 March 1, 2025 July 2025 Notes January 15, 2020 July 15, 2025 January 2026 Notes July 15, 2020 January 15, 2026 July 2026 Notes January 13, 2021 July 15, 2026 2027 Notes January 13, 2022 June 15, 2027 2028 Notes June 10, 2021 June 15, 2028 2031 Notes November 4, 2021 November 15, 2031 
 
 See Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on our debt obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture and the indentures governing the Unsecured Notes. 
 
 The 2024 Convertible Notes and the Unsecured Notes are our senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to any future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 2024 Convertible Notes and the Unsecured Notes; equal in right of payment to our existing and future unsecured indebtedness that is not expressly subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness (including existing unsecured indebtedness that we later secure) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness (including trade payables) incurred by our subsidiaries, financing vehicles or similar facilities. 
 
 91 

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 In January 2023, we and AFB, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ares Capital, entered into an agreement to amend AFB s BNP Funding Facility. The amendment, among other things, (a) increased the commitments under the facility from 300 million to 500 million and (b) adjusted the interest rate charged on the BNP Funding Facility from an applicable LIBOR (subject to a floor of 0.00 or a base rate plus a margin of (i) 1.80 during the reinvestment period and (ii) 2.30 following the reinvestment period to an applicable SOFR (subject to a floor of 0.00 plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 or a base rate plus a margin of (i) 2.30 during the reinvestment period and (ii) 2.80 following the reinvestment period. 
 
 In January 2023, we completed a public equity offering pursuant to which we sold approximately 12.1 million shares of common stock at a price of 18.53 per share to the participating underwriters, with net proceeds totaling approximately 223.4 million, after giving effect to underwriting fees and estimated offering expenses. 
 
 In February 2023, our board of directors authorized an amendment to our existing stock repurchase program to extend the expiration date of the program from February 15, 2023 to February 15, 2024. Under the stock repurchase program, we may repurchase up to 500 million in the aggregate of our outstanding common stock in the open market at a price per share that meets certain thresholds below our net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by us, in our discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. 
 
 From January 1, 2023 through February 1, 2023, we made new investment commitments of approximately 226 million, of which 158 million were funded. Of these new investment commitments, 90 were in first lien senior secured loans, 6 were in preferred equity and 4 were in other equity. Of the approximately 226 million of new investment commitments, 90 were floating rate, 4 were fixed rate, 4 were non-income producing and 2 were on non-accrual status. The weighted average yield of debt and other income producing securities funded during the period at amortized cost was 11.4 and the weighted average yield on total investments funded during the period at amortized cost was 10.4 . We may seek to sell all or a portion of these new investment commitments, although there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. 
 
 From January 1, 2023 through February 1, 2023, we exited approximately 372 million of investment commitments, including 23 million of loans sold to IHAM or certain vehicles managed by IHAM. Of the total investment commitments exited, 89 were first lien senior secured loans and 11 were subordinated certificates of the SDLP. All of the approximately 372 million of exited investment commitments were floating rate. The weighted average yield of debt and other income producing securities exited or repaid during the period at amortized cost was 10.9 and the weighted average yield on total investments exited or repaid during the period at amortized cost was 10.9 . Of the approximately 372 million of investment commitments exited from January 1, 2023 through February 1, 2023, we recognized total net realized gains of approximately 1 million, with no realized gains or losses recognized from the sale of loans to IHAM or certain vehicles managed by IHAM. 
 
 In addition, as of February 1, 2023, we had an investment backlog and pipeline of approximately 210 million and 55 million, respectively. Investment backlog includes transactions approved by our investment adviser s investment committee and/or for which a formal mandate, letter of intent or a signed commitment have been issued, and therefore we believe are likely to close. Investment pipeline includes transactions where due diligence and analysis are in process, but no formal mandate, letter of intent or signed commitment have been issued. The consummation of any of the investments in this backlog and pipeline depends upon, among other things, one or more of the following: satisfactory completion of our due diligence investigation of the prospective portfolio company, our acceptance of the terms and structure of such investment and the execution and delivery of satisfactory transaction documentation. In addition, we may sell all or a portion of these investments and certain of these investments may result in the repayment of existing investments. We cannot assure you that we will make any of these investments or that we will sell all or any portion of these investments. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets, and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Our critical accounting estimates, including those relating to the valuation of our investment portfolio, are described below. The critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our risk factors as disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on our critical accounting policies. 
 
 92 

Investments 
 
 Investment transactions are recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment using the specific identification method without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized, and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Unrealized gains or losses primarily reflect the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized gains or losses when gains or losses are realized. 
 
 Effective October 1, 2022, pursuant to Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, our board of directors selected our investment adviser as our valuation designee to perform the fair value determinations for investments held by us without readily available market quotations. 
 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are typically valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, we look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available (i.e., substantially all of our investments) are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our investment adviser, as the valuation designee, subject to the oversight of our board of directors, based on, among other things, the input of independent third party valuation firms that have been engaged to support the valuation of such portfolio investments at least once during a trailing 12 month period (with certain de minimis exceptions) and under a valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process. The valuation process is conducted at the end of each fiscal quarter by our investment adviser, and a portion of our investment portfolio at fair value is subject to review by an independent third-party valuation firm each quarter. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm obtains an understanding of, and performs select procedures relating to, our valuation process within the context of performing our integrated audit. 
 
 As part of the valuation process, our investment adviser may take into account the following types of factors, if relevant, in determining the fair value of our investments: the enterprise value of a portfolio company (the entire value of the portfolio company to a market participant, including the sum of the values of debt and equity securities used to capitalize the enterprise at a point in time), the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, a comparison of the portfolio company s securities to any similar publicly traded securities, changes in the interest rate environment and the credit markets, which may affect the price at which similar investments would trade in their principal markets and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, our investment adviser considers the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate the valuation. 
 
 Because there is not a readily available market value for most of the investments in our portfolio, substantially all of our portfolio investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our investment adviser, as the valuation designee, as described herein. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded it. 
 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. 
 
 Our investment adviser, as the valuation designee, subject to the oversight of our board of directors, undertakes a multi step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 
 Our quarterly valuation process begins with a preliminary valuation being prepared by the investment professionals responsible for the portfolio investment in conjunction with our portfolio management and valuation team. 
 
 Preliminary valuations are reviewed and discussed by our investment adviser s valuation committee. 
 
 93 

Our investment adviser s valuation committee determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio without a readily available market quotation in good faith based on, among other things, the input of the independent third party valuation firms, where applicable. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 We follow ASC 825-10, R ecognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities ASC 825-10 ), which provides companies the option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value. ASC 825-10 also establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities and to more easily understand the effect of the company s choice to use fair value on its earnings. ASC 825-10 also requires entities to display the fair value of the selected assets and liabilities on the face of the balance sheet. We have not elected the ASC 825-10 option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value. With the exception of the line items entitled other assets and debt, which are reported at amortized cost, the carrying value of all other assets and liabilities approximate fair value. 
 
 We also follow ASC 820-10, which expands the application of fair value accounting. ASC 820-10 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. ASC 820-10 determines fair value to be the price that would be received for an investment in a current sale, which assumes an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820-10 requires us to assume that the portfolio investment is sold in its principal market to market participants or, in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC 820-10, we have considered its principal market as the market in which we exit our portfolio investments with the greatest volume and level of activity. ASC 820-10 specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. In accordance with ASC 820-10, these inputs are summarized in the three broad levels listed below: 
 
 Level 1 - Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access. 
 
 Level 2 - Valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Level 3 - Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 
 
 In addition to using the above inputs in investment valuations, we continue to employ the net asset valuation policy approved by our board of directors that is consistent with ASC 820-10. Consistent with our valuation policy, our investment adviser evaluates the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading (or any markets in which securities with similar attributes are trading), in determining fair value. Our valuation policy considers the fact that because there is not a readily available market value for most of the investments in our portfolio, the fair value of the investments must typically be determined using unobservable inputs. 
 
 Our portfolio investments (other than as described below in the following paragraph) are typically valued using two different valuation techniques. The first valuation technique is an analysis of the enterprise value EV of the portfolio company. Enterprise value means the entire value of the portfolio company to a market participant, including the sum of the values of debt and equity securities used to capitalize the enterprise at a point in time. The primary method for determining EV uses a multiple analysis whereby appropriate multiples are applied to the portfolio company s EBITDA (generally defined as net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization). EBITDA multiples are typically determined based upon review of market comparable transactions and publicly traded comparable companies, if any. Our investment adviser also may employ other valuation multiples to determine EV, such as revenues or, in the case of certain portfolio companies in the power generation industry, kilowatt capacity. The second method for determining EV uses a discounted cash flow analysis whereby future expected cash flows of the portfolio company are discounted to determine a present value using estimated discount rates (typically a weighted average cost of capital based on costs of debt and equity consistent with current market conditions). The EV analysis is performed to determine the value of equity investments, the value of debt investments in portfolio companies where we have control or could gain control through an option or warrant security, and to determine if there is credit impairment for debt investments. If debt investments are credit impaired, an EV analysis may be used to value such debt investments; however, in addition to the methods outlined above, other methods such as a liquidation or wind-down analysis may be utilized to estimate enterprise value. The second valuation technique is a yield analysis, which is typically performed for non-credit impaired debt investments in portfolio companies where we do not own a 
 94 

controlling equity position. To determine fair value using a yield analysis, a current price is imputed for the investment based upon an assessment of the expected market yield for a similarly structured investment with a similar level of risk. In the yield analysis, our investment adviser considers the current contractual interest rate, the maturity and other terms of the investment relative to the risk of the company and the specific investment. A key determinant of risk, among other things, is the leverage through the investment relative to the enterprise value of the portfolio company. As debt investments held by us are substantially illiquid with no active transaction market, our investment adviser, as the valuation designee, depends on primary market data, including newly funded transactions, as well as secondary market data with respect to high yield debt instruments and syndicated loans, as inputs in determining the appropriate market yield, as applicable. 
 
 For other portfolio investments such as investments in the SDLP Certificates and IHAM, discounted cash flow analysis is the primary technique utilized to determine fair value. Expected future cash flows associated with the investment are discounted to determine a present value using a discount rate that reflects estimated market return requirements. 
 
 See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on our valuation process. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and the valuations of our investment portfolio. Uncertainty with respect to the rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, risks in respect of a failure to increase the U.S. debt ceiling, the war in Ukraine and Russia and health epidemics and pandemics introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility has materially impacted and could continue to materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. For additional information concerning these risks and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Risk Factors General Risk Factors Global economic, political and market conditions, including uncertainty about the financial stability of the United States, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations , Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results and Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Inflation has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our portfolio companies . 
 
 Investment Valuation Risk 
 
 Because there is not a readily available market value for most of the investments in our portfolio, substantially all of our portfolio investments are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our investment adviser, as the valuation designee, subject to the oversight of our board of directors based on, among other things, the input of the independent third-party valuation firms that have been engaged to support the valuation of each portfolio investment without a readily available market quotation at least once during a trailing 12-month period (with certain de minimis exceptions). Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded it. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the valuations currently assigned. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Estimates as well as Notes 2 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information relating to our investment valuation. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates. Because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We are exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates, including the current rising interest rate environment. 
 
 95 

In a prolonged low interest rate environment, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may be compressed, reducing our net income and potentially adversely affecting our operating results. Conversely, in a rising interest rate environment, such difference could potentially increase thereby increasing our net income as indicated per the table below. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 71 of the investments at fair value in our portfolio bore interest and dividends at variable rates (including our investment in the SDLP Certificates which accounted for 6 of our total investments at fair value), 11 bore interest at fixed rates, 9 were non-income producing, 1 were on non-accrual status and 8 was our equity investment in IHAM which generally pays a quarterly dividend. Additionally, excluding our investment in the SDLP Certificates, 92 of the remaining variable rate investments at fair value contained interest rate floors. The Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Funding Facility, the SMBC Funding Facility and the BNP Funding Facility bear interest at variable rates with no interest rate floors. The Unsecured Notes and the 2024 Convertible Notes bear interest at fixed rates. 
 
 We regularly measure our exposure to interest rate risk. We assess interest rate risk and manage our interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing our interest rate sensitive assets to our interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, we determine whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. 

96 

Based on our December 31, 2022 balance sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (in millions) Basis Point Change Interest and Dividend Income Interest Expense Net Income(1) Up 300 basis points 499 112 387 Up 200 basis points 343 75 268 Up 100 basis points 187 37 150 Down 100 basis points (155) (37) (118) Down 200 basis points (308) (75) (233) Down 300 basis points (454) (112) (342) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Excludes the impact of income based fees. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on the income based fees. 
 
 Based on our December 31, 2021 balance sheet, the following table shows the annual impact on net income of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate floors for variable rate instruments) assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (in millions) Basis Point Change Interest and Dividend Income Interest Expense(1) Net Income(2) Up 300 basis points 347 80 267 Up 200 basis points 195 53 142 Up 100 basis points 45 27 18 Down 100 basis points 5 (4) 9 Down 200 basis points 4 (4) 8 Down 300 basis points 6 (4) 10 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes the impact of an interest rate swap as a result of changes in interest rates. 
 
 (2) Excludes the impact of income based fees. See Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for more information on the income based fees. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon that evaluation and subject to the foregoing, our principal executive officer 
 97 

and principal financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to accomplish their objectives at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our consolidated financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would be prevented or detected. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting which is set forth under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on page F-4. 
 
 (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
 
 Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 ITRA and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act, require an issuer to disclose in its annual and quarterly reports whether it or any of its affiliates have knowingly engaged in specified activities or transactions relating to Iran. We are required to include certain disclosures in our periodic reports if we or any of our affiliates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) knowingly engaged in certain specified activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with certain individuals or entities targeted by United States' economic sanctions during the period covered by the report. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. Neither we nor any of our controlled affiliates or subsidiaries knowingly engaged in any of the specified activities relating to Iran or otherwise engaged in any activities associated with Iran during the reporting period. However, because the SEC defines the term affiliate broadly, it includes any person or entity that is under common control with us as well as any entity that controls us or is controlled by us. The description that follows has been provided to us by Ares Management. 
 
 On January 31, 2019, funds and accounts managed by Ares Management s European direct lending strategy (together, the Ares funds collectively acquired a 32 equity stake in Daisy Group Limited Daisy ). Daisy is a provider of communication services to businesses based in the United Kingdom. The Ares funds do not hold a majority equity interest in Daisy and do not have the right to appoint a majority of directors to Daisy s board of directors. 
 
 Subsequent to completion of the Ares funds investment in Daisy, in connection with Ares s routine quarterly survey of its investment funds portfolio companies, Daisy informed the Ares funds that it has customer contracts with Melli Bank Plc. Melli Bank Plc has been designated by the Office of Foreign Assets Control within the U.S. Department of Treasury pursuant to Executive Order 13324. Daisy generated a total of 41,546 in annual revenues in 2021 (less than 0.01 of Daisy s annual revenues) from its dealings with Melli Bank Plc and de minimis net profits. Daisy entered into the customer contracts with Melli Bank Plc prior to the Ares funds investment in Daisy. 
 
 98 

Daisy terminated its contract with Melli Blank Plc on February 26, 2022. Following termination of the contracts, Daisy has not and does not intend to engage in any further dealings or transactions with Melli Bank Plc. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 
 99 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 The information required by this item will be contained in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Stockholder Meeting, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

100 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 
 1. Financial Statements See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page F-1. 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules None. We have omitted financial statement schedules because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes to the financial statements. 
 
 3. Exhibits. 
 
 Number Document 3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement, as amended(1) 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended(2) 4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate(3) 4.2 
 Form of Subscription Certificate(4) 4.3 
 Indenture, dated as of October 21, 2010, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(5) 
 4.4 
 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 10, 2017, relating to the 3.500 Notes due 2023, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(9) 
 4.5 
 Form of 3.500 Notes due 2023(9) 4.6 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 11, 2018, relating to the 4.250 Notes due 2025, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(7) 
 4.7 
 Form of 4.250 Notes due 2025(7) 
 4.8 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 8, 2019, relating to the 4.625 Convertible Notes due 2024, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(8) 
 4.9 
 Form of 4.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2024(8) 
 4.10 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2019, relating to the 4.200 Notes due 2024, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(9) 4.11 
 Form of 4.200 Notes due 2024(9) 
 4.12 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2020, relating to the 3.250 Notes due 2025, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(10) 
 4.13 
 Form of 3.250 Notes due 2025(10) 
 4.14 
 Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 15, 2020, relating to the 3.875 Notes due 2026, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(11) 
 4.15 
 Form of 3.875 Notes due 2026 (11) 
 4.16 
 Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2021, relating to the 2.150 Notes due 2026, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(12) 
 4.17 
 Form of 2.150 Notes due 2026(12) 
 4.18 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 10, 2021, relating to the 2.875 Notes due 2028, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(13) 
 4.19 
 Form of 2.875 Notes due 2028(13) 
 4.20 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 4, 2021, relating to the 3.200 Notes due 2031, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee(14) 
 4.21 
 Form of 3.200 Notes due 2031(14) 
 4.22 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 13, 2022, relating to the 2.875 Notes due 2027, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (15) 
 4.23 
 Form of 2.875 due 2027(15) 
 4.24 
 Description of Securities(16) 
 10.1 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan of Ares Capital Corporation(17) 
 10.2 
 Second Amendment Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between Ares Capital Corporation and Ares Capital Management LLC, dated as of June 6, 2019(19) 
 
 101 

Number Document 10.3 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2007, between Ares Capital Corporation and Ares Operations LLC(19) 
 10.4 
 Amended and Restated Custodian Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2009, between Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association(20) 
 10.5 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 19, 2014, to the Amended and Restated Custodian Agreement dated as of May 15, 2009, by and among Ares Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association(21) 
 10.6 
 Trademark License Agreement between Ares Capital Corporation and Ares Management LLC(22) 
 10.7 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Ares Capital Corporation and directors and certain officers(23) 10.8 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Ares Capital Corporation and members of Ares Capital Management LLC investment committee(23) 
 10.9 
 Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010, among Ares Capital Corporation, as seller, and Ares Capital CP Funding Holdings LLC, as purchaser(24) 10.10 
 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2012, among Ares Capital Corporation, as seller, and Ares Capital CP Funding Holdings LLC, as purchaser(25) 
 10.11 
 Second Tier Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010, among Ares Capital CP Funding Holdings LLC, as seller, and Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as purchaser(26) 
 10.12 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Tier Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2012, among Ares Capital CP Funding Holdings LLC, as seller, and Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as purchaser(25) 
 10.13 
 Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer, Wachovia Bank, National Association, as note purchaser, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent(24) 
 10.14 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2010, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor by merger to Wachovia Bank as note purchaser, U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, as agent(26) 
 10.15 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2011, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as successor by merger to Wachovia Bank as note purchaser, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and collateral custodian, and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent(27) 10.16 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 13, 2011, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and as transferor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor by merger to Wachovia Bank, National Association), as note purchaser, U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, collateral custodian and bank and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent(28) 
 10.17 
 Amendment No. 4 to the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 18, 2012, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor by merger to Wachovia Bank, National Association), as note purchaser, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian, trustee and bank(29) 
 10.18 
 Amendment No. 5 to the Amended and Restated Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2012, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (as successor by merger to Wachovia Bank, National Association), as note purchaser, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian, trustee and bank(25) 
 10.19 
 Amendment No. 6 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 25, 2013, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, and the other lenders party thereto(30) 
 10.20 
 Omnibus Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2014, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, Ares Capital CP Funding Holdings LLC, Ares Capital Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender and as a lender, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, bank and collateral custodian (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010, the Amended and Restated Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010, and the Second Tier Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2010)(31) 
 10.21 
 Amendment No. 8 to the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2017, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as agent, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, and the other lenders party thereto(33) 
 
 102 

Number Document 10.22 
 Amendment No. 9 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2017, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, the Company, as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as swingline lender, as a lender and as a successor agent, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as the resigning agent, Bank of America, N.A. as a lender, U.S. Bank National Association as collateral custodian, trustee and bank, and the other lenders party thereto(33) 
 10.23 
 Amendment No. 10 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2018, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, Ares Capital Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as the agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender and Bank of America, N.A.(34) 
 10.24 
 Amendment No. 11 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2018, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, Ares Capital Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank National Association, as the agent and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender and Bank of America, N.A.(35) 
 10.25 
 Amendment No. 12 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as the borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as the servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender, Bank of America, N.A, as a lender and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, bank and collateral custodian(36) 
 10.26 
 Amendment No. 13 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as the borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as the servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender, Bank of America, N.A, as a lender, TIAA, FSB, as a lender, Sampension Livsforsikring A/S, as a lender, Arkitekternes Pensionskasse, as a lender, Pensionskassen for Jordbrugsakademikere og Dyrl ger, as a lender and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, bank and collateral custodian(37) 
 10.27 
 Amendment No. 14 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2020, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, the Company, as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender, and Bank of America, N.A., as a lender, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, bank and collateral custodian(33) 
 10.28 
 Amendment No. 15 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2021, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as borrower, the Company as servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as agent, the lenders named therein, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, bank and collateral custodian(38) 
 10.29 
 Amendment No. 16 to Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, among Ares Capital CP Funding LLC, as the borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as the servicer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the agent, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a lender, Bank of America, N.A, as a lender, Sampension Livsforsikring A/S, as a lender, Arkitekternes Pensionskasse, as a lender, Pensionskassen for Jordbrugsakademikere og Dyrl ger, as a lender, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, as a lender, U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and U.S. Bank National Association, as bank and collateral custodian(39) 10.30 
 Thirteenth Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, among Ares Capital Corporation, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent(40) 
 10.31 
 Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, collateral agent and lender, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank(41) 10.32 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012, between Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as purchaser, and Ares Capital Corporation, as seller(41) 
 10.33 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, among ARCC FB Funding LLC, as the borrower, BNP Paribas, as the administrative agent, Ares Capital Corporation as equity holder and servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent(42) 
 10.34 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020, between ARCC FB Funding LLC, as the purchaser and Ares Capital Corporation, as the seller(42) 
 10.35 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 21, 2020, among ARCC FB Funding LLC, as the borrower, BNP Paribas, as the administrative agent, Ares Capital Corporation as equity holder and servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association as collateral agent(43) 
 10.36 
 Second Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2021, among ARCC FB Funding LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent and lender, Ares Capital Corporation, as equityholder and servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent(44) 
 
 103 

Number Document 10.37 
 Third Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 17, 2022, among ARCC FB Funding LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent and lender, Ares Capital Corporation, as equityholder and servicer, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as collateral agent 10.38 
 Fourth Amendment to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of January 9, 2023, among ARCC FB Funding LLC, as borrower, the lenders from time to time parties thereto, BNP Paribas, as administrative agent and lender, Ares Capital Corporation, as equityholder and servicer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent 10.39 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated as of September 14, 2012, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012, and the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(45) 
 10.40 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated as of December 20, 2013, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012, and the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(46) 
 10.41 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 3, dated as of June 30, 2015, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012, and the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(47) 
 10.42 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 4, dated as of August 24, 2017, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(48) 
 10.43 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 5, dated as of September 12, 2018, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(49) 
 10.44 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 6, dated as of September 10, 2019, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012 and the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(50) 
 10.45 
 Omnibus Amendment No. 7, dated as of December 31, 2019, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012 and the Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(51) 10.46 
 Amendment No. 8, dated as of May 28, 2021, among Ares Capital JB Funding LLC, as borrower, Ares Capital Corporation, as servicer and transferor, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as administrative agent, lender and collateral agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral custodian and bank (amending the Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2012)(52) 10.47 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, among Ares Capital Corporation, Ares Capital Management LLC, Ares Operations LLC and Regions Securities LLC(53) 10.48 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, among Ares Capital Corporation, Ares Capital Management LLC, Ares Operations LLC and Truist Securities, Inc.(53) 10.49 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2022, among Ares Capital Corporation, Ares Capital Management LLC, Ares Operations LLC and SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc.(53) 11.1 
 Statement of Computation of Per Share Earnings(54) 14.1 
 Code of Ethics(55) 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Ares Capital Corporation 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 104 

Number Document 31.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 99.1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 ________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00663), for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 filed on April 26, 2022. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 12, 2019. (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d) to the Company s pre effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N 2 (File No. 333 114656), filed on September 28, 2004. (4) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(4) to the Company s pre effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N-2 (File No. 333-149139), filed on April 9, 2008. (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on October 22, 2010. (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on August 10, 2017. (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 11, 2018. (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on March 8, 2019. (9) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on June 10, 2019. (10) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on January 15, 2020. (11) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed July 15, 2020. (12) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 13, 2021. (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on June 10, 2021. (14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on November 4, 2021. (15) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 13, 2022. (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663) for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed on February 12, 2020. (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663) for the year ended December 31, 2018, filed on February 12, 2019. (18) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on June 7, 2019. (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00663) for the quarter ended June 30, 2007, filed on August 9, 2007. (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (j) to the Company s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N-2 (File No. 333-158211), filed on May 28, 2009. 
 105 

(21) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663) for the year ended December 31, 2014, filed on February 26, 2015. (22) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(K)(3) to the Company s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N-2 (File No. 333-114656), filed on September 17, 2004. (23) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits (k)(3) and (k)(4), as applicable, to the Company s Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N-2 (File No. 333-188175), filed on April 26, 2013. (24) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.2 through 10.4, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 25, 2010. (25) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 through 10.3, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-0663), filed on June 8, 2012. (26) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00663) for the quarter ended March 30, 2010, filed on May 10, 2010. (27) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 19, 2011. (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on October 14, 2011. (29) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 19, 2012. (30) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 28, 2013. (31) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on May 15, 2014. (32) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 4, 2017. (33) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.22 and 10.27 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663) for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on February 9, 2022. (34) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on October 3, 2018. (35) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on December 17, 2018. (36) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on June 19, 2019. (37) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on February 3, 2020. (38) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on January 3, 2022. (39) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on July 1, 2022. (40) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on April 5, 2022. (41) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 24, 2012. (42) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, as applicable, to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on June 16, 2020. (43) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company s Form 10-K (File No. 814-00663), for the year ended December 30, 2020, filed on February 10, 2021. (44) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on July 1, 2021. (45) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on September 17, 2012. (46) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on December 23, 2013. (47) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on July 1, 2015. (48) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on August 28, 2017. (49) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on September 13, 2018. (50) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on September 10, 2019. (51) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on January 2, 2020. (52) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 and 10.2 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 814-00663), filed on May 28, 2021. 
 106 

(53) Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3 to the Company s Form 8 K (File No. 814 00663), filed on May 27, 2022. (54) Included in Note 10 to the Company s Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. (55) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (r) to the Registrant s pre-effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form N-2 (File No. 333-212142), filed on June 14, 2017. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 107 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 6 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 114 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 and 20 20 
 F- 115 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 116 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Ares Capital Corporation: 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ares Capital Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Such procedures also included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 by correspondence with custodians, portfolio companies, agents, or other appropriate audit procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 T he critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Fair value of investments 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, consistent with the Company s valuation policy and in consideration of the fact that there is not a readily available market value for most of the investments in the Company s portfolio, the Company measures substantially all of its investments at fair value using unobservable inputs and assumptions. 
 We identified the evaluation of the fair value of investments as a critical audit matter. Due to inherent estimation uncertainty, assessment of the Company s judgments regarding the use of specific valuation assumptions involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of investments. In particular, the Company made judgments relating to market yields used in yield analyses for debt and other interest-bearing investments, market multiples used in determining enterprise values, and discount rates used in discounted cash flow analyses. Additionally, specialized skills and knowledge were required to evaluate these assumptions. 
 F-2 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company's process to measure the fair value of its investments. These included controls related to the development of the market yield, market multiples, and discount rate assumptions used in the Company s valuations. We also evaluated the Company s ability to estimate fair value by comparing a selection of prior period fair values to transaction prices of transactions occurring subsequent to the prior period valuation date. To assess management s use of the market yield, market multiples, and discount rate assumptions to measure fair value of its investments, for a selection of investments, we assessed these assumptions by using third-party market and industry data. For a selection of the Company s investments, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 developing a range of market yields, market multiples, and discount rate assumptions using market information and comparing them to the assumptions used by the Company. 
 evaluating the Company s estimate of fair value by developing an independent estimate of fair value based upon independently developed ranges for market yields, market multiples, and discount rate assumptions. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 7, 2023 

F-3 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Ares Capital Corporation: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Ares Capital Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated February 7, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, 
 or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Los Angeles, California 
 February 7, 2023 
 F-4 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Investments at fair value Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments Non-controlled affiliate company investments Controlled affiliate company investments Total investments at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Interest receivable Receivable for open trades Other assets Operating lease right-of-use asset Total assets LIABILITIES Debt Base management fees payable Income based fees payable Capital gains incentive fees payable Interest and facility fees payable Payable to participants Payable for open trades Accounts payable and other liabilities Secured borrowings Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 7) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock, par value per share, and common shares authorized, respectively; and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Accumulated (overdistributed) undistributed earnings ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity NET ASSETS PER SHARE 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 INVESTMENT INCOME: From non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments: Interest income (excluding payment-in-kind PIK interest income) PIK interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Total investment income from non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments From non-controlled affiliate company investments: Interest income (excluding PIK interest income) PIK interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Total investment income from non-controlled affiliate company investments From controlled affiliate company investments: Interest income (excluding PIK interest income) PIK interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Total investment income from controlled affiliate company investments Total investment income EXPENSES: Interest and credit facility fees Base management fees Income based fees Capital gains incentive fees ) ) Administrative fees Other general and administrative Total expenses NET INVESTMENT INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income tax expense, including excise tax NET INVESTMENT INCOME REALIZED AND UNREALIZED GAINS (LOSSES) ON INVESTMENTS, FOREIGN CURRENCY AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS: Net realized gains (losses): Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments ) Non-controlled affiliate company investments Controlled affiliate company investments ) ) Foreign currency and other transactions ) Net realized gains (losses) ) Net unrealized gains (losses): Non-controlled/non-affiliate company investments ) ) Non-controlled affiliate company investments ) ) Controlled affiliate company investments Foreign currency and other transactions ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) ) REALIZED LOSS ON EXTINGUISHMENT OF DEBT ) ) NET INCREASE IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS NET INCOME PER COMMON SHARE (see Note 10) Basic Diluted WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK OUTSTANDING (see Note 10) Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-6 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Software Services 2U, Inc. Provider of course design and learning management system to educational institutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 12/2024 (2)(6)(11) AffiniPay Midco, LLC and AffiniPay Intermediate Holdings, LLC (15) Payment processing solution provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 6/2022 6/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 2/2020 6/2028 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 2/2020 6/2030 (2)(11) Anaplan, Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based connected planning platforms for business analytics First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 6/2022 6/2029 (2)(11) Anaqua Parent Holdings, Inc. Astorg VII Co-Invest Anaqua (15) Provider of intellectual property management lifecycle software First lien senior secured loan Euribor (S) 4/2019 4/2026 (2) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 6/2021 4/2026 (2)(11) Limited partnership units 6/2019 (2)(6) APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC (4)(15) Aircraft performance software provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 1/2020 1/2025 (2)(11) Class A membership Units 1/2020 (2) Appriss Health, LLC and Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (15) Software platform for identification, prevention and management of substance use disorder First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 5/2021 5/2027 (2)(11) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 5/2021 (2) Apptio, Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based technology business management solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2019 1/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2019 1/2025 (2)(11) Avalara, Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based solutions for transaction tax compliance worldwide First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) Avetta, LLC (15) Supply chain risk management SaaS platform for global enterprise clients First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 4/2024 (2)(11) AxiomSL Group, Inc. and Calypso Group, Inc. (15) Provider of risk data management and regulatory reporting software First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Banyan Software Holdings, LLC and Banyan Software, LP (15) Vertical software businesses holding company First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2020 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 10/2026 (2)(11) 
 7 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2020 10/2026 (2)(11) Preferred units 1/2022 (2) Borrower R365 Holdings LLC (15) Provider of restaurant enterprise resource planning systems First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 1/2022 6/2027 (2)(11) Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (15) Provider of payment automation solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 5/2022 5/2029 (2)(11) Businessolver.com, Inc. (15) Provider of SaaS-based benefits solutions for employers and employees First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) CallMiner, Inc. Provider of cloud-based conversational analytics solutions Warrant to purchase shares of Series 1 preferred stock 7/2014 7/2024 Cardinal Parent, Inc. and Packers Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of software and technology-enabled content and analytical solutions to insurance brokers First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(11) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 (2) Series A-2 preferred shares PIK 
 LIBOR (Q) 12/2020 (2) Series A-3 preferred shares PIK 
 11/2021 (2) Community Brands ParentCo, LLC (15) Software and payment services provider to non-profit institutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 2/2022 2/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2016 (2) Computer Services, Inc. Infrastructure software provider to community banks First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 11/2029 (2)(11) Consilio Midco Limited, Compusoft US LLC, and Consilio Investment Holdings, L.P. (15) Provider of sales software for the interior design industry First lien senior secured revolving loan EURIBOR (Q) 11/2021 5/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 5/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2021 5/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 11/2021 5/2028 (2)(6) Common units 5/2021 (2)(6) Series A common units 9/2022 (2)(6) CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP (15) Provider of information, insight, analytics, software and other outsourced services primarily to the mortgage, real estate and insurance sectors Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2021 6/2029 (2)(11) Limited partnership units 4/2021 (2) 
 F-8 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Cority Software Inc., Cority Software (USA) Inc., and Cority Parent, Inc. (15) Provider of environmental, health and safety software to track compliance data First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2019 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2020 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2019 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) Preferred equity PIK 
 7/2019 (2)(6) Common equity 7/2019 (2)(6) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. and Sunshine Software Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of a cloud-based, SaaS platform for talent management First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2026 (2)(14) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(11) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 10/2021 (2) Class A-1 common stock 10/2021 (2) Datix Bidco Limited Global healthcare software company that provides software solutions for patient safety and risk management First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 11/2022 4/2025 (2)(6) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 11/2022 4/2026 (2)(6) Dcert Buyer, Inc., DCert Preferred Holdings, Inc. and Destiny Digital Holdings, L.P. Provider of internet security tools and solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 5/2022 10/2026 (2) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 5/2022 2/2029 (2) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 5/2021 (2) Series A units 5/2021 (2) Denali Holdco LLC and Denali Apexco LP (15) Provider of cybersecurity audit and assessment services First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2022 9/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 9/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 2/2022 (2) Diligent Corporation and Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. (15) Provider of secure SaaS solutions for board and leadership team documents First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 8/2020 8/2025 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2020 8/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2021 8/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2021 8/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 8/2025 (2)(11) Preferred stock PIK 
 4/2021 (2) 
 F-9 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. and Titan DI Preferred Holdings, Inc. SaaS based business analytics company focused on oil and gas industry Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 2/2020 7/2026 (2) Preferred stock PIK 
 2/2020 (2) DS Admiral Bidco, LLC (15) Tax return software provider for government institutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2021 3/2028 (2)(11) Dye Durham Corporation (15) Provider of cloud-based software and technology solutions for the legal industry First lien senior secured revolving loan CDOR (M) 12/2021 12/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(6)(11) Elemica Parent, Inc. EZ Elemica Holdings, Inc. (15) SaaS based supply chain management software provider focused on chemical markets First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 9/2019 9/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2019 9/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2019 9/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 9/2025 (2)(11) Preferred equity 9/2019 (2) EP Purchaser, LLC and TPG VIII EP Co-Invest II, L.P. Provider of entertainment workforce and production management solutions Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2029 (2)(11) Partnership units 5/2019 (2)(6) EpiServer Inc. and Episerver Sweden Holdings AB (15) Provider of web content management and digital commerce solutions First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 3/2019 4/2026 (2)(6) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 4/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2018 4/2026 (2)(6)(11) eResearch Technology, Inc. and Astorg VII Co-Invest ERT (15) Provider of mission-critical, software-enabled clinical research solutions Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 2/2028 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 2/2020 2/2028 (2)(11) Limited partnership interest 1/2020 (2)(6) ESHA Research, LLC and RMCF VI CIV XLVIII, L.P. (15) Provider of nutritional information and software as a services (SaaS) compliance solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 6/2028 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 6/2022 Extrahop Networks, Inc. (15) Provider of real-time wire data analytics solutions for application and infrastructure monitoring First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) 
 F-10 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First Insight, Inc. Software company providing merchandising and pricing solutions to companies worldwide Warrant to purchase units of Series C preferred stock 3/2014 3/2024 FM:Systems Group, LLC (15) Provider of facilities and space management software solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 6/2021 12/2024 (2)(11) Forescout Technologies, Inc. (15) Network access control solutions provider First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 8/2020 8/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 LIBOR (Q) 7/2022 8/2026 (2)(11) Genesis Acquisition Co. and Genesis Ultimate Holding Co. (15) Child care management software and services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (S) 7/2018 7/2024 (2) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 7/2018 7/2024 (2) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 7/2024 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2018 7/2025 (2) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 7/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 7/2025 (2) Class A common stock 7/2018 (2) GI Ranger Intermediate LLC (15) Provider of payment processing services and software to healthcare providers First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) GraphPAD Software, LLC, Insightful Science Intermediate I, LLC and Insightful Science Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of data analysis, statistics, and visualization software solutions for scientific research applications First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2017 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 4/2021 4/2032 (2) Preferred units PIK 
 4/2021 GSV PracticeTek Holdings, LLC Software provider for medical practitioners Class A units PIK 
 3/2021 (2) Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC (15) Provider of construction software First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 11/2028 (2)(11) 
 F-11 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Huskies Parent, Inc., GI Insurity Parent LLC and GI Insurity TopCo LP (15) Insurance software provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2028 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 11/2021 11/2031 (2) Common units 11/2021 (2) Imprivata, Inc. Provider of identity and access management solutions to the healthcare industry Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 4/2022 12/2028 (2)(11) Inmar, Inc. Technology-driven solutions provider for retailers, wholesalers and manufacturers Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2017 5/2025 (2)(11) IQN Holding Corp. (15) Provider of extended workforce management software First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2029 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2029 (2)(11) IV Rollover Holdings, LLC Provider of cloud based IT solutions, infrastructure and services Class B units 5/2017 Class X units 5/2017 (2) Kaseya Inc. and Knockout Intermediate Holdings I Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based software and technology solutions for small and medium sized businesses First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 6/2029 (2)(11) Preferred stock PIK 
 6/2022 (2) LeanTaaS Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of SaaS tools to optimize healthcare asset utilization First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2022 7/2028 (2)(11) Majesco and Magic Topco, L.P. (15) Insurance software provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2020 9/2027 (2)(11) Class A units PIK 
 9/2020 (2) Class B units 9/2020 Mimecast Borrowerco, Inc. and Magnesium Co- Invest SCSp (15) Cybersecurity solutions provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 5/2022 5/2029 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SONIA (Q) 5/2022 5/2029 (2)(6)(11) Limited partnership interest 5/2022 (2)(6) Ministry Brands Holdings, LLC and RCP MB Investments B, L.P. (15) Software and payment services provider to faith-based institutions First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2028 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 12/2021 (2) 
 F-12 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Mitchell International, Inc. Provider of technology, connectivity, and information solutions to the property and casualty insurance industry Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(11)(18) Moonraker AcquisitionCo LLC and Moonraker HoldCo LLC (15) Leading technology solution provider for casing and auditioning to the entertainment industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 8/2022 8/2028 (2)(11) Class A units PIK 
 8/2022 MRI Software LLC (15) Provider of real estate and investment management software First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2020 2/2026 (11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2020 2/2026 (2)(11) OpenMarket Inc. Provider of cloud-based mobile engagement platform First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 9/2026 (2)(6)(11) Paya, Inc and GTCR-Ultra Holdings LLC (15) Provider of payment processing and merchant acquiring solutions Class B units 8/2017 (2) PayNearMe, Inc. Electronic cash payment system provider Warrant to purchase shares of Series E preferred stock 3/2016 3/2023 PDDS HoldCo, Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based dental practice management software First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2022 7/2028 (2)(11) PDI TA Holdings, Inc., Peachtree Parent, Inc. and Insight PDI Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of enterprise management software for the convenience retail and petroleum wholesale market First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2019 10/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2019 10/2024 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2019 10/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 10/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2020 10/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 10/2025 (2)(11) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 3/2019 (2) Class A units 3/2019 (2) Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC, Mekone Blocker Acquisition, Inc. and Mekone Parent, LLC (15) Provider of plant maintenance and scheduling software First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2020 5/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2020 5/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2019 5/2025 (2)(11) Class A units 5/2019 
 F-13 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Petvisor Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of veterinarian-focused SaaS solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 6/2022 6/2028 (2)(11) Ping Identity Holding Corp. (15) Provider of identity and access management solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 10/2022 10/2029 (2)(11) Pluralsight, Inc. (15) Online education learning platform First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) Poplicus Incorporated Business intelligence and market analytics platform for companies that sell to the public sector Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 6/2015 6/2025 ProfitSolv Purchaser, Inc. and PS Co-Invest, L.P. (15) Provider of practice management software to law firms First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2021 3/2027 (2)(11) Limited partnership units 3/2021 (2) Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. and Qlik Parent, Inc. Provider of data visualization software for data analytics First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2022 4/2024 (2)(18) Class A common stock 8/2016 (2) Class B common stock 8/2016 (2) Project Essential Bidco, Inc. and Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. (15) Saas provider of automated crew callout and scheduling software for the utility industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2028 (2)(11) Preferred shares PIK 
 LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 (2) Project Potter Buyer, LLC and Project Potter Parent, L.P. (15) Software solutions provider to the ready-mix concrete industry First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 4/2020 4/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 4/2020 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2020 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 10/2020 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2020 4/2027 (2)(11) Class B units 4/2020 (2) Proofpoint, Inc. (15) Cybersecurity solutions provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 8/2028 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 8/2029 (2)(11) QF Holdings, Inc. (15) SaaS based electronic health record software provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 9/2019 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2020 12/2027 (2)(11) 
 F-14 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Raptor Technologies, LLC, Sycamore Bidco LTD and Rocket Parent, LLC (15) Provider of SaaS-based safety and security software to the K-12 school market First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(6)(11) Class A common units 12/2018 RealPage, Inc. Provider of enterprise software solutions to the residential real estate industry Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 4/2029 (2)(11) Regent Education, Inc. Provider of software solutions designed to optimize the financial aid and enrollment processes Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 12/2016 12/2026 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 12/2016 12/2026 Relativity ODA LLC (15) Electronic discovery document review software platform for use in litigations and investigations First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 LIBOR (M) 5/2021 5/2027 (2)(11) Revalize, Inc. (15) Develops and operates software providing configuration, price and quote capabilities for sales teams First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 4/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 4/2027 (2) RMS HoldCo II, LLC RMS Group Holdings, Inc. (15) Developer of revenue cycle management solutions, process automation, analytics and integration for the healthcare industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A common stock 12/2021 (2) Smarsh Inc. and Skywalker TopCo, LLC (15) SaaS based communication archival service provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 2/2022 2/2029 (2)(11) Common units 11/2020 (2) SocialFlow, Inc. Social media optimization platform provider Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 1/2016 1/2026 Sophia, L.P. Provider of ERP software and services for higher education institutions Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2020 10/2028 (2)(11) SoundCloud Limited Platform for receiving, sending, and distributing music Common stock 8/2017 (2)(6) Spirit RR Holdings, Inc. and Winterfell Co-Invest SCSp (15) Provider of data, analytics, news, and workflow tools to customers in the counter-cyclical distressed debt space First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 9/2028 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 9/2022 (2) 
 F-15 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Stamps.com Inc. Provider of mailing and shipping solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) Storable, Inc. and EQT IX Co-Investment (E) SCSP PMS solutions and web services for the self-storage industry Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 4/2021 4/2029 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 3/2022 4/2029 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 4/2021 (2)(6) Sundance Group Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of cloud-based document management and collaboration solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 7/2027 (2)(11) Tamarack Intermediate, L.L.C. and Tamarack Parent, L.L.C. (15) Provider of environment, health, safety, and sustainability software First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 3/2022 3/2028 (11) Class A-2 units 3/2022 TCP Hawker Intermediate LLC (15) Workforce management solutions provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 8/2019 8/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2019 8/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2020 8/2026 (2)(11) TibCo Software Inc., Picard Parent, Inc., Picard MidCo, Inc., Picard HoldCo, LLC and Elliott Alto Co-Investor Aggregator L.P. (15) Provider of server, application and desktop virtualization, networking, software as a service, and cloud computing technologies First lien senior secured notes 9/2022 3/2029 (2)(18) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 3/2029 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 9/2029 (2)(11) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 9/2022 (2) Limited partnership interests 9/2022 (2) UKG Inc. and H F Unite Partners, L.P. (15) Provider of cloud based HCM solutions for businesses First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 5/2019 2/2026 (2)(6)(14) Limited partnership interests 5/2019 (2)(6) WebPT, Inc. (15) Electronic medical record software provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2019 1/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2019 1/2028 (2)(11) 
 F-16 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Wellness AcquisitionCo, Inc. (15) Provider of retail consumer insights and analytics for manufacturers and retailers in the natural, organic and specialty products industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2021 1/2027 (2)(11) WorkWave Intermediate II, LLC (15) Provider of cloud-based field services and fleet management solutions First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2022 6/2027 (2)(11) ZenDesk, Inc., Zoro TopCo, Inc. and Zoro TopCo, LP (15) Provider of cloud-based customer support solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 11/2028 (2)(11) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 11/2022 (2) Class A common units 11/2022 (2) Diversified Financials AQ Sage Buyer, LLC (15) Provider of actuarial consulting and comprehensive wealth management services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 5/2022 1/2027 (2)(6)(11) BCC Blueprint Holdings I, LLC and BCC Blueprint Investments, LLC Provider of comprehensive suite of investment management and wealth planning solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 9/2027 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 9/2021 9/2026 (2) Common units 9/2021 (2) Beacon Pointe Harmony, LLC (15) Provider of comprehensive wealth management services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2021 12/2028 (2)(6)(11) Convera International Holdings Limited and Convera International Financial S.A R.L. (15) Provider of B2B international payment and FX risk management solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(6)(11) CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC (15) Mortgage company originating loans in the retail and consumer direct channels First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(11) DFC Global Facility Borrower III LLC (15) Non-bank provider of alternative financial services First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 6/2021 6/2026 (2)(6)(9)(11) eCapital Finance Corp. Consolidator of commercial finance businesses Senior subordinated loan SOFR (M) 4/2022 12/2025 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan SOFR (M) 1/2020 12/2025 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan SOFR (M) 1/2022 12/2025 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan SOFR (M) 11/2020 12/2025 (2)(11) EP Wealth Advisors, LLC (15) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 9/2026 (2)(11) 
 F-17 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2021 9/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2020 9/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2020 9/2026 (2)(11) HighTower Holding, LLC Provider of investment, financial and retirement planning services Senior subordinated loan 6/2022 4/2029 (2)(6)(18) Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. (5) Asset management services Subordinated revolving loan SOFR (Q) 2/2018 1/2030 (6)(11) Member interest 6/2009 (6) Lido Advisors, LLC (15) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) LS DE LLC and LM LSQ Investors LLC Asset based lender Senior subordinated loan 6/2017 6/2021 (2)(6) Senior subordinated loan 6/2015 3/2024 (2)(6) Membership units 6/2015 (6) Monica Holdco (US) Inc. (15) Investment technology and advisory firm First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2021 1/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2021 1/2028 (2)(11) Petrus Buyer, Inc. (15) Provider of REIT research data and analytics First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 10/2029 (2)(11) Priority Holdings, LLC and Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Provider of merchant acquiring and payment processing solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(6)(11) Senior preferred stock PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 (2)(6) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 4/2021 4/2031 (2)(6)(18) Rialto Management Group, LLC (15) Investment and asset management platform focused on real estate First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2018 12/2025 (6)(13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2018 12/2025 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2025 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 12/2025 (2)(6)(11) TA/WEG Holdings, LLC (15) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 8/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 11/2020 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 10/2019 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 6/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) The Edelman Financial Center, LLC Provider of investment, financial and retirement planning services Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 9/2022 7/2026 (2)(6)(18) 
 F-18 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets The Mather Group, LLC, TVG-TMG Topco, Inc., and TVG-TMG Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of comprehensive wealth management services First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(6)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 3/2022 3/2029 (2)(6) Series A preferred units 3/2022 (2)(6) Common units 3/2022 (6) The Ultimus Group Midco, LLC, The Ultimus Group, LLC, and The Ultimus Group Aggregator, LP (15) Provider of asset-servicing capabilities for fund managers First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2019 2/2026 (2)(11) Class A units PIK 
 9/2019 Class A units 2/2019 Class B units 2/2019 Class B units 2/2019 Waverly Advisors, LLC (15) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(6)(11) Health Care Services Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC (5)(15) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Base Rate (Q) 6/2021 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2024 (2)(11) Class A common units 6/2021 (2) ADG, LLC and RC IV GEDC Investor LLC (15) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 9/2016 9/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Base Rate (M) 9/2016 9/2023 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 LIBOR (M) 9/2016 3/2024 (2)(11) Membership units 9/2016 Advarra Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of central institutional review boards over clinical trials First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2029 (2)(11) AHR Funding Holdings, Inc. and AHR Parent Holdings, LP Provider of revenue cycle management solutions to hospitals Series A preferred shares PIK 
 7/2022 7/2028 (2) Preferred units PIK 
 7/2022 (2) Class B common units 7/2022 (2) 
 F-19 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets AthenaHealth Group Inc., Minerva Holdco, Inc. and BCPE Co-Invest (A), LP (15) Revenue cycle management provider to the physician practices and acute care hospitals Series A preferred stock PIK 
 2/2022 (2) Class A units 2/2022 (2) BAART Programs, Inc., MedMark Services, Inc., and Canadian Addiction Treatment Centres LP (15) Opiod treatment provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 6/2027 (2)(11) Bambino Group Holdings, LLC Dental services provider Class A preferred units 12/2016 (2) CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. (15) Correctional facility healthcare operator First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2018 10/2023 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2018 10/2025 (2)(18) Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC (15) Autism treatment and services provider specializing in applied behavior analysis therapy First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2018 11/2023 (2)(10)(14) First lien senior secured revolving loan 1/2022 11/2023 (2)(10)(14) First lien senior secured loan 10/2022 10/2023 (2)(10) First lien senior secured loan 12/2022 10/2023 (2)(10) Color Intermediate, LLC Provider of pre-payment integrity software solution First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2029 (2)(11) Comprehensive EyeCare Partners, LLC (15) Vision care practice management company First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 2/2018 2/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2018 2/2024 (2)(11) Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare workforce management software provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2019 9/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 9/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2022 9/2026 (2)(6)(11) Crown CT Parent Inc., Crown CT HoldCo Inc. and Crown CT Management LLC (15) Provider of medical devices and services for the treatment of positional plagiocephaly First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2029 (2)(11) Class A shares 3/2022 (2) Common units 3/2022 (2) CVP Holdco, Inc. and OMERS Wildcats Investment Holdings LLC (15) Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2022 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2019 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2022 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 10/2025 (2)(11) Common stock 10/2019 (2) 
 F-20 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Ensemble RCM, LLC Provider of technology-enabled revenue cycle management services to the health care industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 4/2022 8/2026 (2)(11) Evolent Health LLC Medical technology company focused on value based care services and payment solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2027 (2)(6)(11) Explorer Investor, Inc (15) Provider of outsourced employee staffing services to the life sciences and healthcare industries First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 6/2029 (2)(11) GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation, Commerce Parent, Inc. and Commerce Topco, LLC (15) On-demand supply chain automation solutions provider to the healthcare industry Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2021 5/2029 (2)(11) Class A units 6/2017 (2) Global Medical Response, Inc. and GMR Buyer Corp. Emergency air medical services provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2022 3/2025 (2)(11)(18) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2022 10/2025 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(11) Warrant to purchase units of common stock 3/2018 3/2028 (2) Warrant to purchase units of common stock 12/2021 12/2031 (2) Hanger, Inc. Provider of orthotic and prosthetic equipment and services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 10/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 10/2022 10/2029 (2)(11) HealthEdge Software, Inc. (15) Provider of financial, administrative and clinical software platforms to the healthcare industry First lien senior secured revolving loan 12/2021 4/2026 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 4/2026 (2)(11) Honor Technology, Inc. Nursing and home care provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2021 8/2026 (2)(11) Warrant to purchase shares of series D-2 preferred stock 8/2021 8/2031 (2) JDC Healthcare Management, LLC (15) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan 4/2017 4/2024 (2)(10) First lien senior secured loan 4/2017 4/2024 (2)(10) KBHS Acquisition, LLC (d/b/a Alita Care, LLC) (15) Provider of behavioral health services First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 3/2017 3/2024 (2)(11) Lifescan Global Corporation Provider of blood glucose monitoring systems for home and hospital use First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 10/2024 (2) 
 F-21 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 10/2025 (2) Medline Borrower, LP (15) Manufacturer and distributor of medical supplies First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2021 10/2026 (13) Napa Management Services Corporation and ASP NAPA Holdings, LLC Anesthesia management services provider Senior preferred units PIK 
 6/2020 (2) Preferred units PIK 
 6/2020 (2) Class A units 4/2016 (2) NMN Holdings III Corp. and NMN Holdings LP (15) Provider of complex rehabilitation technology solutions for patients with mobility loss First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 11/2018 11/2023 (2)(14) Partnership units 11/2018 (2) Olympia Acquisition, Inc., Olympia TopCo, L.P., and Asclepius Holdings LLC (5)(15) Behavioral health and special education platform provider First lien senior secured loan 9/2019 2/2027 (10) First lien senior secured loan 2/2022 2/2027 (2)(10) Preferred stock 2/2022 Preferred units 7/2021 4/2024 Common units 2/2022 Class A common units 9/2019 OMH-HealthEdge Holdings, LLC Revenue cycle management provider to the healthcare industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2019 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2021 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2022 10/2025 (2)(11) Pathway Vet Alliance LLC and Jedi Group Holdings LLC (15) Veterinary hospital operator Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2020 3/2028 (2)(11) Class R common units 3/2020 (2) PetVet Care Centers, LLC Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 6/2022 2/2025 (2)(11) Premise Health Holding Corp. and OMERS Bluejay Investment Holdings LP (15) Provider of employer-sponsored onsite health and wellness clinics and pharmacies First lien senior secured revolving loan 7/2018 4/2025 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2018 7/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 7/2018 7/2026 (2) Class A units 7/2018 (2) Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. Provider of care coordination and transition management software solutions Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2021 3/2029 (2)(11) 
 F-22 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets RTI Surgical, Inc. and Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc. (15) Manufacturer of biologic, metal and synthetic implants/devices First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 7/2020 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 7/2020 7/2026 (2)(11) SiroMed Physician Services, Inc. and SiroMed Equity Holdings, LLC (15) Outsourced anesthesia provider First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2018 3/2024 (2)(11) Common units 3/2018 (2) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. and SM Holdco, Inc. (15) Breast cancer screening provider Series A units 8/2018 (2) Series B units 8/2018 (2) SOC Telemed, Inc. and PSC Spark Holdings, LP Provider of acute care telemedicine First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2027 (2)(11) Class A-2 units 8/2022 (2) Warrant to purchase Class A-2 units 8/2022 8/2029 (2) Symplr Software Inc. and Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (15) SaaS based healthcare compliance platform provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 12/2020 12/2025 (2) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 12/2028 (2)(11) Series C-1 preferred shares PIK 
 6/2021 (2) Series C-2 preferred shares PIK 
 6/2021 (2) Series C-3 preferred shares PIK 
 10/2021 (2) Synergy HomeCare Franchising, LLC and NP/Synergy Holdings, LLC (15) Franchisor of private-pay home care for the elderly First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 4/2018 4/2026 (2)(11) Common units 4/2018 Tempus Labs, Inc. Provider of technology enabled precision medicine solutions First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 9/2027 (2)(11) Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Provider of software solutions for the mental and behavioral health market segments Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2021 5/2029 (2)(11) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. and Touchstone Holding, L.P. Manufacturer of consumable products in the dental, medical, cosmetic and consumer/industrial end-markets Class A preferred units PIK 
 11/2018 (2) U.S. Anesthesia Partners, Inc. U.S. Anesthesia Partners Holdings, Inc. Anesthesiology service provider Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(11) Common stock 12/2021 (2) 
 F-23 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets United Digestive MSO Parent, LLC (15) Gastroenterology physician group First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 2/2022 12/2024 (2)(11) Viant Medical Holdings, Inc. Manufacturer of plastic and rubber components for health care equipment First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 5/2022 7/2025 (2)(18) VPP Intermediate Holdings, LLC and VPP Group Holdings, L.P. (15) Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A-2 units 12/2021 (2) WSHP FC Acquisition LLC and WSHP FC Holdings LLC (15) Provider of biospecimen products for pharma research First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 3/2018 3/2028 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2018 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2019 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2019 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2019 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2021 3/2028 (2)(11) Common units 7/2022 Commercial Professional Services Accommodations Plus Technologies LLC and Accommodations Plus Technologies Holdings LLC (15) Provider of outsourced crew accommodations and logistics management solutions to the airline industry First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 5/2018 5/2024 (2)(11) Class A common units 5/2018 Aero Operating LLC Provider of snow removal and melting service for airports and marine terminals First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2020 2/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2021 2/2026 (2)(11) AI Fire Buyer, Inc. and AI Fire Parent LLC (15) Provider of fire safety and life safety services First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 3/2021 3/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2021 3/2027 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 3/2021 9/2027 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 5/2022 9/2027 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2022 9/2027 (2)(11) Common units 3/2021 (2) 
 F-24 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Applied Technical Services, LLC (15) Provider engineering, testing, and inspection services to various industrial, commercial and consumer customers First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 5/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) Argenbright Holdings V, LLC and Amberstone Security Group Limited (15) Provider of outsourced security guard services, outsourced facilities management and outsourced aviation services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2021 11/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 11/2026 (2)(6)(11) BH-Sharp Holdings LP Provider of commercial knife sharpening and cutlery services in the restaurant industry Common units 3/2017 (2) Capstone Acquisition Holdings, Inc. and Capstone Parent Holdings, LP (15) Outsourced supply chain solutions provider to operators of distribution centers First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2020 11/2025 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2020 11/2027 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 11/2020 (2) Compex Legal Services, Inc. (15) Provider of outsourced litigated and non-litigated medical records retrieval services First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 2/2025 (2)(11) DTI Holdco, Inc. and OPE DTI Holdings, Inc. Provider of legal process outsourcing and managed services Class A common stock 8/2014 (2) Class B common stock 8/2014 (2) Elevation Services Parent Holdings, LLC (15) Elevator service platform First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (S) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 5/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) HAI Acquisition Corporation and Aloha Topco, LLC (15) Professional employer organization offering human resources, compliance and risk management services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2017 11/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 11/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 9/2021 11/2025 (2)(11) Class A units 11/2017 (2) HH-Stella, Inc. and Bedrock Parent Holdings, LP (15) Provider of municipal solid waste transfer management services First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) 
 F-25 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 4/2021 (2) ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. and ISQ Hawkeye Holdings, L.P. (15) Provider of commercial and industrial waste processing and disposal services First lien senior secured revolving loan 8/2022 8/2028 (13) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 8/2022 8/2029 (2)(11) Class A units 9/2022 (2) Kellermeyer Bergensons Services, LLC Provider of janitorial and facilities management services First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2019 11/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 11/2026 (2)(11) KPS Global LLC and Cool Group LLC Manufacturer of walk-in cooler and freezer systems First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 4/2017 4/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2018 4/2024 (2)(11) Class A units 9/2018 Laboratories Bidco LLC and Laboratories Topco LLC (15) Lab testing services for nicotine containing products First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2019 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2019 7/2027 (11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 10/2020 7/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 7/2021 (2) LJP Purchaser, Inc. and LJP Topco, LP (15) Provider of non-hazardous solid waste and recycling services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 9/2028 (2)(11) Class A units PIK 
 9/2022 (2) Management Consulting Research LLC (15) Provider of systems engineering and technical assistance to the US DoD First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 5/2022 8/2027 (2)(11) Marmic Purchaser, LLC and Marmic Topco, L.P. (15) Provider of recurring fire protection services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 2/2022 3/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 3/2021 3/2027 (2)(11) Limited partnership units PIK 
 3/2021 (2) Microstar Logistics LLC, Microstar Global Asset Management LLC, MStar Holding Corporation and Kegstar USA Inc. Keg management solutions provider Second lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 8/2020 7/2025 (11) Series A preferred stock 8/2020 (2) Common stock 12/2012 (2) 
 F-26 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets NAS, LLC and Nationwide Marketing Group, LLC (15) Buying and marketing services organization for appliance, furniture and consumer electronics dealers First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 11/2020 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2020 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2021 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 6/2024 (2)(11) National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company (15) Leading group purchasing organization GPO for public agencies and educational institutions in the U.S First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 5/2018 5/2026 (2) Neptune Bidco US Inc. and Elliott Metron Co-Investor Aggregator L.P. (15) Provider of audience insights, data and analytics to entertainment industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 4/2029 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured notes 11/2022 52.8 (2)(18) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 10/2022 4/2029 (2) Second lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2029 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 10/2022 (2) Nest Topco Borrower Inc., KKR Nest Co-Invest L.P., and NBLY 2021-1 (15) Operator of multiple franchise concepts primarily related to home maintenance or repairs Senior subordinated loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 8/2029 (2)(11) Limited partner interest 9/2021 (2) North American Fire Holdings, LLC and North American Fire Ultimate Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of fire safety and life safety services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2021 5/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 5/2027 (2)(11) Common units 5/2021 (2) North Haven Fairway Buyer, LLC, Fairway Lawns, LLC and Command Pest Control, LLC (15) Provider of lawncare services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC (15) Provider of environmental testing services First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) Petroleum Service Group LLC (15) Provider of operational services for US petrochemical and refining companies First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2025 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2025 (2)(11) 
 F-27 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 7/2025 (2)(11) Pritchard Industries, LLC and LJ Pritchard TopCo Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of janitorial and facilities management services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 10/2021 (2) PS Operating Company LLC and PS Op Holdings LLC (5)(15) Specialty distributor and solutions provider to the swine and poultry markets First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2024 (2)(11) Common unit 12/2021 (2) R2 Acquisition Corp. Marketing services Common stock 5/2007 (2) RC V Tecmo Investor LLC Technology based aggregator for facility maintenance services Common member units 8/2020 (2) RE Community Holdings GP, LLC and RE Community Holdings, LP Operator of municipal recycling facilities Limited partnership interest 3/2011 Limited partnership interest 3/2011 Registrar Intermediate, LLC and PSP Registrar Co-Investment Fund, L.P. (15) Provider of FDA registration and consulting services First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2021 8/2027 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 8/2021 (2) Rodeo AcquisitionCo LLC (15) Provider of food inspection and recovery services First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) Schill Landscaping and Lawn Care Services LLC, Tender Lawn Care ULC and Landscape Parallel Partners, L.P. (15) Provider of landscape design and planning, and snow removal services First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2021 (2) Service Logic Acquisition, Inc. and MSHC, Inc. Heating, ventilation and air conditioning services provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2027 (2)(11) Shermco Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of electrician services First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 5/2022 6/2024 (2) SSE Buyer, Inc., Supply Source Enterprises, Inc., Impact Products LLC, The Safety Zone, LLC and SSE Parent, LP Manufacturer and distributor of personal protection equipment, commercial cleaning, maintenance and safety products Second lien senior secured loan 6/2020 6/2030 (2)(10) Limited partnership class A-1 units 6/2020 (2) 
 F-28 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Limited partnership class A-2 units 6/2020 (2) Startec Equity, LLC (5) Communication services Member interest 4/2010 Stealth Holding LLC and UCIT Online Security Inc. Live video monitoring solutions provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2021 3/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan Base Rate (Q) 3/2021 3/2026 (2)(6)(11) The NPD Group, L.P., IRI Group Holdings, Inc., Information Resources, Inc. and IRI-NPD Co-Invest Aggregator, L.P. (15) Market research company focused on the consumer packaged goods industry First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 8/2022 12/2027 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (M) 8/2022 12/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 8/2022 (2) Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (15) Provider of commercial HVAC equipment maintenance and repair services Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2021 8/2029 (2)(11) Visual Edge Technology, Inc. Provider of outsourced office solutions with a focus on printer and copier equipment and other parts and supplies First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 8/2017 8/2022 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan 8/2017 9/2024 (2)(10) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 8/2017 8/2027 VRC Companies, LLC (15) Provider of records and information management services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 5/2022 6/2027 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 5/2022 6/2028 (2) Wash Encore Holdings, LLC Provider of outsourced healthcare linen management solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 7/2021 7/2027 (2)(11) XIFIN, Inc. and ACP Charger Co-Invest LLC (15) Revenue cycle management provider to labs First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 2/2020 2/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 2/2026 (11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2021 2/2026 (2)(11) Class A units 2/2020 (2) Class B units 12/2021 (2) Investment Funds and Vehicles 
 F-29 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets ACAS Equity Holdings Corporation (5) Investment company Common stock 1/2017 (6) ARES 2007-3R Investment vehicle Subordinated notes 1/2017 4/2021 (6) Blue Wolf Capital Fund II, L.P. (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 1/2017 (6)(18) CoLTs 2005-1 Ltd. (5) Investment vehicle Preferred shares 1/2017 (6) CREST Exeter Street Solar 2004-1 Investment vehicle Preferred shares 1/2017 (6) European Capital UK SME Debt LP (4)(16) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 1/2017 (6) HCI Equity, LLC (5) Investment company Member interest 4/2010 (6)(18) Partnership Capital Growth Investors III, L.P. Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 10/2011 (2)(6)(18) PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment II, L.P. (4)(16) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 10/2014 (2)(6) PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment, L.P. (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 5/2014 (6) Piper Jaffray Merchant Banking Fund I, L.P. Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 8/2012 (6)(18) Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC (5)(17) Co-investment vehicle Subordinated certificates LIBOR (Q) 7/2016 12/2036 (6)(12) Membership interest (6) VSC Investors LLC Investment company Membership interest 1/2008 (2)(6)(18) Insurance Services Acrisure, LLC and Acrisure Finance, Inc. Independent property and casualty insurance brokerage Senior subordinated loan 7/2022 11/2025 (2)(18) Alera Group, Inc. Insurance service provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 9/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) Amynta Agency Borrower Inc. and Amynta Warranty Borrower Inc. Insurance service provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 2/2025 (2) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2018 2/2025 (2) AQ Sunshine, Inc. (15) Specialized insurance broker First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (S) 4/2019 4/2024 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 1/2022 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 4/2019 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 10/2020 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 6/2021 4/2025 (2)(11) Ardonagh Midco 2 plc and Ardonagh Midco 3 plc Insurance broker and underwriting servicer First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 8/2021 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 8/2022 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) 
 F-30 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan SONIA (S) 6/2020 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (S) 6/2020 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 6/2020 1/2027 (2)(6)(18) Benecon Midco II LLC and Locutus Holdco LLC (15) Employee benefits provider for small and mid-size employers Common units 12/2020 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. (15) Health insurance sales platform provider First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (S) 8/2021 8/2027 (2)(11) Captive Resources Midco, LLC (15) Provider of independent consulting services to member-owned group captives First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 7/2022 7/2029 (2)(11) Foundation Risk Partners, Corp. (15) Full service independent insurance agency First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 4/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) Galway Borrower LLC (15) Insurance service provider First lien senior secured revolving loan 9/2021 9/2027 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 9/2028 (2)(11) High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC (15) Insurance brokerage platform First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2022 4/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2021 4/2028 (2)(11) Series A preferred units PIK 
 4/2021 (2) Series A common units PIK 
 4/2021 (2) Series C common units PIK 
 4/2021 (2) Inszone Mid, LLC and INSZ Holdings, LLC (15) Insurance brokerage firm First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2022 11/2028 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 11/2022 K2 Insurance Services, LLC and K2 Holdco LP (15) Specialty insurance and managing general agency First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2021 7/2026 (2)(11) Common units 7/2019 (2) OneDigital Borrower LLC (15) Benefits broker and outsourced workflow automation platform provider for brokers First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2020 11/2025 (13) Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (15) National retail insurance agency First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) 
 F-31 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets People Corporation (15) Provider of group benefits, group retirement and human resources services First lien senior secured revolving loan CDOR (Q) 2/2021 2/2027 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2021 2/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 2/2021 2/2028 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 9/2021 2/2028 (2)(6)(11) Riser Merger Sub, Inc. (15) Insurance program administrator First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2028 (2)(11) RSC Acquisition, Inc. and RSC Insurance Brokerage, Inc. (15) Insurance broker First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2019 10/2026 (2)(11) SageSure Holdings, LLC Insight Catastrophe Group, LLC (15) Insurance service provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 1/2022 1/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 1/2022 1/2028 (2)(11) Series A units 2/2022 SCM Insurance Services Inc. (15) Provider of claims management, claims investigation support and risk management solutions for the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 6/2022 8/2024 (2)(6)(11) SelectQuote, Inc. Direct to consumer insurance distribution platform First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (M) 11/2019 11/2024 (2)(11) SG Acquisition, Inc. Provider of insurance solutions for car sales First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2020 1/2027 (2)(11) Spring Insurance Solutions, LLC Technology-based direct to consumer sales and marketing platform for insurance products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(11) THG Acquisition, LLC (15) Multi-line insurance broker First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2019 12/2026 (2)(11) Power Generation Apex Clean Energy TopCo, LLC (4) Developer, builder and owner of utility-scale wind and solar power facilities Class A common units 11/2021 Ferrellgas, L.P. and Ferrellgas Partners, L.P. Distributor of propane and related accessories Senior preferred units 3/2021 Class B units 9/2022 Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC and Heelstone Renewable Energy Investors, LLC (5) Developer of utility scale solar systems First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 4/2021 4/2024 (2) Class A1 units 4/2021 Class A2 units 3/2022 
 F-32 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Opal Fuels LLC and Opal Fuels Inc. Owner of natural gas facilities Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 7/2022 12/2026 (6) Class A common stock 7/2022 (6)(18) PosiGen, Inc. Seller and leaser of solar power systems for residential and commercial customers Warrant to purchase shares of series D-1 preferred stock 6/2021 6/2028 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 1/2020 1/2027 Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC (5) Gas turbine power generation facilities operator Series A units 11/2021 Riverview Power LLC (15) Operator of natural gas and oil fired power generation facilities First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2021 6/2024 (2)(11) SE1 Generation, LLC Solar power developer Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 12/2019 5/2023 (2) Sunrun Atlas Depositor 2019-2, LLC and Sunrun Atlas Holdings 2019-2, LLC Residential solar energy provider First lien senior secured loan 10/2019 2/2055 (2) Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 11/2019 11/2025 (2)(11) Sunrun Luna Holdco 2021, LLC (15) Residential solar energy provider Senior subordinated revolving loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 4/2024 (2)(6) Senior subordinated revolving loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 4/2024 (2)(6) Sunrun Xanadu Issuer 2019-1, LLC and Sunrun Xanadu Holdings 2019-1, LLC Residential solar energy provider First lien senior secured loan 6/2019 6/2054 (2) Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 6/2019 7/2030 (2)(11) Consumer Services ADF Capital, Inc., ADF Restaurant Group, LLC, and ARG Restaurant Holdings, Inc. (5) Restaurant owner and operator First lien senior secured loan 12/2016 8/2022 (2)(10) Aimbridge Acquisition Co., Inc. Hotel operator Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 2/2019 2/2027 (2) American Residential Services L.L.C. and Aragorn Parent Holdings LP (15) Heating, ventilation and air conditioning services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 10/2020 10/2025 (2) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 10/2020 10/2025 (2) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2020 10/2028 (2)(11) Series A preferred units PIK 
 10/2020 (2) 
 F-33 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets ATI Restoration, LLC (15) Provider of disaster recovery services First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 7/2020 7/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2020 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 7/2026 (2)(11) Belfor Holdings, Inc. (15) Disaster recovery services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 4/2019 4/2024 (2)(14) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 4/2019 4/2024 (2)(14) Cipriani USA, Inc. and Cipriani Group Holding S.A.R.L. Manager and operator of banquet facilities, restaurants, hotels and other leisure properties First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2018 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2020 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2019 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2018 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2020 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2018 5/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2018 5/2023 (2)(11) Warrant to purchase units of shares 3/2021 3/2041 (2)(6) CMG HoldCo, LLC and CMG Buyer Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of commercial HVAC equipment maintenance and repair services First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) Common stock 5/2022 (2) CST Holding Company (15) Provider of ignition interlock devices First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 11/2022 11/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 11/2022 11/2028 (2)(11) Essential Services Holding Corporation and OMERS Mahomes Investment Holdings LLC (15) Provider of plumbing and HVAC services First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2020 11/2025 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 11/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 11/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2026 (2)(11) Class A units 11/2020 (2) 
 F-34 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Infinity Home Services HoldCo, Inc. and IHS Parent Holdings, L.P. (15) Provider of residential roofing and exterior repair and replacement services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 12/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2022 (2) Jenny C Acquisition, Inc. Health club franchisor Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 4/2019 4/2025 (2) KeyStone Sub-debt HoldCo, LLC Planet Fitness franchisee Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 1/2021 1/2027 (2) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 9/2021 1/2027 (2) Warrant to purchase Class C interests 1/2021 1/2027 (2) Leviathan Intermediate Holdco, LLC and Leviathan Holdings, L.P. (15) Franchising platform offering adolescent development programs First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (S) 12/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (S) 12/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 12/2022 LSP Holdco, LLC and ZBS Mechanical Group Co-Invest Fund 2, LLC (15) Provider of residential HVAC and plumbing services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 4/2022 10/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2022 10/2026 (2)(11) Membership interest 10/2021 ME Equity LLC Franchisor in the massage industry Common stock 9/2012 (2) Movati Athletic (Group) Inc. Premier health club operator First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 CDOR (Q) 10/2017 10/2024 (2)(6)(11) OTG Management, LLC Airport restaurant operator Class A preferred units 8/2016 (2) Common units 1/2011 Warrant to purchase of common units 6/2008 6/2028 Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC and OMERS PMC Investment Holdings LLC (15) Provider of commercial HVAC services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2022 8/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 8/2022 (2) Pyramid Management Advisors, LLC and Pyramid Investors, LLC (15) Hotel operator First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 4/2018 7/2023 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 4/2018 7/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 12/2019 7/2023 (2)(11) Preferred membership units 7/2016 
 F-35 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Redwood Services, LLC and Redwood Services Holdco, LLC (15) Provider of residential HVAC and plumbing services First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 9/2022 12/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 12/2021 12/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 12/2020 12/2025 (2)(11) Series D units PIK 
 12/2020 Safe Home Security, Inc., Security Systems Inc., Safe Home Monitoring, Inc., National Protective Services, Inc., Bright Integrations LLC and Medguard Alert, Inc. Provider of safety systems for business and residential customers First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2020 8/2024 (2)(11) SV-Burton Holdings, LLC and LBC Breeze Holdings LLC (15) Provider of HVAC and plumbing services to residential and commercial customers First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2021 Taymax Group, L.P., Taymax Group G.P., LLC, PF Salem Canada ULC and TCP Fit Parent, L.P. (15) Planet Fitness franchisee First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (S) 7/2018 7/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 SOFR (M) 7/2018 7/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (S) 3/2020 7/2025 (2)(11) Class A units 7/2018 The Alaska Club Partners, LLC, Athletic Club Partners LLC and The Alaska Club, Inc. (15) Premier health club operator First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Base Rate (Q) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(11) The Arcticom Group, LLC and AMCP Mechanical Holdings, LP (15) Refrigeration, heating, ventilation and air conditioning services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 8/2022 12/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2021 YE Brands Holdings, LLC (15) Sports camp operator First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) 
 F-36 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Consumer Durables Apparel Badger Sportswear Acquisition, Inc. Provider of team uniforms and athletic wear Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2016 6/2024 (2)(11) Bowhunter Holdings, LLC Provider of branded archery and bowhunting accessories Common units 4/2014 Centric Brands LLC and Centric Brands GP LLC (15) Designer, marketer and distributor of licensed and owned apparel First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 5/2020 10/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 10/2018 10/2025 (2)(11) Membership interests 10/2018 (2) DRS Holdings III, Inc. and DRS Holdings I, Inc. (15) Footwear and orthopedic foot-care brand First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2019 11/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 11/2025 (11) Common stock 11/2019 (2) Implus Footcare, LLC Provider of footwear and other accessories First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2017 4/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2017 4/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 7/2018 4/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2016 4/2024 (2)(11) Johnnie-O Inc. and Johnnie-O Holdings Inc. Apparel retailer First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2027 (2)(11) Series A convertible preferred stock 3/2022 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 3/2022 3/2032 (2) Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC (15) Outdoor brand holding company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2021 2/2028 (2)(11) New Era Cap, LLC Sports apparel manufacturing company First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2022 7/2027 (2)(11) Pelican Products, Inc. (15) Flashlights manufacturer Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(11) Rawlings Sporting Goods Company, Inc. and Easton Diamond Sports, LLC Sports equipment manufacturing company First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 12/2026 (2)(11) Reef Lifestyle, LLC (15) Apparel retailer First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 10/2018 10/2024 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 SOFR (M) 7/2020 10/2024 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 10/2018 10/2024 (2)(11) 
 F-37 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 7/2020 10/2024 (2)(11) S Toys Holdings LLC (fka The Step2 Company, LLC) (5) Toy manufacturer Class B common units 10/2014 Common units 4/2011 Warrant to purchase units 4/2010 SHO Holding I Corporation Manufacturer and distributor of slip resistant footwear Second lien senior secured loan 10/2015 10/2024 (2)(10) Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC (4)(15) Developer, marketer and distributor of sports protection equipment and accessories First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2019 5/2024 (2)(11) Class A preferred units 3/2014 (2) Class C preferred units 4/2015 (2) Preferred units 5/2019 (2) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. and SVP-Singer Holdings LP Manufacturer of consumer sewing machines First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 7/2028 (2)(11) Class A common units 7/2021 (2) Totes Isotoner Corporation and Totes Ultimate Holdco, Inc. (4) Designer, marketer, and distributor of rain and cold weather products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2019 6/2024 (2)(11) Common stock 12/2019 (2) Varsity Brands Holding Co., Inc. and BCPE Hercules Holdings, LP Leading manufacturer and distributor of textiles, apparel luxury goods First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2020 12/2024 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2017 12/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2018 12/2025 (2)(11) Class A Units 7/2018 (2) Capital Goods AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. End to end provider of water solutions to a wide range of customer bases First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 6/2021 7/2028 (2)(11)(18) API Commercial Inc., API Military Inc., and API Space Intermediate, Inc. Provider of military aircraft aftermarket parts and distribution, repair and logistics services First lien senior secured loan 5/2022 8/2025 (2)(10) Arrowhead Holdco Company and Arrowhead GS Holdings, Inc. Distributor of non-discretionary, mission-critical aftermarket replacement parts First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 8/2021 8/2028 (2)(11) Common stock 8/2021 (2) 
 F-38 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets BlueHalo Financing Holdings, LLC, BlueHalo Global Holdings, LLC, and BlueHalo, LLC (15) Provides products and services to the Department of Defense and Intelligence Community First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 10/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 10/2025 (2)(11) Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation Remanufacturer of mission-critical and non-discretionary aftermarket vehicle, industrial, energy storage, and solar replacement parts First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 7/2022 7/2029 (2)(11)(18) Cadence Aerospace, LLC (15) Aerospace precision components manufacturer First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 11/2017 8/2023 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 7/2020 11/2023 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 11/2017 11/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 10/2019 11/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 7/2018 11/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 2/2020 11/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 7/2020 11/2023 (2)(11) DFS Holding Company, Inc. Distributor of maintenance, repair, and operations parts, supplies, and equipment to the foodservice industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2017 8/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 5/2020 8/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2017 8/2023 (2)(11) Dynamic NC Aerospace Holdings, LLC and Dynamic NC Investment Holdings, LP (15) Provider of aerospace technology and equipment First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) Common units 12/2020 EPS NASS Parent, Inc. (15) Provider of maintenance and engineering services for electrical infrastructure First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2028 (2)(11) ESCP PPG Holdings, LLC (4) Distributor of new equipment and aftermarket parts to the heavy-duty truck industry Class A-1 units 8/2022 (2) Class A-2 units 12/2016 (2) Harvey Tool Company, LLC (15) Manufacturer of cutting tools used in the metalworking industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) 
 F-39 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Imaging Business Machines, L.L.C. and Scanner Holdings Corporation (5) Provider of high-speed intelligent document scanning hardware and software Senior subordinated loan 1/2017 12/2023 (2) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 1/2017 Class A common stock 1/2017 Class B common stock 1/2017 Kene Acquisition, Inc. and Kene Holdings, L.P. (15) National utility services firm providing engineering and consulting services to natural gas, electric power and other energy and industrial end markets First lien senior secured revolving loan 8/2019 8/2024 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2019 8/2026 (2)(11) Class A units 8/2019 (2) Lower ACS, Inc. (15) Provider of commercial HVAC equipment and services First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 1/2022 1/2028 (2)(11) LTG Acquisition, Inc. Designer and manufacturer of display, lighting and passenger communication systems for mass transportation markets Class A membership units 1/2017 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Manufacturer of precision machined components for defense and high-tech industrial platforms First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) MB Aerospace Holdings II Corp. Aerospace engine components manufacturer First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 1/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2018 1/2026 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2019 1/2026 (2)(11) NCWS Intermediate, Inc. and NCWS Holdings LP (15) Manufacturer and supplier of car wash equipment, parts and supplies to the conveyorized car wash market First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) Class A-2 common units 12/2020 (2) Noble Aerospace, LLC (15) Provider of metal finishing services to the aerospace, military and defense sectors First lien senior secured revolving loan 5/2022 9/2023 (13) Osmose Utilities Services, Inc. and Pine Intermediate Holding LLC Provider of structural integrity management services to transmission and distribution infrastructure Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2021 6/2029 (2)(11) 
 F-40 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc., Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. and Blade Group Holdings, LP. Manufacturer of high-tolerance precision machined components and assemblies for the aerospace and defense industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 8/2021 8/2027 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 4/2022 8/2027 (2)(6)(11) Class A units 8/2021 (2) Prime Buyer, L.L.C. (15) Provider of track systems, cabs, hulls, doors, and various armored components for defense/military vehicle applications First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) Qnnect, LLC and Connector TopCo, LP (15) Manufacturer of highly engineered hermetic packaging products First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 11/2029 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 11/2022 (2) Radius Aerospace, Inc. and Radius Aerospace Europe Limited (15) Metal fabricator in the aerospace industry First lien senior secured revolving loan SONIA (M) 11/2019 3/2025 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 3/2019 3/2025 (2)(6)(11) Radwell Parent, LLC (15) Distributor of maintenance, repair, and operations parts First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 4/2029 (2)(11) Sunk Rock Foundry Partners LP, Hatteras Electrical Manufacturing Holding Company and Sigma Electric Manufacturing Corporation, Diecast Beacon (15) Manufacturer of metal castings, precision machined components and sub-assemblies in the electrical products, power transmission and distribution and general industrial markets First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2017 10/2024 (13) Automobiles Components Automotive Keys Group, LLC and Automotive Keys Investor, LLC Provider of replacement wireless keys for automotive market First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2022 11/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 11/2025 (2)(11) Preferred units PIK 
 11/2020 (2) Class A common units 11/2020 Continental Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Distributor of aftermarket batteries to the electric utility vehicle, automotive, commercial, marine and industrial markets First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2021 1/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 1/2027 (2)(11) Eckler Purchaser LLC (5) Restoration parts and accessories provider for classic automobiles Class A common units 7/2012 
 F-41 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Faraday Buyer, LLC (15) Manufacturer and supplier for the power utility and automotive markets worldwide First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 10/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) Faraday Future Inc., FF Inc., Faraday SPE, LLC and Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. Electric vehicle manufacturer Warrant to purchase shares of Class A common stock 8/2021 8/2027 (2) Highline Aftermarket Acquisition, LLC, Highline Aftermarket SC Acquisition, Inc. and Highline PPC Blocker LLC (15) Manufacturer and distributor of automotive fluids First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2022 11/2027 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(11) Co-invest units 11/2020 (2) Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp., Metis Holdco, Inc. and Metis Topco, LP (15) Auto parts retailer First lien senior secured revolving loan 5/2021 5/2026 (13) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 5/2021 (2) Class A-1 units 5/2021 (2) McLaren Group Limited Automobile manufacturer and retailer Senior preference shares PIK 
 8/2021 8/2028 (2)(6) Warrant to purchase units of ordinary shares 8/2021 8/2100 (2)(6) Warrant to purchase units of ordinary shares 8/2021 8/2100 (2)(6) Sun Acquirer Corp. and Sun TopCo, LP (15) Automotive parts and repair services retailer First lien senior secured revolving loan 9/2021 9/2027 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 9/2021 9/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 9/2028 (2)(11) Class A units 9/2021 (2) Wand Newco 3, Inc. Collision repair company Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 2/2019 2/2027 (2) Media Entertainment Aventine Intermediate LLC Aventine Holdings II LLC (15) Media and production company First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 12/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 12/2021 12/2030 (2) Axiomatic, LLC Premiere e-sports and video game investment platform Class A-1 units 5/2022 CMW Parent LLC (fka Black Arrow, Inc.) Multiplatform media firm Series A units 9/2015 
 F-42 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Eagle Football Holdings BidCo Limited Multi-club sports platform Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 12/2022 12/2028 (2)(6) Senior subordinated loan 12/2022 12/2028 (2)(6) Global Music Rights, LLC (15) Music right management company First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 8/2021 8/2028 (2)(11) MailSouth, Inc. Provider of shared mail marketing services First lien senior secured loan 5/2022 4/2024 (2)(10) Miami Beckham United LLC American professional soccer club Class A preferred units PIK 
 9/2021 OUTFRONT Media Inc. Provider of out-of-home advertising Series A convertible perpetual preferred stock 4/2020 (2)(6) Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC (4) Provider of rental equipment, labor, production management, scenery, and other products to various entertainment end-markets First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 8/2018 8/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 7/2020 8/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 8/2021 8/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (M) 6/2021 8/2024 (2)(11) Class A units 10/2020 (2) Professional Fighters League, LLC and PFL MMA, Inc. (15) Mixed martial arts league First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 1/2021 1/2026 (2) Second lien senior secured loan 11/2022 1/2026 (2) Series E preferred stock 4/2022 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 1/2021 1/2027 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 11/2022 11/2029 (2) Storm Investment S.a.r.l. Spanish futbol club First lien senior secured loan 6/2021 6/2029 (2)(6) Class A redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class B redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class C redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class D redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class E redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class F redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class G redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) 
 F-43 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Class H redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Class I redeemable shares 6/2021 (2)(6) Ordinary shares 6/2021 (2)(6) The Teaching Company Holdings, Inc. Education publications provider Preferred stock 9/2006 (2) Common stock 9/2006 Food Beverage American Seafoods Group LLC and American Seafoods Partners LLC Harvester and processor of seafood Class A units 8/2015 (2) Warrant to purchase Class A units 8/2015 8/2035 (2) Berner Food Beverage, LLC (15) Supplier of dairy-based food and beverage products First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 7/2021 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 7/2026 (2)(11) Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. (4)(15) Health food company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 12/2025 (2)(11) Common units 3/2019 (2) CHG PPC Parent LLC PPC CHG Blocker LLC Diversified food products manufacturer Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(11) Common units 12/2021 (2) Florida Food Products, LLC Provider of plant extracts and juices First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 6/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(11) GF Parent LLC Producer of low-acid, aseptic food and beverage products Class A preferred units 5/2015 Class A common units 5/2015 Class B common units 5/2015 Gotham Greens Holdings, PBC (15) Producer of vegetables and culinary herbs for restaurants and retailers First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) Series E-1 preferred stock PIK 
 6/2022 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of Series E-1 preferred stock 6/2022 6/2032 
 F-44 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Hometown Food Company (15) Food distributor First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 8/2018 8/2023 (2)(11)(14) KNPC HoldCo, LLC Producer of trail mix and mixed nut snack products First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 4/2022 10/2028 (11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 12/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) Manna Pro Products, LLC (15) Manufacturer and supplier of specialty nutrition and care products for animals First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) RB Holdings InterCo, LLC (15) Manufacturer of pet food and treats First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 5/2028 (2)(11) RF HP SCF Investor, LLC Branded specialty food company Membership interest 12/2016 (2)(6) Teasdale Foods, Inc. and Familia Group Holdings Inc. Provider of beans, sauces and hominy to the retail, foodservice and wholesale channels First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (S) 12/2020 12/2025 (2)(11) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 2/2019 2/2034 Triton Water Holdings, Inc. Producer and provider of bottled water brands First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2021 3/2028 (2)(11)(18) Senior subordinated loan 3/2021 4/2029 (2)(18) Watermill Express, LLC and Watermill Express Holdings, LLC (15) Owner and operator of self-service water and ice stations First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2021 4/2027 (2)(11) Class A units PIK 
 4/2021 Winebow Holdings, Inc. and The Vintner Group, Inc. Importer and distributor of wine First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2021 7/2025 (2)(11) Energy Calyx Energy III, LLC Oil and gas exploration company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 8/2022 1/2027 (2)(11) Cheyenne Petroleum Company Limited Partnership, CPC 2001 LLC and Mill Shoals LLC (15) Private oil exploration and production company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 11/2026 (2)(11) GNZ Energy Bidco Limited and Galileo Co-investment Trust I (15) Independent fuel provider in New Zealand First lien senior secured loan BBSY (M) 5/2022 7/2027 (2)(6)(11) Common units 7/2022 (2)(6) Halcon Holdings, LLC Operator of development, exploration, and production oil company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2021 11/2025 (2) Murchison Oil and Gas, LLC and Murchison Holdings, LLC (15) Exploration and production company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2022 6/2026 (2)(11) Preferred units PIK 
 6/2022 
 F-45 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Offen, Inc. (15) Distributor of fuel, lubricants, diesel exhaust fluid, and premium additives First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 5/2022 6/2026 (2) SilverBow Resources, Inc. Oil and gas producer Common stock 6/2022 (2)(6)(18) VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC (5) Sand-based proppant producer and distributor to the oil and natural gas industry First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2017 11/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2020 11/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2020 11/2024 (2)(11) Class A units 11/2020 (2) Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences Abzena Holdings, Inc. and Astro Group Holdings Ltd. (15) Organization providing discovery, development and manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 5/2021 5/2026 (2)(6)(11) A ordinary shares 5/2021 (2)(6) Alcami Corporation and ACM Note Holdings, LLC (15) Outsourced drug development services provider First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 12/2022 12/2028 (2)(11) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 12/2022 6/2029 (2) Amryt Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Biopharmaceutical company dedicated to acquiring, developing and commercializing novel therapeutics First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2022 2/2027 (2)(6)(11) Athyrium Buffalo LP (16) Biotechnology company engaging in the development, manufacture, and commercialization of novel neuromodulators Limited partnership interests 6/2022 (2)(6) Caerus Midco 3 S. r.l. Provider of market intelligence and analysis for the pharmaceutical industry First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 5/2029 (2)(6)(11) Cobalt Buyer Sub, Inc., Cobalt Holdings I, LP, and Cobalt Intermediate I, Inc. (15) Provider of biological products to life science and pharmaceutical companies First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(11) Preferred units PIK 
 10/2021 10/2051 (2) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 (2) Class A common units 10/2021 (2) 
 F-46 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Covaris Intermediate 3, LLC Covaris Parent, LLC (15) Provider of advanced pre-analytical sample preparation technologies for life and analytical science First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2022 1/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 1/2022 1/2028 (2)(11) Class A-2 units 1/2022 NMC Skincare Intermediate Holdings II, LLC (15) Developer, manufacturer and marketer of skincare products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 10/2018 10/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 5/2022 10/2024 (2)(11) North American Science Associates, LLC, Cardinal Purchaser LLC and Cardinal Topco Holdings, L.P. Contract research organization providing research and development and testing of medical devices First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2020 9/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2021 9/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 9/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2021 9/2027 (2)(11) Class A preferred units PIK 
 9/2020 (2) TerSera Therapeutics LLC (15) Acquirer and developer of specialty therapeutic pharmaceutical products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 5/2017 3/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 9/2018 3/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 4/2019 3/2025 (2)(11) Verista, Inc. (15) Provides systems consulting for compliance, automation, validation, and packaging solutions to the healthcare sector First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 5/2022 2/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 2/2027 (2)(11) Vertice Pharma UK Parent Limited Manufacturer and distributor of generic pharmaceutical products Preferred shares 12/2015 (6) Retailing and Distribution Atlas Intermediate III, L.L.C. (15) Specialty chemicals distributor First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 4/2019 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2022 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2022 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 4/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2021 4/2025 (2)(11) 
 F-47 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Bamboo Purchaser, Inc. Provider of nursery, garden, and greenhouse products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(11) Display Holding Company, Inc., Saldon Holdings, Inc. and Fastsigns Holdings Inc. (15) Provider of visual communications solutions First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 3/2019 3/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2021 3/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2019 3/2025 (2)(11) Common units 3/2019 (2) GPM Investments, LLC and ARKO Corp. Convenience store operator Common stock 12/2020 Warrant to purchase units of common stock 12/2020 12/2025 (2) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc. and Marcone Yellowstone Holdings, LLC Distributor of OEM appliance aftermarket parts First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2021 6/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2021 6/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2021 6/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 6/2021 6/2028 (2)(11) Class A common units 6/2021 (2) McKenzie Creative Brands, LLC (15) Designer, manufacturer and distributor of hunting-related supplies First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 9/2014 9/2023 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2014 9/2023 (2)(8)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 9/2014 9/2023 (2)(11) Monolith Brands Group, Inc. E-commerce platform focused on consolidating DTC branded businesses Series A-1 preferred stock 4/2022 (2) Moon Valley Nursery of Arizona Retail, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery Farm Holdings, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery RE Holdings LLC, and Stonecourt IV Partners, LP Operator of retail and wholesale tree and plant nurseries Limited partnership interests 10/2021 North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC and North Haven Falcon Holding Company, LLC (15) Manufacturer of aftermarket golf cart parts and accessories First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2021 5/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 5/2021 Reddy Ice LLC (15) Packaged ice manufacturer and distributor First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 7/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 10/2021 7/2025 (2)(11) 
 F-48 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. (15) Salt and packaged ice melt manufacturer and distributor First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 3/2020 3/2025 (2)(11)(14) Trader Corporation and Project Auto Finco Corp. (15) Digital Automotive marketplace and software solution provider to automotive industry First lien senior secured loan CDOR (M) 12/2022 12/2029 (2)(6)(11) US Salt Investors, LLC and Emerald Lake Pearl Acquisition-A, L.P. (15) Producer and packager of compressed, household, and packaged salt First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2021 7/2028 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 7/2021 (2) Food Staples Retailing Balrog Acquisition, Inc., Balrog Topco, Inc. and Balrog Parent, L.P. Manufacturer and distributor of specialty bakery ingredients Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 9/2021 9/2029 (2)(11) Class A preferred units PIK 
 9/2021 (2) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 9/2021 (2) Continental Caf , LLC and Infinity Ovation Yacht Charters, LLC (15) Diversified contract food service provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(11) DecoPac, Inc. and KCAKE Holdings Inc. (15) Supplier of cake decorating solutions and products to in-store bakeries First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2021 5/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 LIBOR (Q) 5/2021 5/2028 (2)(11) Common stock 5/2021 (2) FS Squared Holding Corp. and FS Squared, LLC (15) Provider of on-site vending and micro market solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan 3/2019 3/2024 (13) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2019 3/2025 (2)(11) Class A units 3/2019 (2) JWC/KI Holdings, LLC Foodservice sales and marketing agency Membership units 11/2015 (2) LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc. and LJ Perimeter Co-Invest, L.P. (15) Distributor of specialty foods First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 10/2022 10/2028 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 10/2022 (2) SFE Intermediate Holdco LLC (15) Provider of outsourced foodservice to K-12 school districts First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 7/2017 7/2025 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 9/2018 7/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 7/2017 7/2026 (2)(11) 
 F-49 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 7/2026 (2)(11) VCP-EDC Co-Invest, LLC Distributor of foodservice equipment and supplies Membership units 6/2017 ZB Holdco LLC ZB Parent LLC (15) Distributor of Mediterranean food and beverages First lien senior secured revolving loan 2/2022 2/2028 (13) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2022 2/2028 (2)(11) Series A units 2/2022 Materials ASP-r-pac Acquisition CO LLC and ASP-r-pac Holdings LP (15) Manufacturer and supplier of printed packaging and trimmings First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Class A units 12/2021 (2) Genomatica, Inc. Developer of a biotechnology platform for the production of chemical products Warrant to purchase shares of Series D preferred stock 3/2013 3/2023 Halex Holdings, Inc. (5) Manufacturer of flooring installation products Common stock 1/2017 H-Food Holdings, LLC and Matterhorn Parent, LLC Food contract manufacturer First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 6/2022 5/2025 (2)(18) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2022 5/2025 (2)(18) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 5/2025 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2018 3/2026 (2) Common units 11/2018 Nelipak Holding Company, Nelipak European Holdings Cooperatief U.A., KNPAK Holdings, LP and PAKNK Netherlands Treasury B.V. (15) Manufacturer of thermoformed packaging for medical devices First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2024 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 7/2019 7/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 7/2019 7/2026 (2)(6) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 8/2019 7/2026 (2)(6) Class A units 7/2019 (2)(6) Novipax Buyer, L.L.C. and Novipax Parent Holding Company, L.L.C. Developer and manufacturer of absorbent pads for food products First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (M) 12/2022 12/2026 (2)(11) Class A preferred units PIK 
 12/2020 (2) Class C units 12/2020 
 F-50 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Plaskolite PPC Intermediate II LLC and Plaskolite PPC Blocker LLC Manufacturer of specialized acrylic and polycarbonate sheets First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2018 12/2025 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 12/2018 12/2026 (2)(11) Co-Invest units 12/2018 (2) Polymer Solutions Group, LLC Manufacturer of chemical formulations that improve the processing and efficacy of rubber, resin, and engineered wood based end-products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 11/2026 (2)(11) Precision Concepts International LLC and Precision Concepts Canada Corporation (15) Manufacturer of diversified packaging solutions and plastic injection molded products First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 1/2019 1/2025 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 1/2019 1/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 1/2026 (2)(6)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 6/2021 1/2026 (2)(6)(11) SCI PH Parent, Inc. Industrial container manufacturer, reconditioner and servicer Series B shares 8/2018 (2) Technology Hardware Equipment Chariot Buyer LLC (15) Provider of smart access solutions across residential and commercial properties First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 11/2026 (2) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 11/2021 11/2029 (2)(11) Everspin Technologies, Inc. Designer and manufacturer of computer memory solutions Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 10/2016 10/2026 ITI Holdings, Inc. (15) Provider of innovative software and equipment for motor vehicle agencies First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 3/2022 3/2028 (2)(11) Micromeritics Instrument Corp. (15) Scientific instrument manufacturer First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (S) 12/2019 12/2025 (2)(11) Repairify, Inc. and Repairify Holdings, LLC (15) Provider of automotive diagnostics scans and solutions Class A common units 6/2021 (2) 
 F-51 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Wildcat BuyerCo, Inc. and Wildcat Parent, LP (15) Provider and supplier of electrical components for commercial and industrial applications First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (M) 2/2020 2/2026 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 2/2020 2/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 5/2022 2/2026 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2021 2/2026 (2)(11) Limited partnership interests 2/2020 (2) Household Personal Products CDI Holdings III Corp. and CDI Holdings I Corp. (15) Provider of personal care appliances First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(11) Common stock 12/2021 (2) Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC Pharmaceutical holding company of over the counter brands First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 2/2021 10/2026 (2)(11) LifeStyles Bidco Ltd., Lifestyles Intermediate Holdco Ltd. and LifeStyles Parent, L.P. Provider of intimate wellness products First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 11/2022 11/2028 (2)(6)(11) Preferred units PIK 
 11/2022 (2)(6) Class B common units 11/2022 (2)(6) Premier Specialties, Inc. and RMCF V CIV XLIV, L.P. (15) Manufacturer and supplier of natural fragrance materials and cosmeceuticals First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 8/2021 8/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2021 8/2027 (2)(11) Limited partner interests 8/2021 (2) RD Holdco Inc. (5) Manufacturer and marketer of carpet cleaning machines Second lien senior secured loan 1/2017 10/2026 (2)(10) Common stock 1/2017 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 1/2017 12/2023 Walnut Parent, Inc. Manufacturer of natural solution pest and animal control products First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 11/2020 11/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 4/2022 11/2027 (2)(11) Transportation Commercial Trailer Leasing, Inc. (15) Trailer leasing company First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 1/2021 1/2026 (2)(11) 
 F-52 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Second lien senior secured loan 1/2021 1/2027 (2) Shur-Co Acquisition, Inc. and Shur-Co Holdco, Inc. (15) Provider of tarp systems and accessories for trucks, trailers, carts, and specialty equipment used in the agriculture, construction and flatbed markets First lien senior secured revolving loan SOFR (Q) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 6/2021 6/2027 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan SOFR (A) 6/2022 6/2027 (2)(11) Common stock 6/2021 (2) Education Excelligence Holdings Corp. Developer, manufacturer and retailer of educational products First lien senior secured loan SOFR (Q) 4/2017 1/2024 (2)(11) Flinn Scientific, Inc. and WCI-Quantum Holdings, Inc. (15) Distributor of instructional products, services and resources First lien senior secured revolving loan LIBOR (M) 8/2018 8/2024 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 8/2018 8/2024 (2)(11)(14) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 7/2017 8/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (M) 8/2018 8/2024 (2)(11) Series A preferred stock 10/2014 (2) National College of Business and Technology Inc. Leeds IV Advisors, Inc. Private school operator Senior preferred series A-1 shares 10/2015 (2) Series B preferred stock 8/2010 Series B preferred stock 8/2010 Series C preferred stock 6/2010 Series C preferred stock 6/2010 Common stock 6/2010 Common stock 6/2010 Telecommunication Services Aventiv Technologies, LLC and Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc. Provider of inmate telecom solutions to corrections and law enforcement agencies First lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 11/2024 (2)(11)(18) Second lien senior secured loan LIBOR (Q) 5/2022 11/2025 (2)(11) 
 F-53 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company (1) Business Description Investment Coupon (3) Reference (7) Spread (3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares/Units Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Emergency Communications Network, LLC (15) Provider of mission critical emergency mass notification solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2017 6/2024 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 SOFR (Q) 6/2017 6/2024 (2)(11) Total Investments 
 F-54 

Derivative Instruments 
 
 Forward currency contracts 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be Sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation / (Depreciation) Forward currency contract CAD Royal Bank of Canada January 27, 2023 ) Forward currency contract CAD Royal Bank of Canada January 18, 2023 ) Forward currency contract Royal Bank of Canada January 27, 2023 ) Forward currency contract Royal Bank of Canada January 27, 2023 ) Forward currency contract NZD Royal Bank of Canada January 27, 2023 ) Forward currency contract CAD Royal Bank of Canada January 27, 2023 Total ) 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Other than the Company s investments listed in footnote 5 below (subject to the limitations set forth therein), the Company does not Control any of its portfolio companies, for the purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act ). In general, under the Investment Company Act, the Company would Control a portfolio company if the Company owned more than 25 of its outstanding voting securities (i.e., securities with the right to elect directors) and/or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company. All of the Company s portfolio company investments, which as of December 31, 2022 represented of the Company s net assets or of the Company s total assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) 
 F-55 

(4) As defined in the Investment Company Act, the Company is deemed to be an Affiliated Person because it owns 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or it has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Transactions as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022 in which the issuer was an Affiliated Person of the Company (but not a portfolio company that the Company is deemed to Control) are as follows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in millions) Company Purchases (cost) Redemptions (cost) Sales (cost) Interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value Apex Clean Energy TopCo, LLC APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC ) Blue Wolf Capital Fund II, L.P. ) Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. ) ESCP PPG Holdings, LLC ) European Capital UK SME Debt LP PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment, L.P. ) PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment II, L.P. Primrose Holding Corporation ) Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC Sundance Energy Inc. ) Totes Isotoner Corporation and Totes Ultimate Holdco, Inc. ) 
 
 F-56 

(5) As defined in the Investment Company Act, the Company is deemed to be both an Affiliated Person and Control this portfolio company because it owns more than 25 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or it has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Transactions as of and during the year ended December 31, 2022 in which the issuer was both an Affiliated Person and a portfolio company that the Company is deemed to Control are as follows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in millions) Company Purchases (cost) Redemptions (cost) Sales (cost) Interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC ACAS Equity Holdings Corporation ADF Capital, Inc., ADF Restaurant Group, LLC, and ARG Restaurant Holdings, Inc. CoLTs 2005-1 Ltd. Eckler Industries, Inc. and Eckler Purchaser LLC ) Halex Holdings, Inc. HCI Equity, LLC Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC and Heelstone Renewable Energy Investors, LLC Imaging Business Machines, L.L.C. and Scanner Holdings Corporation ) Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. ) Joyce Lane Capital LLC and Joyce Lane Financing SPV LLC (fka Ciena Capital LLC) Navisun LLC and Navisun Holdings LLC ) Olympia Acquisition, Inc., Olympia TopCo, L.P., and Asclepius Holdings LLC ) Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC ) PS Operating Company LLC and PS Op Holdings LLC RD Holdco Inc. ) S Toys Holdings LLC (fka The Step2 Company, LLC) ) Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC ) Startec Equity, LLC VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC ) 
 ______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Together with Varagon Capital Partners Varagon and its clients, the Company has co-invested through the Senior Direct Lending Program LLC (d/b/a the Senior Direct Lending Program or the SDLP ). The SDLP has been capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the SDLP must be approved by an investment committee of the SDLP consisting of representatives of the Company and Varagon (with approval from a representative of each required); therefore, although the Company owns more than of the voting securities of the SDLP, the Company does not believe that it has control over the SDLP (for purposes of the Investment Company Act or otherwise) because, among other things, these voting securities do not afford the Company the right to elect directors of the SDLP or any other special rights (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 (6) 
 F-57 

of the Company's total assets are represented by investments at fair value and other assets that are considered "non-qualifying assets" as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 (7) Variable rate loans to the Company s portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), at the borrower s option, which reset annually (A), semi-annually (S), quarterly (Q), bi-monthly (B), monthly (M) or daily (D). For each such loan, the Company has provided the interest rate in effect on the date presented. SOFR based contracts may include a credit spread adjustment that is charged in addition to the base rate and the stated spread. 
 
 (8) on in aggregate principal amount of a first out tranche of the portfolio company s senior term debt previously syndicated by the Company into first out and last out tranches, whereby the first out tranche will have priority as to the last out tranche with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder. 
 
 (9) in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the portfolio company s first lien senior secured revolving loan. As the transaction did not qualify as a true sale in accordance with GAAP, the Company recorded a corresponding secured borrowing, at fair value, included in secured borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, the interest rate in effect for the secured borrowing was . 
 
 (10) 
 
 (11) 
 
 (12) In addition to the interest earned based on the stated contractual interest rate of this security, the certificates entitle the holders thereof to receive a portion of the excess cash flow from the SDLP s loan portfolio, after expenses, which may result in a return to the Company greater than the contractual stated interest rate. 
 
 (13) 
 
 (14) 
 
 (15) As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following commitments to fund various revolving and delayed draw senior secured and subordinated loans, including commitments to issue letters of credit through a financial intermediary on behalf of certain portfolio companies. Such commitments are subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the documents governing these loans and letters of credit and there can be no assurance that such conditions will be satisfied. See Note 7 for further information on revolving and delayed draw loan commitments, including commitments to issue letters of credit, related to certain portfolio companies. 
 F-58 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC ) Abzena Holdings, Inc. and Astro Group Holdings Ltd. Accommodations Plus Technologies LLC and Accommodations Plus Technologies Holdings LLC ) ADG, LLC and RC IV GEDC Investor LLC ) Advarra Holdings, Inc. AffiniPay Midco, LLC and AffiniPay Intermediate Holdings, LLC AI Fire Buyer, Inc. and AI Fire Parent LLC ) AIM Acquisition, LLC Alcami Corporation and ACM Note Holdings, LLC American Residential Services L.L.C. and Aragorn Parent Holdings LP ) Anaplan, Inc. Anaqua Parent Holdings, Inc. Astorg VII Co-Invest Anaqua APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC Applied Technical Services, LLC ) Appriss Health, LLC and Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Apptio, Inc. ) AQ Sage Buyer, LLC AQ Sunshine, Inc. ) Argenbright Holdings V, LLC and Amberstone Security Group Limited ASP-r-pac Acquisition CO LLC and ASP-r-pac Holdings LP AthenaHealth Group Inc., Minerva Holdco, Inc. and BCPE Co-Invest (A), LP ATI Restoration, LLC ) Atlas Intermediate III, L.L.C. ) Avalara, Inc. Aventine Intermediate LLC Aventine Holdings II LLC Avetta, LLC AxiomSL Group, Inc. and Calypso Group, Inc. BAART Programs, Inc., MedMark Services, Inc., and Canadian Addiction Treatment Centres LP Banyan Software Holdings, LLC and Banyan Software, LP ) Beacon Pointe Harmony, LLC Belfor Holdings, Inc. ) Benecon Midco II LLC and Locutus Holdco LLC Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Berner Food Beverage, LLC ) BlueHalo Financing Holdings, LLC, BlueHalo Global Holdings, LLC, and BlueHalo, LLC ) Borrower R365 Holdings LLC Bottomline Technologies, Inc. Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. Businessolver.com, Inc. Cadence Aerospace, LLC ) Caerus Midco 3 S. r.l. Capstone Acquisition Holdings, Inc. and Capstone Parent Holdings, LP ) Captive Resources Midco, LLC Cardinal Parent, Inc. and Packers Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ) CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. ) CDI Holdings III Corp. and CDI Holdings I Corp. Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC ) ) Centric Brands LLC and Centric Brands GP LLC ) Chariot Buyer LLC ) Cheyenne Petroleum Company Limited Partnership, CPC 2001 LLC and Mill Shoals LLC CMG HoldCo, LLC and CMG Buyer Holdings, Inc. ) Cobalt Buyer Sub, Inc., Cobalt Holdings I, LP, and Cobalt Intermediate I, Inc. ) 
 F-59 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments Commercial Trailer Leasing, Inc. Community Brands ParentCo, LLC Compex Legal Services, Inc. ) Comprehensive EyeCare Partners, LLC ) Concert Golf Partners Holdco LLC Consilio Midco Limited, Compusoft US LLC, and Consilio Investment Holdings, L.P. ) Continental Caf , LLC and Infinity Ovation Yacht Charters, LLC ) Convera International Holdings Limited and Convera International Financial S.A R.L. CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP Cority Software Inc., Cority Software (USA) Inc., and Cority Parent, Inc. Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. and Sunshine Software Holdings, Inc. ) Covaris Intermediate 3, LLC Covaris Parent, LLC ) Coyote Buyer, LLC CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC Crown CT Parent Inc., Crown CT HoldCo Inc. and Crown CT Management LLC CST Holding Company ) CVP Holdco, Inc. and OMERS Wildcats Investment Holdings LLC DecoPac, Inc. and KCAKE Holdings Inc. ) Denali Holdco LLC and Denali Apexco LP DFC Global Facility Borrower III LLC ) Diligent Corporation and Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. ) Display Holding Company, Inc., Saldon Holdings, Inc. and Fastsigns Holdings Inc. DRS Holdings III, Inc. and DRS Holdings I, Inc. DS Admiral Bidco, LLC Dye Durham Corporation ) Dynamic NC Aerospace Holdings, LLC and Dynamic NC Investment Holdings, LP Elemica Parent, Inc. EZ Elemica Holdings, Inc. ) Elevation Services Parent Holdings, LLC ) Emergency Communications Network, LLC ) EP Wealth Advisors, LLC EpiServer Inc. and Episerver Sweden Holdings AB EPS NASS Parent, Inc. ) eResearch Technology, Inc. and Astorg VII Co-Invest ERT ESHA Research, LLC and RMCF VI CIV XLVIII, L.P. Essential Services Holding Corporation and OMERS Mahomes Investment Holdings LLC ) Explorer Investor, Inc Extrahop Networks, Inc. Faraday Buyer, LLC FL Hawk Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Flinn Scientific, Inc. and WCI-Quantum Holdings, Inc. ) FM:Systems Group, LLC Forescout Technologies, Inc. Foundation Risk Partners, Corp. ) FS Squared Holding Corp. and FS Squared, LLC ) Galway Borrower LLC ) Genesis Acquisition Co. and Genesis Ultimate Holding Co. ) GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation, Commerce Parent, Inc. and Commerce Topco, LLC GI Ranger Intermediate LLC ) Global Music Rights, LLC GNZ Energy Bidco Limited and Galileo Co-investment Trust I Gotham Greens Holdings, PBC GraphPAD Software, LLC, Insightful Science Intermediate I, LLC and Insightful Science Holdings, LLC 
 F-60 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments HAI Acquisition Corporation and Aloha Topco, LLC Harvey Tool Company, LLC HealthEdge Software, Inc. ) Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. HGC Holdings, LLC HH-Stella, Inc. and Bedrock Parent Holdings, LP ) High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC Highline Aftermarket Acquisition, LLC, Highline Aftermarket SC Acquisition, Inc. and Highline PPC Blocker LLC ) Hometown Food Company ) Huskies Parent, Inc., GI Insurity Parent LLC and GI Insurity TopCo LP ) Infinity Home Services HoldCo, Inc. and IHS Parent Holdings, L.P. Inszone Mid, LLC and INSZ Holdings, LLC IQN Holding Corp. ISQ Hawkeye Holdco, Inc. and ISQ Hawkeye Holdings, LLC ) ITI Holdings, Inc. ) JDC Healthcare Management, LLC ) K2 Insurance Services, LLC and K2 Holdco LP Kaseya Inc. and Knockout Intermediate Holdings I Inc. KBHS Acquisition, LLC (d/b/a Alita Care, LLC) ) Kene Acquisition, Inc. and Kene Holdings, L.P. ) Laboratories Bidco LLC and Laboratories Topco LLC ) LeanTaaS Holdings, Inc. Leviathan Intermediate Holdco, LLC and Leviathan Holdings, L.P. ) Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC Lido Advisors, LLC ) LJ Perimeter Buyer, Inc. and LJ Perimeter Co-Invest, L.P. LJP Purchaser, Inc. and LJP Topco, LP Lower ACS, Inc. LSP Holdco, LLC and ZBS Mechanical Group Co-Invest Fund 2, LLC Majesco and Magic Topco, L.P. Management Consulting Research LLC Manna Pro Products, LLC ) Marmic Purchaser, LLC and Marmic Topco, L.P. Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp., Metis Holdco, Inc. and Metis Topco, LP ) McKenzie Creative Brands, LLC ) Medline Borrower, LP ) Micromeritics Instrument Corp. Mimecast Borrowerco, Inc. and Magnesium Co- Invest SCSp Ministry Brands Holdings, LLC and RCP MB Investments B, L.P. ) Monica Holdco (US) Inc. ) Moonraker AcquisitionCo LLC and Moonraker HoldCo LLC MRI Software LLC Murchison Oil and Gas, LLC and Murchison Holdings, LLC n2y Holding, LLC NAS, LLC and Nationwide Marketing Group, LLC ) National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company ) NCWS Intermediate, Inc. and NCWS Holdings LP Nelipak Holding Company, Nelipak European Holdings Cooperatief U.A., KNPAK Holdings, LP and PAKNK Netherlands Treasury B.V. ) Neptune Bidco US Inc. and Elliott Metron Co-Investor Aggregator L.P. Nest Topco Borrower Inc., KKR Nest Co-Invest L.P., and NBLY 2021-1 NMC Skincare Intermediate Holdings II, LLC NMN Holdings III Corp. and NMN Holdings LP ) Noble Aerospace, LLC ) North American Fire Holdings, LLC and North American Fire Ultimate Holdings, LLC 
 F-61 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments North Haven Fairway Buyer, LLC, Fairway Lawns, LLC and Command Pest Control, LLC North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC and North Haven Falcon Holding Company, LLC North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC ) Offen, Inc. Olympia Acquisition, Inc., Olympia TopCo, L.P., and Asclepius Holdings LLC ) OneDigital Borrower LLC ) Pathway Vet Alliance LLC and Jedi Group Holdings LLC Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC Paya, Inc and GTCR-Ultra Holdings LLC PDDS HoldCo, Inc. PDI TA Holdings, Inc., Peachtree Parent, Inc. and Insight PDI Holdings, LLC ) Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC, Mekone Blocker Acquisition, Inc. and Mekone Parent, LLC Pelican Products, Inc. People Corporation ) Perforce Software, Inc. Petroleum Service Group LLC ) Petrus Buyer, Inc. Petvisor Holdings, LLC Ping Identity Holding Corp. Pluralsight, Inc. ) Precision Concepts International LLC and Precision Concepts Canada Corporation ) Premier Specialties, Inc. and RMCF V CIV XLIV, L.P. ) Premise Health Holding Corp. and OMERS Bluejay Investment Holdings LP ) Prime Buyer, L.L.C. ) Pritchard Industries, LLC and LJ Pritchard TopCo Holdings, LLC Professional Fighters League, LLC and PFL MMA, Inc. ProfitSolv Purchaser, Inc. and PS Co-Invest, L.P. Project Essential Bidco, Inc. and Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. Project Potter Buyer, LLC and Project Potter Parent, L.P. ) Proofpoint, Inc. PS Operating Company LLC and PS Op Holdings LLC ) Pueblo Mechanical and Controls, LLC and OMERS PMC Investment Holdings LLC Pyramid Management Advisors, LLC and Pyramid Investors, LLC ) QF Holdings, Inc. Qnnect, LLC and Connector TopCo, LP Radius Aerospace, Inc. and Radius Aerospace Europe Limited ) Radwell Parent, LLC Raptor Technologies, LLC, Sycamore Bidco LTD and Rocket Parent, LLC RB Holdings InterCo, LLC ) Reddy Ice LLC Redwood Services, LLC and Redwood Services Holdco, LLC Reef Lifestyle, LLC ) Registrar Intermediate, LLC and PSP Registrar Co-Investment Fund, L.P. Relativity ODA LLC Repairify, Inc. and Repairify Holdings, LLC Revalize, Inc. Rialto Management Group, LLC ) Riser Merger Sub, Inc. Riverview Power LLC RMS HoldCo II, LLC RMS Group Holdings, Inc. Rodeo AcquisitionCo LLC ) 
 F-62 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments RSC Acquisition, Inc. and RSC Insurance Brokerage, Inc. RTI Surgical, Inc. and Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc. ) SageSure Holdings, LLC Insight Catastrophe Group, LLC ) Schill Landscaping and Lawn Care Services LLC, Tender Lawn Care ULC and Landscape Parallel Partners, L.P. ) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. ) SCM Insurance Services Inc. SFE Intermediate Holdco LLC ) Shermco Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ) Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC Shur-Co Acquisition, Inc. and Shur-Co Holdco, Inc. ) SiroMed Physician Services, Inc. and SiroMed Equity Holdings, LLC SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. and SM Holdco, Inc. Smarsh Inc. and Skywalker TopCo, LLC Spirit RR Holdings, Inc. and Winterfell Co-Invest SCSp Star US Bidco LLC Sun Acquirer Corp. and Sun TopCo, LP ) Sundance Group Holdings, Inc. Sunk Rock Foundry Partners LP, Hatteras Electrical Manufacturing Holding Company and Sigma Electric Manufacturing Corporation, Diecast Beacon ) Sunrun Luna Holdco 2021, LLC ) SV-Burton Holdings, LLC and LBC Breeze Holdings LLC Symplr Software Inc. and Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ) Synergy HomeCare Franchising, LLC and NP/Synergy Holdings, LLC TA/WEG Holdings, LLC Tamarack Intermediate, L.L.C. and Tamarack Parent, L.L.C. ) Taymax Group, L.P., Taymax Group G.P., LLC, PF Salem Canada ULC and TCP Fit Parent, L.P. ) TCP Hawker Intermediate LLC ) TerSera Therapeutics LLC The Alaska Club Partners, LLC, Athletic Club Partners LLC and The Alaska Club, Inc. The Arcticom Group, LLC and AMCP Mechanical Holdings, LP ) The Mather Group, LLC, TVG-TMG Topco, Inc., and TVG-TMG Holdings, LLC ) The NPD Group, L.P., IRI Group Holdings, Inc., Information Resources, Inc. and IRI-NPD Co-Invest Aggregator, L.P. ) The Ultimus Group Midco, LLC, The Ultimus Group, LLC, and The Ultimus Group Aggregator, LP Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. THG Acquisition, LLC TibCo Software Inc., Picard Parent, Inc., Picard MidCo, Inc., Picard HoldCo, LLC and Elliott Alto Co-Investor Aggregator L.P. Trader Corporation and Project Auto Finco Corp. Two Six Labs, LLC UKG Inc. and H F Unite Partners, L.P. ) United Digestive MSO Parent, LLC US Salt Investors, LLC and Emerald Lake Pearl Acquisition-A, L.P. Verista, Inc. ) Verscend Holding Corp. VPP Intermediate Holdings, LLC and VPP Group Holdings, L.P. VRC Companies, LLC VS Buyer, LLC Watermill Express, LLC and Watermill Express Holdings, LLC Waverly Advisors, LLC WebPT, Inc. ) Wellness AcquisitionCo, Inc. Wildcat BuyerCo, Inc. and Wildcat Parent, LP ) WorkWave Intermediate II, LLC WSHP FC Acquisition LLC and WSHP FC Holdings LLC ) 
 F-63 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments XIFIN, Inc. and ACP Charger Co-Invest LLC ) YE Brands Holdings, LLC ) ZB Holdco LLC ZB Parent LLC ) ZenDesk, Inc., Zoro TopCo, Inc. and Zoro TopCo, LP ) ) 
 
 (16) As of December 31, 2022, the Company was party to subscription agreements to fund equity investments in private equity investment partnerships as follows: 
 (in millions) Company Total private equity commitments Less: funded private equity commitments Total unfunded private equity commitments Less: private equity commitments substantially at the discretion of the Company Total net adjusted unfunded private equity commitments PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment, L.P. and PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment II, L.P. ) ) Athyrium Buffalo LP ) ) European Capital UK SME Debt LP ) ) ) ) 
 
 (17) As of December 31, 2022, the Company had commitments to co-invest in the SDLP for its portion of the SDLP s commitment to fund delayed draw loans of up to . See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the SDLP. 
 
 (18) 
 
 (19) As of December 31, 2022, the estimated net unrealized loss for federal tax purposes was billion based on a tax cost basis of billion. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated aggregate gross unrealized loss for federal income tax purposes was billion and the estimated aggregate gross unrealized gain for federal income tax purposes was billion. 
 F-64 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Software Services 2U, Inc. Provider of course design and learning management system to educational institutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 06/2021 12/2024 (2)(6)(12) AffiniPay Midco, LLC and AffiniPay Intermediate Holdings, LLC (16) Payment processing solution provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2020 03/2026 (12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 02/2020 02/2028 (2) Anaqua Parent Holdings, Inc. Astorg VII Co-Invest Anaqua (16) Provider of intellectual property management lifecycle software First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 04/2019 04/2026 First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 04/2026 (2)(12) Limited partnership units 06/2019 (2)(6) APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC (4)(16) Aircraft performance software provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2020 01/2025 (2)(12) Class A membership units 01/2020 (2) Appriss Health, LLC and Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (16) Software platform for identification, prevention and management of substance use disorder First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2027 (2)(12) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 05/2021 (2) Apptio, Inc. (16) Provider of cloud-based technology business management solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 01/2019 01/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2019 01/2025 (12) Avetta, LLC (16) Supply chain risk management SaaS platform for global enterprise clients First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 04/2024 (2)(12) AxiomSL Group, Inc. and Calypso Group, Inc. (16) Provider of risk data management and regulatory reporting software First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Banyan Software Holdings, LLC and Banyan Software, LP (16) Vertical software businesses holding company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 10/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 10/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 10/2026 (2)(12) Borrower R365 Holdings LLC (16) Provider of restaurant ERP systems First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2027 (2)(12) Businessolver.com, Inc. (16) Provider of SaaS-based benefits solutions for employers and employees First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) CallMiner, Inc. Provider of cloud-based conversational analytics solutions Warrant to purchase shares of Series 1 preferred stock 07/2014 07/2024 (2) 
 F-65 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Cardinal Parent, Inc. and Packers Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (16) Provider of software and technology-enabled content and analytical solutions to insurance brokers First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(12) Series A-2 preferred shares PIK 
 Libor (Q) 12/2020 (2) Series A-3 preferred shares PIK 
 11/2021 (2) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 Libor (Q) 11/2020 (2) Consilio Midco Limited and Consilio Investment Holdings, L.P. (16) Provider of sales software for the interior design industry First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 11/2021 05/2028 (2)(6) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2028 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Base Rate (Q) 05/2021 05/2028 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2028 (2)(6)(12) Common units 05/2021 (2)(6) CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP (16) Provider of information, insight, analytics, software and other outsourced services primarily to the mortgage, real estate and insurance sectors Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 06/2021 06/2029 (2)(12) Limited partnership units 04/2021 (2) Cority Software Inc., IQS, Inc. and Cority Parent, Inc. (16) Provider of environmental, health and safety software to track compliance data First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2026 (6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 07/2026 (6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2020 07/2026 (2)(6)(12) Preferred equity PIK 
 07/2019 (2)(6) Common equity 07/2019 (2)(6) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. and Sunshine Software Holdings, Inc. (16) Provider of a cloud-based, SaaS platform for talent management First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2021 (14) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2029 (12) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 10/2021 (2) Class A-1 common stock 10/2021 (2) Datix Bidco Limited Global healthcare software company that provides software solutions for patient safety and risk management First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 04/2025 (2)(6) DCert Preferred Holdings, Inc. and Destiny Digital Holdings, L.P. Provider of internet security tools and solutions Series A preferred shares PIK 
 05/2021 (2) Series A units 05/2021 (2) 
 F-66 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Denali Holdco LLC and Denali Topco LLC (16) Provider of cybersecurity audit and assessment services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 09/2021 (2) Diligent Corporation and Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. (16) Provider of secure SaaS solutions for board and leadership team documents First lien senior secured revolving loan 08/2020 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2020 08/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 08/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 08/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 08/2025 (2)(12) Preferred stock PIK 
 04/2021 (2) Drilling Info Holdings, Inc. and Titan DI Preferred Holdings, Inc. SaaS based business analytics company focused on oil and gas industry Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 02/2020 07/2026 Preferred stock PIK 
 02/2020 (2) DS Admiral Bidco, LLC (16) Tax return software provider for government institutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2028 (2)(12) Dye Durham Corporation (16) Provider of cloud-based software and technology solutions for the legal industry First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(6)(12) Elemica Parent, Inc. EZ Elemica Holdings, Inc. (16) SaaS based supply chain management software provider focused on chemical markets First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 09/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 09/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 09/2025 (2)(12) Preferred equity 09/2019 EP Purchaser, LLC and TPG VIII EP Co-Invest II, L.P. Provider of entertainment workforce and production management solutions Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2029 (2)(12) Partnership units 05/2019 (2)(6) EpiServer Inc. and Episerver Sweden Holdings AB (16) Provider of web content management and digital commerce solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 04/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 03/2019 04/2026 (2) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2018 04/2026 (2)(12) eResearch Technology, Inc. and Astorg VII Co-Invest ERT (16) Provider of mission-critical, software-enabled clinical research solutions Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 02/2020 02/2028 (12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 02/2028 (2)(12) Limited partnership interest 01/2020 (2)(6) 
 F-67 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets ExtraHop Networks, Inc. (16) Provider of real-time wire data analytics solutions for application and infrastructure monitoring First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) First Insight, Inc. Software company providing merchandising and pricing solutions to companies worldwide Warrant to purchase units of Series C preferred stock 03/2014 03/2024 (2) FM:Systems Group, LLC (16) Provider of facilities and space management software solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 02/2018 12/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 12/2024 (2)(12) Forescout Technologies, Inc. (16) Network access control solutions provider First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 08/2020 08/2026 (2)(12) Frontline Technologies Group Holding LLC, Frontline Technologies Blocker Buyer, Inc., Frontline Technologies Holdings, LLC and Frontline Technologies Parent, LLC Provider of human capital management and SaaS-based software solutions to employees and administrators of K-12 school organizations First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 09/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 09/2023 (2)(12) Class A preferred units PIK 
 09/2017 Class B common units 09/2017 Genesis Acquisition Co. and Genesis Ultimate Holding Co. (16) Child care management software and services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2024 (2) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 07/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2024 (2) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 07/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2025 (2) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 07/2025 (2) Class A common stock 07/2018 (2) GI Ranger Intermediate LLC (16) Provider of payment processing services and software to healthcare providers First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC (16) Provider of construction software First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2028 (2)(12) 
 F-68 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Huskies Parent, Inc., GI Insurity Parent LLC, and GI Insurity Topco LP (16) Insurance software provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2028 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 11/2021 11/2031 (2) Company units 11/2021 (2) IfByPhone Inc. Voice-based marketing automation software provider Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 10/2012 10/2022 (2) Inmar Technology-driven solutions provider for retailers, wholesalers and manufacturers Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2017 05/2025 (2)(12) Insightful Science Provider of data analysis, statistics, and visualization software solutions for scientific research applications First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2017 04/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 04/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 04/2027 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 04/2021 04/2032 (2) Preferred units PIK 
 04/2021 IV Rollover Holdings, LLC Provider of cloud based IT solutions, infrastructure and services Class B units 05/2017 (2) Class X units 05/2017 (2) Majesco and Magic Topco, L.P. (16) Insurance software provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2020 09/2027 (2)(12) Class A units PIK 
 09/2020 (2) Class B units 09/2020 (2) Ministry Brands Holdings, LLC and RCP MB Investments B, L.P. (16) Software and payment services provider to faith-based institutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2028 (2)(12) Limited partner interests 12/2021 (2) Ministry Brands, LLC and MB Parent HoldCo, L.P. (dba Community Brands) (16) Software and payment services provider to non-profit institutions First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 12/2016 12/2022 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2017 12/2022 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2017 12/2022 (12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2016 06/2023 (12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2017 06/2023 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2017 06/2023 (2)(12) 
 F-69 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2018 06/2023 (2)(12) Class A units 12/2016 (2) Mitchell International, Inc. Provider of technology, connectivity, and information solutions to the property and casualty insurance industry Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(12)(19) MMIT Holdings, LLC (16) Provider of market intelligence and analysis for the pharmaceutical industry First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) MRI Software LLC (16) Provider of real estate and investment management software First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2020 02/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2020 02/2026 (2)(12) OpenMarket Inc. Provider of cloud-based mobile engagement platform First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2026 (2)(6)(12) Paya, Inc and GTCR-Ultra Holdings LLC (16) Provider of payment processing and merchant acquiring solutions Class B units 08/2017 (2) PayNearMe, Inc. Electronic cash payment system provider Warrant to purchase shares of Series E preferred stock 03/2016 03/2023 (2) PDI TA Holdings, Inc., Peachtree Parent, Inc. and Insight PDI Holdings, LLC (16) Provider of enterprise management software for the convenience retail and petroleum wholesale market First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2019 10/2024 (12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 10/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2019 10/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 10/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 04/2021 10/2025 (2)(12) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 03/2019 (2) Class A units 03/2019 (2) Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC, Mekone Blocker Acquisition, Inc. and Mekone Parent, LLC (16) Provider of plant maintenance and scheduling software First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2019 05/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2020 05/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 05/2025 (2)(12) Class A units 05/2019 Pluralsight, Inc. (16) Online education learning platform First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2027 (2)(12) 
 F-70 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Poplicus Incorporated Business intelligence and market analytics platform for companies that sell to the public sector Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 06/2015 06/2025 (2) PracticeTek Purchaser, LLC and GSV PracticeTek Holdings, LLC Software provider for medical practitioners Class A units PIK 
 03/2021 (2) ProfitSolv Purchaser, Inc. and PS Co-Invest, L.P. (16) Provider of practice management software to law firms First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) Limited partnership units 03/2021 (2) Project Alpha Intermediate Holding, Inc. and Qlik Parent, Inc. Provider of data visualization software for data analytics Class A common stock 08/2016 (2) Class B common stock 08/2016 (2) Project Essential Bidco, Inc. and Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. (16) Saas provider of automated crew callout and scheduling software for the utility industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2028 (2)(12) Preferred shares PIK 
 Libor (Q) 04/2021 (2)(12) Project Potter Buyer, LLC and Project Potter Parent, L.P. (16) Software solutions provider to the ready-mix concrete industry First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 04/2020 04/2026 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2020 04/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 10/2020 04/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2020 04/2027 (2)(12) Class A units PIK 
 04/2020 (2) Class B units 04/2020 (2) Proofpoint, Inc. (16) Cybersecurity solutions provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 08/2028 (2)(12)(19) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 08/2029 (2)(12) QF Holdings, Inc. (16) SaaS based electronic health record software provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 12/2027 (2)(12) Raptor Technologies, LLC, Sycamore Bidco LTD and Rocket Parent, LLC (16) Provider of SaaS-based safety and security software to the K-12 school market First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(6)(12) Class A common units 12/2018 RealPage, Inc. Provider of enterprise software solutions to the residential real estate industry Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 04/2029 (2)(12) Regent Education, Inc. Provider of software solutions designed to optimize the financial aid and enrollment processes Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 12/2016 12/2026 (2) 
 F-71 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 12/2016 12/2026 (2) Relativity ODA LLC (16) Electronic discovery document review software platform for use in litigations and investigations First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 05/2021 05/2027 (2)(12) RMS Holdco II, LLC RMS Group Holdings, Inc. (16) Developer of revenue cycle management solutions, process automation, analytics and integration for the healthcare industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Class A common stock 12/2021 (2) Smarsh Inc., MobileGuard, LLC, Actiance, Inc. and Skywalker TopCo, LLC SaaS based communication archival service provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(12) Common units 11/2020 (2) SocialFlow, Inc. Social media optimization platform provider Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 01/2016 01/2026 (2) Sophia, L.P. Provider of ERP software and services for higher education institutions Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 10/2028 (2)(12) SoundCloud Limited Platform for receiving, sending, and distributing music Common stock 08/2017 (2)(6) Stamps.com Inc. Provider of mailing and shipping solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Storable, Inc. and EQT IX Co-Investment (E) SCSP PMS solutions and web services for the self-storage industry Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2029 (2)(12) Limited partnership interests 04/2021 (2)(6) Sundance Group Holdings, Inc. (16) Provider of cloud-based document management and collaboration solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) TCP Hawker Intermediate LLC (16) Workforce management solutions provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 08/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 08/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2019 08/2026 (12) The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. and H F Unite Partners, L.P. (16) Provider of cloud based HCM solutions for businesses First lien senior secured revolving loan 05/2019 (6)(14) Limited partnership interests 05/2019 (2)(6) Verscend Holding Corp. (16) Healthcare analytics solutions provider First lien senior secured revolving loan 08/2018 (14) WebPT, Inc. (16) Electronic medical record software provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2019 08/2024 (2)(12) 
 F-72 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Wellness AcquisitionCo, Inc. (16) Provider of retail consumer insights and analytics for manufacturers and retailers in the natural, organic and specialty products industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2021 01/2027 (2)(12) WorkWave Intermediate II, LLC (16) Provider of cloud-based field services and fleet management solutions First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2027 (2)(12) Health Care Services Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC (5)(16) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Base rate (Q) 06/2021 06/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2024 (2)(12) Class A common units 06/2021 (2) ADG, LLC and RC IV GEDC Investor LLC (16) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Base rate (A) 09/2016 09/2022 (2)(12) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 09/2016 09/2022 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 09/2016 03/2024 (2)(12) Membership units 09/2016 (2) Alteon Health, LLC Provider of physician management services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2017 09/2023 (2)(12) Athenahealth, Inc., VVC Holding Corp., Virence Intermediate Holding Corp., and Virence Holdings LLC (16) Revenue cycle management provider to the physician practices and acute care hospitals Class A interests 02/2019 (2) Bambino Group Holdings, LLC Dental services provider Class A preferred units 12/2016 (2) Bearcat Buyer, Inc. and Bearcat Parent, Inc. (16) Provider of central institutional review boards over clinical trials Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2027 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 07/2027 (2)(12) Class B common units 07/2019 (2) CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. (16) Correctional facility healthcare operator First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2018 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2018 10/2025 Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC (16) Autism treatment and services provider specializing in applied behavior analysis therapy First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 11/2018 11/2023 (2)(15) Comprehensive EyeCare Partners, LLC (16) Vision care practice management company First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 02/2018 02/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2018 02/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Base Rate (Q) 04/2021 02/2024 (2)(12) 
 F-73 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 02/2024 (2)(12) Convey Health Solutions, Inc. Healthcare workforce management software provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 09/2019 09/2026 (12) CVP Holdco, Inc. and OMERS Wildcats Investment Holdings LLC (16) Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 10/2019 10/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 10/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 10/2025 (2)(12) Common stock 10/2019 (2) GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation, Commerce Parent, Inc. and Commerce Topco, LLC On-demand supply chain automation solutions provider to the healthcare industry Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2029 (2)(12) Class A units 06/2017 (2) Global Medical Response, Inc. and GMR Buyer Corp. Emergency air medical services provider Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(12) Warrant to purchase units of common stock 03/2018 03/2028 (2) Warrant to purchase units of common stock 12/2021 12/2031 (2) HealthEdge Software, Inc. (16) Provider of financial, administrative and clinical software platforms to the healthcare industry First lien senior secured revolving loan 12/2021 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 04/2026 (2)(12) Honor Technology, Inc. Nursing and home care provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2021 08/2026 (2)(12) Warrant to purchase shares of series D-2 preferred stock 08/2021 08/2031 (2) JDC Healthcare Management, LLC (16) Dental services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan 04/2017 04/2022 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan 04/2017 04/2023 (2)(11) KBHS Acquisition, LLC (d/b/a Alita Care, LLC) (16) Provider of behavioral health services First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 03/2017 03/2024 (2)(12) MCH Holdings, Inc., MC Acquisition Holdings I, LLC and Privia Health Group, Inc. Healthcare professional provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 07/2017 07/2022 (12) Class A units 01/2014 (2) Napa Management Services Corporation and ASP NAPA Holdings, LLC Anesthesia management services provider Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2016 10/2023 (2)(12) Preferred units PIK 
 06/2020 (2) Senior preferred units PIK 
 06/2020 (2) 
 F-74 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Class A units 04/2016 (2) NMN Holdings III Corp. and NMN Holdings LP (16) Provider of complex rehabilitation technology solutions for patients with mobility loss First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2018 (14) Partnership units 11/2018 (2) NueHealth Performance, LLC (16) Developer, builder and manager of specialty surgical hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 09/2018 09/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 09/2018 09/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 02/2020 09/2023 (2)(12) Olympia Acquisition, Inc. and Olympia TopCo, L.P. (16) Behavioral health and special education platform provider First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 09/2019 09/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 12/2020 09/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 09/2019 09/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 12/2020 09/2026 (12) Preferred units PIK 
 07/2021 (2) Class A common units 09/2019 (2) OMH-HealthEdge Holdings, LLC Revenue cycle management provider to the healthcare industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 10/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 10/2025 (12) Pathway Vet Alliance LLC and Jedi Group Holdings LLC (16) Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured revolving loan 03/2020 (14) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2020 03/2028 (2)(12) Class R common units 03/2020 (2) PhyMED Management LLC Provider of anesthesia services Second lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 12/2015 09/2022 (2)(12) Premise Health Holding Corp. and OMERS Bluejay Investment Holdings LP (16) Provider of employer-sponsored onsite health and wellness clinics and pharmacies First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2023 (2)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2025 Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2026 (2) Class A units 07/2018 (2) Project Ruby Ultimate Parent Corp. (dba Wellsky) Provider of care coordination and transition management software solutions Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2021 03/2029 (2)(12) 
 F-75 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Respicardia, Inc. Developer of implantable therapies to improve cardiovascular health Warrant to purchase shares of Series C preferred stock 06/2012 06/2022 (2) RTI Surgical, Inc. and Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc. (16) Manufacturer of biologic, metal and synthetic implants/devices First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 07/2020 07/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2020 07/2026 (12) SiroMed Physician Services, Inc. and SiroMed Equity Holdings, LLC (16) Outsourced anesthesia provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2018 03/2024 (12) Common units 03/2018 (2) SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. and SM Holdco, Inc. (16) Breast cancer screening provider Series A units 08/2018 (2) Series B units 08/2018 (2) Symplr Software Inc. and Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. (16) SaaS based healthcare compliance platform provider Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2028 (2)(12) Series C-1 preferred shares PIK 
 06/2021 (2) Series C-2 preferred shares PIK 
 06/2021 (2) Series C-3 preferred shares PIK 
 10/2021 (2) Synergy HomeCare Franchising, LLC and NP/Synergy Holdings, LLC (16) Franchisor of private pay home care for the elderly First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2018 04/2024 (12) Common units 04/2018 Teligent, Inc (16) Pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures and markets injectable pharmaceutical products Second lien senior secured loan 10/2021 01/2022 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan 01/2021 12/2022 (2)(11) Second lien senior secured loan 12/2018 12/2022 (2)(11) Series D preferred stock 01/2021 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 04/2020 04/2025 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 07/2020 07/2025 (2) Therapy Brands Holdings LLC (16) Provider of software solutions for the mental and behavioral health market segments Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 05/2029 (2)(12) Touchstone Acquisition, Inc. and Touchstone Holding, L.P. Manufacturer of consumable products in the dental, medical, cosmetic and consumer/industrial end-markets Class A preferred units PIK 
 11/2018 (2) 
 F-76 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets U.S. Anesthesia Partners, Inc. U.S. Anesthesia Partners Holdings, Inc. Anesthesiology service provider Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(12) Common stock 12/2021 (2) VPP Intermediate Holdings, LLC and VPP Group Holdings, L.P. (16) Veterinary hospital operator First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Class A-2 units 12/2021 (2) WSHP FC Acquisition LLC (16) Provider of biospecimen products for pharma research First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 03/2018 03/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2018 03/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2019 03/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2019 03/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 03/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) Commercial Professional Services Accommodations Plus Technologies LLC and Accommodations Plus Technologies Holdings LLC (16) Provider of outsourced crew accommodations and logistics management solutions to the airline industry First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 05/2018 05/2023 (2)(12) Class A common units 05/2018 Aero Operating LLC Provider of snow removal and melting service for airports and marine terminals First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 02/2020 02/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 02/2026 (2)(12) Argenbright Holdings V, LLC Provider of outsourced security guard services, outsourced facilities management and outsourced aviation services First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2021 11/2026 (2)(12) Capstone Acquisition Holdings, Inc. and Capstone Parent Holdings, LP (16) Outsourced supply chain solutions provider to operators of distribution centers First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2027 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(12) Class A units 11/2020 (2) Cozzini Bros., Inc. and BH-Sharp Holdings LP (16) Provider of commercial knife sharpening and cutlery services in the restaurant industry First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 03/2017 03/2023 (2)(12) Common units 03/2017 (2) 
 F-77 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets DTI Holdco, Inc. and OPE DTI Holdings, Inc. (16) Provider of legal process outsourcing and managed services First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 09/2016 06/2023 (2)(15) First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 09/2016 06/2023 (2)(15) Class A common stock 08/2014 (2) Class B common stock 08/2014 (2) Elevation Services Parent Holdings, LLC Elevator service platform First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) HAI Acquisition Corporation and Aloha Topco, LLC (16) Professional employer organization offering human resources, compliance and risk management services First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2017 11/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 11/2025 (2)(12) Class A units 11/2017 (2) HH-Stella, Inc. and Bedrock Parent Holdings, LP (16) Provider of municipal solid waste transfer management services First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 04/2021 04/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 04/2028 (2)(12) Class A units 04/2021 (2) IRI Holdings, Inc., IRI Group Holdings, Inc. and IRI Parent, L.P. Market research company focused on the consumer packaged goods industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2018 12/2025 Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2018 11/2026 (2) Series A-1 preferred shares PIK 
 Libor (M) 11/2018 (2)(12) Class A-1 common units 11/2018 (2) Kellermeyer Bergensons Services, LLC (16) Provider of janitorial and facilities management services First lien senior secured loan Libor (A) 11/2019 11/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 11/2026 (2)(12) KPS Global LLC and Cool Group LLC Manufacturer of walk-in cooler and freezer systems First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2017 04/2024 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2018 04/2024 (12) Class A units 09/2018 Laboratories Bidco LLC and Laboratories Topco LLC (16) Lab testing services for nicotine containing products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 07/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 07/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 07/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 07/2021 (2) 
 F-78 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Lakers Buyer, Inc. and Lakers Parent LLC (16) Provider of fire safety and life safety services First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 03/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) Common units 03/2021 (2) Marmic Purchaser, LLC and Marmic Topco, L.P. Provider of recurring fire protection services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) Limited partnership units PIK 
 03/2021 (2) Microstar Logistics LLC, Microstar Global Asset Management LLC, MStar Holding Corporation and Kegstar USA Inc. Keg management solutions provider Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 08/2020 07/2023 (12) Series A preferred stock 08/2020 (2) Common stock 12/2012 (2) NAS, LLC and Nationwide Marketing Group, LLC (16) Buying and marketing services organization for appliance, furniture and consumer electronics dealers First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2020 06/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 06/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 11/2020 06/2024 (2)(12) Nest Topco Borrower Inc., KKR Nest Co-Invest L.P., and NBLY 2021-1 (16) Operator of multiple franchise concepts primarily related to home maintenance or repairs Senior subordinated loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 08/2029 (2)(12) Limited partner interest 09/2021 (2) NM GRC Holdco, LLC Regulatory compliance services provider to financial institutions First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 02/2018 02/2024 (12) North American Fire Holdings, LLC and North American Fire Ultimate Holdings, LLC (16) Provider of fire safety and life safety services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2027 (12) Common units 05/2021 (2) North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC (16) Provider of environmental testing services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) Petroleum Service Group LLC (16) Provider of operational services for US petrochemical and refining companies First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2025 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 07/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 07/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2025 (2)(12) 
 F-79 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Pritchard Industries, LLC and LJ Pritchard TopCo Holdings, LLC Provider of janitorial and facilities management services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 10/2021 (2) PS Operating Company LLC and PS OP Holdings LLC (fka QC Supply, LLC) (5)(16) Specialty distributor and solutions provider to the swine and poultry markets First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2024 (2)(12) Common unit 12/2021 (2) R2 Acquisition Corp. Marketing services Common stock 05/2007 (2) RC V Tecmo Investor LLC Technology based aggregator for facility maintenance services Common member units 08/2020 (2) RE Community Holdings GP, LLC and RE Community Holdings, LP Operator of municipal recycling facilities Limited partnership interest 03/2011 (2) Limited partnership interest 03/2011 (2) Registrar Intermediate, LLC and PSP Registrar Co-Investment Fund, L.P. (16) Provider of FDA registration and consulting services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 08/2027 (2)(12) Limited partner interests 08/2021 (2) Rodeo AcquisitionCo LLC (16) Provider of food inspection and recovery services First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) Schill Landscaping and Lawn Care Services LLC and Landscape Parallel Partners, L.P. (16) Provider of landscape design and planning, and snow removal services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 12/2021 (2) SSE Buyer, Inc., Supply Source Enterprises, Inc., Impact Products LLC, The Safety Zone, LLC and SSE Parent, LP Manufacturer and distributor of personal protection equipment, commercial cleaning, maintenance and safety products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2020 06/2026 (2)(12) Limited partnership class A-1 units 06/2020 (2) Limited partnership class A-2 units 06/2020 (2) Startec Equity, LLC (5) Communication services Member interest 04/2010 Stealth Holding LLC and UCIT Online Security Inc. (16) Live video monitoring solutions provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2026 (6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Base Rate (Q) 03/2021 03/2026 (2)(6)(12) 
 F-80 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. (16) Provider of commercial HVAC equipment maintenance and repair services Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2021 08/2029 (2)(12) Tyden Group Holding Corp. Producer and marketer of global cargo security, product identification and traceability products and utility meter products Preferred stock 01/2017 (6) Common stock 01/2017 (6) Visual Edge Technology, Inc. Provider of outsourced office solutions with a focus on printer and copier equipment and other parts and supplies First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 08/2017 08/2022 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 08/2017 09/2024 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 08/2017 08/2027 (2) VLS Recovery Services, LLC (16) Provider of commercial and industrial waste processing and disposal services First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 10/2017 10/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 10/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 10/2024 (2)(12) Wash Encore Holdings, LLC Provider of outsourced healthcare linen management solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2027 (2)(12) XIFIN, Inc. and ACP Charger Co-Invest LLC (16) Revenue cycle management provider to labs First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 02/2020 02/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 02/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2021 02/2026 (2)(12) Class A units 02/2020 (2) Class B units 12/2021 (2) Diversified Financials BCC Blueprint Holdings I, LLC and BCC Blueprint Investments, LLC Provider of comprehensive suite of investment management and wealth planning solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 09/2021 09/2026 (2) Common units 09/2021 (2) Beacon Pointe Harmony, LLC (16) Provider of comprehensive wealth management services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2028 (6)(12) CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC (16) Mortgage company originating loans in the retail and consumer direct channels First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(12) DFC Global Facility Borrower III LLC (16) Non-bank provider of alternative financial services First lien senior secured revolving loan CDOR (B) 06/2021 06/2026 (2)(6)(10)(12) 
 F-81 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets eCapital Finance Corp. Consolidator of commercial finance businesses Senior subordinated loan Libor (M) 01/2020 01/2025 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan Libor (M) 11/2020 01/2025 (2)(12) EP Wealth Advisors, LLC (16) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 09/2020 09/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2020 09/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 09/2026 (2)(12) Green Street Parent, LLC and Green Street Intermediate Holdings, LLC (16) Provider of REIT research data and analytics First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 08/2026 (2)(12) Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. (5) Asset management services Senior subordinated loan Libor (M) 02/2018 05/2023 (6)(12) Member interest 06/2009 (6) Javlin Three LLC, Javlin Four LLC, and Javlin Five LLC Asset-backed financial services company First lien senior secured loan 06/2014 06/2017 (2)(6)(11) Joyce Lane Capital LLC and Joyce Lane Financing SPV LLC (fka Ciena Capital LLC) (5)(16) Specialty finance company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2018 12/2022 (2)(6) Equity interests 11/2010 (2)(6) LS DE LLC and LM LSQ Investors LLC Asset based lender Senior subordinated loan 06/2015 03/2024 (2)(6) Senior subordinated loan 06/2017 06/2021 (2)(6) Membership units 06/2015 (6) Monica Holdco (US) Inc. (16) Investment technology and advisory firm First lien senior secured revolving loan 01/2021 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2021 01/2028 (2)(12) Priority Holdings, LLC and Priority Technology Holdings, Inc. Provider of merchant acquiring and payment processing solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 04/2027 (2)(6)(12) Senior preferred stock PIK 
 Libor (Q) 04/2021 (2)(6)(12) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 04/2021 04/2031 (2)(6) Rialto Management Group, LLC (16) Investment and asset management platform focused on real estate First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2018 (6)(14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2025 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2018 12/2025 (6) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 12/2025 (2)(6) TA/WEG Holdings, LLC (16) Wealth management and financial planning firm First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 10/2027 (2)(12)(15) 
 F-82 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2019 10/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2020 10/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 06/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) The Ultimus Group Midco, LLC, The Ultimus Group, LLC, and The Ultimus Group Aggregator, LP (16) Provider of asset-servicing capabilities for fund managers First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2019 02/2026 (12) Class A units 09/2019 Class A units 02/2019 Class B units 02/2019 Class B units 02/2019 Insurance Services Alera Group, Inc. (16) Insurance service provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 09/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Amynta Agency Borrower Inc. and Amynta Warranty Borrower Inc. Insurance service provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2018 02/2025 (2) AQ Sunshine, Inc. (16) Specialized insurance broker First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 04/2019 04/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2019 04/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 04/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 04/2025 (2)(12) Ardonagh Midco 2 plc and Ardonagh Midco 3 plc Insurance broker and underwriting servicer First lien senior secured loan GBP Libor (Q) 06/2020 07/2026 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan GBP Libor (Q) 06/2020 07/2026 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 06/2020 07/2026 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 07/2026 (2)(6)(12) Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 06/2020 01/2027 (2)(6)(19) Benecon Midco II LLC and Locutus Holdco LLC (16) Employee benefits provider for small and mid-size employers Common units 12/2020 Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Health insurance sales platform provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 08/2027 (2)(12) Foundation Risk Partners, Corp. (16) Full service independent insurance agency First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Galway Borrower LLC (16) Insurance service provider First lien senior secured revolving loan 09/2021 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2028 (2)(12) High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC (16) Insurance brokerage platform First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2028 (2)(12) 
 F-83 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 04/2028 (2)(12) Series A preferred units PIK 
 04/2021 (2) Series A common units PIK 
 04/2021 (2) Series C common units PIK 
 04/2021 (2) K2 Insurance Services, LLC and K2 Holdco LP (16) Specialty insurance and managing general agency First lien senior secured revolving loan 07/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 07/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 07/2026 (2)(12) Common units 07/2019 (2) NSM Insurance Group, LLC (16) Insurance program administrator First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 06/2021 11/2025 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 05/2018 05/2026 (12) OneDigital Holdings, Achilles Holdco (16) Benefits broker and outsourced workflow automation platform provider for brokers First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2020 (14) Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC (16) National retail insurance agency First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) People Corporation (16) Provider of group benefits, group retirement and human resources services First lien senior secured revolving loan CDOR (Q) 02/2021 02/2027 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (B) 09/2021 02/2028 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 02/2021 02/2028 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan CDOR (Q) 02/2021 02/2028 (6)(12) RSC Acquisition, Inc. and RSC Insurance Brokerage, Inc. (16) Insurance broker First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2019 10/2026 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2019 10/2026 (12) SCM Insurance Services Inc. (16) Provider of claims management, claims investigation support and risk management solutions for the Canadian property and casualty insurance industry First lien senior secured loan CDOR (M) 08/2017 08/2024 (2)(6)(12) Second lien senior secured loan CDOR (M) 08/2017 03/2025 (2)(6)(12) SelectQuote, Inc. Direct to consumer insurance distribution platform First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2019 11/2024 (2)(12) SG Acquisition, Inc. Provider of insurance solutions for car sales First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 01/2020 01/2027 (12) Spring Insurance Solutions, LLC (16) Technology-based direct to consumer sales and marketing platform for insurance products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2020 11/2025 (12) 
 F-84 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets THG Acquisition, LLC (16) Multi-line insurance broker First lien senior secured revolving loan 12/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (12) Investment Funds and Vehicles ACAS Equity Holdings Corporation (5) Investment company Common stock 01/2017 (6) Ares IIIR/IVR CLO Ltd. Investment vehicle Subordinated notes 01/2017 04/2021 (6) Blue Wolf Capital Fund II, L.P. (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 01/2017 (6)(19) CoLTs 2005-1 Ltd. (5) Investment vehicle Preferred shares 01/2017 (6) CREST Exeter Street Solar 2004-1 Investment vehicle Preferred shares 01/2017 (6) European Capital UK SME Debt LP (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 01/2017 (6)(17) HCI Equity, LLC (5) Investment company Member interest 04/2010 (6)(19) Partnership Capital Growth Investors III, L.P. Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 10/2011 (6)(19) PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment II, L.P. (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 10/2014 (2)(6)(17) PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment, L.P. (4) Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 05/2014 (6)(17) Piper Jaffray Merchant Banking Fund I, L.P. Investment partnership Limited partnership interest 08/2012 (6)(19) Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC (5)(18) Co-investment vehicle Subordinated certificates Libor (Q) 07/2016 12/2036 (6) Member interest 07/2016 (6) VSC Investors LLC Investment company Membership interest 01/2008 (2)(6)(19) Capital Goods AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. End to end provider of water solutions to a wide range of customer bases First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 06/2021 07/2028 (2)(12)(19) Arrowhead Holdco Company and Arrowhead GS Holdings, Inc. (16) Distributor of non-discretionary, mission-critical aftermarket replacement parts First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 08/2027 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2021 08/2028 (2)(12) Common stock 08/2021 (2) Cadence Aerospace, LLC (16) Aerospace precision components manufacturer First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 11/2017 11/2022 (2)(12)(15) 
 F-85 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 11/2017 11/2022 (12) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 07/2020 11/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 11/2017 11/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 07/2018 11/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 10/2019 11/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 02/2020 11/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 07/2020 11/2023 (12) DFS Holding Company, Inc. Distributor of maintenance, repair, and operations parts, supplies, and equipment to the foodservice industry First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 07/2017 08/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 03/2017 08/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 05/2020 08/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 05/2020 02/2022 (12) Dynamic NC Aerospace Holdings, LLC and Dynamic NC Investment Holdings, LP (16) Provider of aerospace technology and equipment First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (12) Common units 12/2020 EPS NASS Parent, Inc. (16) Provider of maintenance and engineering services for electrical infrastructure First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 04/2021 04/2026 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2028 (2)(12) ESCP PPG Holdings, LLC (4) Distributor of new equipment and aftermarket parts to the heavy-duty truck industry Class A units 12/2016 (2) Flow Control Solutions, Inc. (16) Distributor and manufacturer of flow control systems components First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2018 11/2024 (12) Harvey Tool Company, LLC (16) Manufacturer of cutting tools used in the metalworking industry First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) Imaging Business Machines, L.L.C. and Scanner Holdings Corporation (5) Provider of high-speed intelligent document scanning hardware and software Senior subordinated loan 01/2017 06/2022 (2) Series A preferred stock 01/2017 
 F-86 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Class A common stock 01/2017 Class B common stock 01/2017 Kene Acquisition, Inc. and Kene Holdings, L.P. (16) National utility services firm providing engineering and consulting services to natural gas, electric power and other energy and industrial end markets First lien senior secured revolving loan 08/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2019 08/2026 (12) Class A units 08/2019 (2) LTG Acquisition, Inc. Designer and manufacturer of display, lighting and passenger communication systems for mass transportation markets Class A membership units 01/2017 Maverick Acquisition, Inc. (16) Manufacturer of precision machined components for defense and high-tech industrial platforms First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2027 (2)(12) MB Aerospace Holdings II Corp. Aerospace engine components manufacturer First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 01/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2018 01/2026 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2019 01/2026 (2)(12) NCWS Intermediate, Inc. and NCWS Holdings LP (16) Manufacturer and supplier of car wash equipment, parts and supplies to the conveyorized car wash market First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 12/2026 (2)(12) Class A-2 common units 12/2020 (2) Osmose Utilities Services, Inc. and Pine Intermediate Holding LLC Provider of structural integrity management services to transmission and distribution infrastructure Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 06/2021 06/2029 (2)(12) Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc., Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. and Blade Group Holdings, LP. (16) Manufacturer of high-tolerance precision machined components and assemblies for the aerospace and defense industry First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2021 08/2027 (2)(6)(12) Class A units 08/2021 (2) Sunk Rock Foundry Partners LP, Hatteras Electrical Manufacturing Holding Company and Sigma Electric Manufacturing Corporation, Diecast Beacon (16) Manufacturer of metal castings, precision machined components and sub-assemblies in the electrical products, power transmission and distribution and general industrial markets First lien senior secured revolving loan 10/2017 (14) 
 F-87 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Automobiles Components Automotive Keys Group, LLC and Automotive Keys Investor, LLC Provider of replacement wireless keys for automotive market First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 11/2025 (2)(12) Preferred units PIK 
 11/2020 Class A common units 11/2020 (2) Continental Acquisition Holdings, Inc. Distributor of aftermarket batteries to the electric utility vehicle, automotive, commercial, marine and industrial markets First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2021 01/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 01/2027 (2)(12) Eckler Industries, Inc. and Eckler Purchaser LLC (5)(16) Restoration parts and accessories provider for classic automobiles First lien senior secured revolving loan 07/2012 05/2022 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan 07/2012 05/2022 (2)(11) Class A common units 07/2012 (2) Faraday Future Inc., FF Inc., Faraday SPE, LLC and Faraday Future Intelligent Electric Inc. Electric vehicle manufacturer Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 03/2021 03/2022 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of Class A common stock 08/2021 08/2027 (2) Highline Aftermarket Acquisition, LLC, Highline Aftermarket SC Acquisition, Inc. and Highline PPC Blocker LLC (16) Manufacturer and distributor of automotive fluids First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2025 (2)(15) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2020 11/2028 (2)(12) Co-invest units 11/2020 (2) Mac Lean-Fogg Company and MacLean-Fogg Holdings, L.L.C. Manufacturer and supplier for the power utility and automotive markets worldwide First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2018 12/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2018 12/2025 (2)(12) Preferred units PIK) 
 10/2015 Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp., Metis HoldCo, Inc., and Metis TopCo, LP (16) Auto parts retailer First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 05/2021 05/2026 (2)(15) Series A preferred stock PIK 
 05/2021 (2) Class A-1 units 05/2021 (2) McLaren Group Limited Automobile manufacturer and retailer Senior preference shares PIK 
 08/2021 (2)(6) 
 F-88 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Warrant to purchase ordinary shares 08/2021 08/2028 (2)(6) Warrant to purchase ordinary shares 08/2021 08/2028 (2)(6) SK SPV IV, LLC Collision repair site operator Series A common stock 08/2014 (2) Series B common stock 08/2014 (2) Sun Acquirer Corp. and Sun TopCo, LP (16) Automotive parts and repair services retailer First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 09/2028 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2028 (2)(12) Class A units 09/2021 (2) Wand Newco 3, Inc. Collision repair company Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2019 02/2027 (2) Power Generation Apex Clean Energy TopCo, LLC (4) Developer, builder and owner of utility-scale wind and solar power facilities Class A common units 11/2021 Ferrellgas, L.P. Distributor of propane and related accessories Senior preferred units 03/2021 Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC (5) Provider of cloud based IT solutions, infrastructure and services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2024 (2)(12) Class A1 units 04/2021 Navisun LLC and Navisun Holdings LLC (5) Owner and operator of commercial and industrial solar projects First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 11/2017 11/2023 (2) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 03/2019 11/2023 (2) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 08/2019 11/2023 (2) Series A preferred units PIK 
 11/2017 Class A units 11/2017 Opal Fuels LLC Owner of natural gas facilities Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 05/2021 12/2026 PosiGen, Inc. Seller and leaser of solar power systems for residential and commercial customers Warrant to purchase shares of series D-1 preferred stock 06/2021 06/2028 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 01/2020 01/2027 (2) Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC (5) Gas turbine power generation facilities operator Series A units 11/2021 Riverview Power LLC Operator of natural gas and oil fired power generation facilities First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 06/2024 (2)(12) SE1 Generation, LLC Solar power developer Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 12/2019 12/2022 (2) 
 F-89 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Sunrun Atlas Depositor 2019-2, LLC and Sunrun Atlas Holdings 2019-2, LLC Residential solar energy provider First lien senior secured loan 10/2019 02/2055 (2) Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 11/2019 11/2025 (2)(12) Sunrun Xanadu Issuer 2019-1, LLC and Sunrun Xanadu Holdings 2019-1, LLC Residential solar energy provider First lien senior secured loan 06/2019 06/2054 (2) Senior subordinated loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 06/2019 07/2030 (12) Consumer Durables Apparel Badger Sportswear Acquisition, Inc. Provider of team uniforms and athletic wear Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2016 03/2024 (2)(12) Bowhunter Holdings, LLC Provider of branded archery and bowhunting accessories Common units 04/2014 Centric Brands LLC and Centric Brands GP LLC (16) Designer, marketer and distributor of licensed and owned apparel First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 05/2020 10/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 10/2018 10/2025 (2)(12) Membership interests 10/2018 (2) DRS Holdings III, Inc. and DRS Holdings I, Inc. (16) Footwear and orthopedic foot-care brand First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2019 11/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 11/2025 (12) Common stock 11/2019 (2) Implus Footcare, LLC Provider of footwear and other accessories First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2017 04/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2017 04/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2016 04/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2018 04/2024 (2)(12) Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC (16) Outdoor brand holding company First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 02/2021 02/2026 (2) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2021 02/2028 (2)(12) Pelican Products, Inc. (16) Flashlights manufacturer Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(12) Rawlings Sporting Goods Company, Inc. and Easton Diamond Sports, LLC Sports equipment manufacturing company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 12/2026 (2)(12) 
 F-90 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Reef Lifestyle, LLC (16) Apparel retailer First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 10/2018 10/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (M) 07/2020 10/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 10/2018 10/2024 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2020 10/2024 (12) S Toys Holdings LLC (fka The Step2 Company, LLC) (5) Toy manufacturer Class B common units 10/2014 Common units 04/2011 Warrant to purchase units 04/2010 SHO Holding I Corporation Manufacturer and distributor of slip resistant footwear Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 10/2015 10/2024 (2)(12) Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC (4)(16) Developer, marketer and distributor of sports protection equipment and accessories First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 05/2019 05/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 05/2019 05/2024 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2019 05/2024 (2)(12) Class A preferred units 03/2014 (2) Class C preferred units 04/2015 (2) Preferred units 05/2019 (2) SVP-Singer Holdings Inc. and SVP-Singer Holdings LP Manufacturer of consumer sewing machines First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2028 (2)(12) Class A common units 07/2021 (2) Totes Isotoner Corporation and Totes Ultimate Holdco, Inc. (4) Designer, marketer, and distributor of rain and cold weather products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 06/2024 (2)(12) Common stock 12/2019 (2) Varsity Brands Holding Co., Inc. and BCPE Hercules Holdings, LP Leading manufacturer and distributor of textiles, apparel luxury goods Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 07/2018 12/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2017 12/2025 (12) Class A units 07/2018 (2) Consumer Services ADF Capital, Inc., ADF Restaurant Group, LLC, and ARG Restaurant Holdings, Inc. (5) Restaurant owner and operator First lien senior secured loan 11/2006 12/2022 (2)(11) 
 F-91 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Aimbridge Acquisition Co., Inc. Hotel operator Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 02/2019 02/2027 (2) American Residential Services L.L.C. and Aragorn Parent Holdings LP (16) Heating, ventilation and air conditioning services provider Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2020 10/2028 (2)(12) Series A preferred units PIK 
 10/2020 (2) ATI Restoration, LLC (16) Provider of disaster recovery services First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2020 07/2026 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 07/2020 07/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2020 07/2026 (12) Belfor Holdings, Inc. (16) Disaster recovery services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 04/2019 04/2024 (2)(15) Cipriani USA, Inc. and Cipriani Group Holding S.A.R.L. Manager and operator of banquet facilities, restaurants, hotels and other leisure properties First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2018 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2018 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 07/2019 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2018 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2020 05/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 12/2020 05/2023 (2)(12) Warrant 03/2021 03/2041 (2)(6) Concert Golf Partners Holdco LLC (16) Golf club owner and operator First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 08/2019 08/2025 (2)(12) Essential Services Holding Corporation and OMERS Mahomes Investment Holdings LLC (16) Provider of plumbing and HVAC services First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2020 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2020 11/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 11/2026 (2)(12) Class A units 11/2020 (2) Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp. and GFRC Holdings LLC (16) Restaurant owner and operator First lien senior secured revolving loan 02/2017 02/2022 (2)(11) First lien senior secured loan 02/2017 02/2022 (2)(11) Jenny C Acquisition, Inc. Health club franchisor Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 04/2019 04/2025 (2) Jim N Nicks Management, LLC (16) Restaurant owner and operator First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2017 07/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2017 07/2023 (12) KeyStone Sub-debt HoldCo, LLC Planet Fitness franchisee Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 01/2021 01/2027 (2) 
 F-92 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Senior subordinated loan PIK 
 09/2021 01/2027 (2) Warrant to purchase Class C interests 01/2021 01/2027 (2) Len the Plumber, LLC, LTP Neffsville, LLC, LTP of NJ, LLC, and LTP LSI, LLC Provider of plumbing services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 02/2026 (2)(12) LSP Holdco, LLC and ZBS Mechanical Group Co-Invest Fund 2, LLC (16) Provider of residential HVAC and plumbing services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2026 (2)(12) Membership interest 10/2021 ME Equity LLC Franchisor in the massage industry Common stock 09/2012 (2) Movati Athletic (Group) Inc. Premier health club operator First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Base rate (Q) 10/2017 10/2024 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 CDOR (Q) 10/2017 10/2024 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 CDOR (Q) 10/2017 10/2024 (6)(12) OTG Management, LLC Airport restaurant operator Class A preferred units 08/2016 Common units 01/2011 Warrant to purchase common units 06/2008 Pyramid Management Advisors, LLC and Pyramid Investors, LLC (16) Hotel operator First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 04/2018 07/2023 (2)(12)(15) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 04/2018 07/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 12/2019 07/2023 (2)(12) Preferred membership units 07/2016 Redwood Services, LLC and Redwood Services Holdco, LLC (16) Provider of residential HVAC and plumbing services First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2025 (2)(12) Series D units PIK 
 12/2020 Safe Home Security, Inc., Security Systems Inc., Safe Home Monitoring, Inc., National Protective Services, Inc., Bright Integrations LLC and Medguard Alert, Inc. Provider of safety systems for business and residential customers First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2020 08/2024 (2)(12) SV-Burton Holdings, LLC LBC Breeze Holdings LLC (16) Provider of HVAC and plumbing services to residential and commercial customers First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) 
 F-93 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Class A units 12/2021 Taymax Group, L.P., Taymax Group G.P., LLC, PF Salem Canada ULC and TCP Fit Parent, L.P. (16) Planet Fitness franchisee First lien senior secured revolving loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 07/2018 07/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 03/2020 07/2025 (2)(12) Class A units 07/2018 The Alaska Club Partners, LLC, Athletic Club Partners LLC and The Alaska Club, Inc. (16) Premier health club operator First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Base rate (Q) 12/2019 12/2024 (2)(12) The Arcticom Group, LLC and AMCP Mechanical Holdings, LP (16) Refrigeration, heating, ventilation and air conditioning services provider First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 12/2021 YE Brands Holdings, LLC (16) Sports camp operator First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) Retailing and Distribution Atlas Intermediate III, L.L.C. (16) Specialty chemicals distributor First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 04/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 04/2025 (2)(12) Bamboo Purchaser, Inc. (16) Provider of nursery, garden, and greenhouse products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(12) Display Holding Company, Inc., Saldon Holdings, Inc. and Fastsigns Holdings Inc. (16) Provider of visual communications solutions First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2019 03/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2019 03/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 06/2021 03/2025 (2)(12) Common units 03/2019 (2) GPM Investments, LLC and ARKO Corp. Convenience store operator Common stock 12/2020 Warrant to purchase common stock 12/2020 12/2025 (2) Marcone Yellowstone Buyer Inc. and Marcone Yellowstone Holdings, LLC Distributor of OEM appliance aftermarket parts First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2028 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 06/2028 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 06/2028 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2028 (2)(12) Class A common units 06/2021 (2) 
 F-94 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets McKenzie Creative Brands, LLC (16) Designer, manufacturer and distributor of hunting-related supplies First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2014 09/2023 (8)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (A) 09/2014 09/2023 (12) Moon Valley Nursery of Arizona Retail, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery Farm Holdings, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery RE Holdings LLC, and Stonecourt IV Partners, LP (16) Operator of retail and wholesale tree and plant nurseries First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2027 (12) Limited partnership interests 10/2021 North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC and North Haven Falcon Holding Company, LLC (16) Manufacturer of aftermarket golf cart parts and accessories First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 05/2021 Reddy Ice LLC (16) Packaged ice manufacturer and distributor First lien senior secured revolving loan 07/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 11/2020 07/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 10/2021 07/2025 (2)(12) SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. (16) Salt and packaged ice melt manufacturer and distributor First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 03/2020 03/2025 (2)(12)(15) US Salt Investors, LLC and Emerald Lake Pearl Acquisition-A, L.P. (16) Producer and packager of compressed, household, and packaged salt First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2028 (2)(12) Limited partner interests 07/2021 (2) Media Entertainment Aventine Intermediate LLC Aventine Holdings II LLC (16) Media and production company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 06/2027 (2)(12) Senior subordinated loan 12/2021 12/2030 (2) CMW Parent LLC (fka Black Arrow, Inc.) Multiplatform media firm Series A units 09/2015 (2) Global Music Rights, LLC (16) Music right management company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2021 08/2028 (2)(12) Miami Beckham United LLC American professional soccer club Class A preferred units PIK 
 09/2021 
 F-95 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets MMax Investment Partners, Inc. (d/b/a Professional Fighters League) and PFL MMA, Inc. Mixed martial arts league First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 01/2021 01/2026 (2) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 01/2021 01/2027 (2) OUTFRONT Media Inc. Provider of out-of-home advertising Series A convertible perpetual preferred stock 04/2020 (2)(6) Padres L.P. (16) Sports and entertainment First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2021 03/2027 (2)(12) Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC (4) Provider of rental equipment, labor, production management, scenery, and other products to various entertainment end-markets First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 07/2020 08/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 08/2018 08/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 06/2021 08/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (Q) 08/2021 08/2024 (2)(12) Class A units 10/2020 (2) Storm Investment S.a.r.l. Spanish soccer club First lien senior secured loan Euribor (A) 06/2021 06/2029 (2)(6) Class A redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class B redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class C redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class D redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class E redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class F redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class G redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class H redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Class I redeemable shares 06/2021 (2)(6) Ordinary shares 06/2021 (2)(6) The Teaching Company Holdings, Inc. Education publications provider Preferred stock 09/2006 (2) Common stock 09/2006 (2) Food and Beverage 
 F-96 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets American Seafoods Group LLC and American Seafoods Partners LLC Harvester and processor of seafood Class A units 08/2015 (2) Warrant to purchase Class A units 08/2015 08/2035 (2) Berner Food Beverage, LLC (16) Supplier of dairy-based food and beverage products First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (Q) 07/2021 07/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2021 07/2026 (2)(12) Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. (4)(16) Health food company First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 03/2019 12/2025 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2025 (12) Common units 03/2019 (2) CHG PPC Parent LLC PPC CHG Blocker LLC Diversified food products manufacturer Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2021 12/2029 (2)(12) Common units 12/2021 (2) Florida Food Products, LLC Provider of plant extracts and juices First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2029 (2)(12) Gehl Foods, LLC and GF Parent LLC Producer of low-acid, aseptic food and beverage products Class A preferred units 05/2015 (2) Class A common units 05/2015 (2) Class B common units 05/2015 (2) KC Culinarte Intermediate, LLC Manufacturer of fresh refrigerated and frozen food products First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 01/2020 08/2025 (12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2018 08/2026 (2)(12) Manna Pro Products, LLC (16) Manufacturer and supplier of specialty nutrition and care products for animals First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 12/2020 12/2026 (2)(12) RF HP SCF Investor, LLC Branded specialty food company Membership interest 12/2016 (2)(6) Teasdale Foods, Inc. and Familia Group Holdings Inc. Provider of beans, sauces and hominy to the retail, foodservice and wholesale channels First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2025 (2)(12) Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 02/2019 02/2034 (2) Triton Water Holdings, Inc. Producer and provider of bottled water brands First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2021 03/2028 (2)(12)(19) Senior subordinated loan 03/2021 04/2029 (2)(19) Watermill Express, LLC and Watermill Express Holdings, LLC (16) Owner and operator of self-service water and ice stations First lien senior secured revolving loan 04/2021 (14) 
 F-97 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2021 04/2027 (12) Class A units PIK 
 04/2021 Winebow Holdings, Inc. and The Vintner Group, Inc. Importer and distributor of wine First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 04/2021 07/2025 (12) Materials ASP-r-pac Acquisition Co LLC and ASP-r-pac Holdings LP (16) Manufacturer and supplier of printed packaging and trimmings First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Class A units 12/2021 (2) Genomatica, Inc. Developer of a biotechnology platform for the production of chemical products Warrant to purchase shares of Series D preferred stock 03/2013 03/2023 Halex Holdings, Inc. (5) Manufacturer of flooring installation products Common stock 01/2017 H-Food Holdings, LLC and Matterhorn Parent, LLC Food contract manufacturer First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 12/2021 05/2025 (2)(12) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2018 03/2026 (2) Common units 11/2018 IntraPac International LLC and IntraPac Canada Corporation (16) Manufacturer of diversified packaging solutions and plastic injection molded products First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 01/2019 01/2025 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2019 01/2026 (6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 01/2026 (2)(6)(12) Nelipak Holding Company, Nelipak European Holdings Cooperatief U.A., KNPAK Holdings, LP and PAKNK Netherlands Treasury B.V. (16) Manufacturer of thermoformed packaging for medical devices First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2024 (2)(6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 07/2026 (6)(12) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 07/2019 07/2026 (2)(6) First lien senior secured loan Euribor (Q) 08/2019 07/2026 (2)(6) Class A units 07/2019 (2)(6) Novipax Buyer, L.L.C. and Novipax Parent Holding Company, L.L.C. Developer and manufacturer of absorbent pads for food products First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2020 12/2026 (12) Class A preferred units PIK 
 12/2020 (2) Class C units 12/2020 (2) 
 F-98 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Plaskolite PPC Intermediate II LLC and Plaskolite PPC Blocker LLC Manufacturer of specialized acrylic and polycarbonate sheets Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2018 12/2026 (2)(12) Co-Invest units 12/2018 (2) SCI PH Parent, Inc. Industrial container manufacturer, reconditioner and servicer Series B shares 08/2018 (2) Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences Abzena Holdings, Inc. and Astro Group Holdings Ltd. (16) Organization providing discovery, development and manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2026 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2026 (2)(12) Class A ordinary shares 05/2021 (2) Alcami Corporation and ACM Holdings I, LLC (16) Outsourced drug development services provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 07/2018 07/2025 Second lien senior secured loan Libor (B) 07/2018 07/2026 (2) Common units 07/2018 (2) Cobalt Buyer Sub, Inc., Cobalt Holdings I, LP, and Cobalt Intermediate I, Inc. (16) Provider of biological products to life science and pharmaceutical companies First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 10/2021 10/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 10/2021 10/2028 (2)(12) Series A preferred shares Libor (Q) 10/2021 (2)(12) Preferred units PIK 
 10/2021 (2) Class A common units 10/2021 (2) NMC Skincare Intermediate Holdings II, LLC (16) Developer, manufacturer and marketer of skincare products First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 10/2018 10/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 10/2018 10/2024 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 10/2018 10/2024 (12) North American Science Associates, LLC, Cardinal Purchaser LLC and Cardinal Topco Holdings, L.P. (16) Contract research organization providing research and development and testing of medical devices First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2020 09/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2021 09/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2027 (2)(12) Class A preferred units PIK 
 09/2020 (2) 
 F-99 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets TerSera Therapeutics LLC (16) Acquirer and developer of specialty therapeutic pharmaceutical products First lien senior secured revolving loan 11/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 05/2017 03/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2018 03/2025 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2019 03/2025 (12) Vertice Pharma UK Parent Limited Manufacturer and distributor of generic pharmaceutical products Preferred shares 12/2015 (6) Energy Birch Permian, LLC Operator of private exploration oil and production company Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 04/2019 04/2023 (2)(12) Cheyenne Petroleum Company Limited Partnership, CPC 2001 LLC and Mill Shoals LLC Private oil exploration and production company Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2019 01/2024 (2)(12) Halcon Holdings, LLC (16) Operator of development, exploration, and production oil company First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2021 11/2025 (2) Murchison Oil and Gas, LLC and Murchison Holdings, LLC Exploration and production company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 10/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2019 10/2023 (2)(12) Preferred units 10/2018 Sundance Energy Inc. (4) Oil and gas producer Common stock 04/2021 (2) VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC (5)(16) Sand-based proppant producer and distributor to the oil and natural gas industry First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 06/2020 11/2024 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 03/2017 11/2024 (2)(12) Class A units 11/2020 (2) Food Staples Retailing Balrog Acquisition, Inc., Balrog Topco, Inc. and Balrog Parent, L.P. Manufacturer and distributor of specialty bakery ingredients Second lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2021 09/2029 (2)(12) Class A preferred units PIK 
 09/2021 (2) Series A preferred shares PIK 
 09/2021 (2) Continental Caf , LLC and Infinity Ovation Yacht Charters, LLC (16) Diversified contract food service provider First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(12) DecoPac, Inc. and KCAKE Holdings Inc. (16) Supplier of cake decorating solutions and products to in-store bakeries First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 05/2021 05/2026 (2)(12) 
 F-100 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 05/2021 05/2028 (2)(12) Common stock 05/2021 (2) FS Squared Holding Corp. and FS Squared, LLC (16) Provider of on-site vending and micro market solutions First lien senior secured revolving loan 03/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 03/2019 03/2025 (2) Class A units 03/2019 (2) JWC/KI Holdings, LLC Foodservice sales and marketing agency Membership units 11/2015 (2) SFE Intermediate Holdco LLC (16) Provider of outsourced foodservice to K-12 school districts First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 09/2018 07/2024 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2017 07/2024 (12) VCP-EDC Co-Invest, LLC Distributor of foodservice equipment and supplies Membership units 06/2017 Technology Hardware Equipment Chariot Buyer LLC (16) Provider of smart access solutions across residential and commercial properties First lien senior secured revolving loan Base Rate (M) 11/2021 11/2026 (2) First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (M) 11/2021 11/2026 (2) Second lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2021 11/2029 (2)(12) Everspin Technologies, Inc. Designer and manufacturer of computer memory solutions Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 10/2016 10/2026 (2) Micromeritics Instrument Corp. (16) Scientific instrument manufacturer First lien senior secured revolving loan 12/2019 (14) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2019 12/2025 (12) Repairify, Inc. and Repairify Holdings, LLC (16) Provider of automotive diagnostics scans and solutions Class A common units 06/2021 (2) Wildcat BuyerCo, Inc. and Wildcat Parent, LP (16) Provider and supplier of electrical components for commercial and industrial applications First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2020 02/2026 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 02/2026 (2)(12) Limited partnership interests 02/2020 (2) Transportation Commercial Trailer Leasing, Inc. (16) Trailer leasing company First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 01/2021 01/2026 (2)(12) 
 F-101 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Second lien senior secured loan 01/2021 01/2027 (2) Shur-Co Acquisition, Inc. and Shur-Co HoldCo, Inc. (16) Provider of tarp systems and accessories for trucks, trailers, carts, and specialty equipment used in the agriculture, construction and flatbed markets First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2027 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 06/2021 06/2027 (12) Common stock 06/2021 (2) Household Personal Products CDI Holdings III Corp. and CDI Holdings I Corp. (16) Provider of personal care appliances First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 12/2021 12/2027 (2)(12) Common stock 12/2021 (2) Foundation Consumer Brands, LLC Pharmaceutical holding company of over the counter brands First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 02/2021 10/2026 (12) Premier Specialties, Inc. and RMCF V CIV XLIV, L.P. (16) Manufacturer and supplier of natural fragrance materials and cosmeceuticals First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 08/2021 08/2027 (2)(12) Limited partner interests 08/2021 (2) Rug Doctor, LLC and RD Holdco Inc. (5) Manufacturer and marketer of carpet cleaning machines Second lien senior secured loan PIK 
 Libor (M) 01/2017 05/2023 (2)(12) Common stock 01/2017 Warrant to purchase shares of common stock 01/2017 12/2023 Walnut Parent, Inc. Manufacturer of natural solution pest and animal control products First lien senior secured loan Libor (M) 11/2020 11/2027 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 11/2021 11/2027 (2)(12) Education Excelligence Holdings Corp. Developer, manufacturer and retailer of educational products First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 04/2017 04/2023 (2)(12) Flinn Scientific, Inc. and WCI-Quantum Holdings, Inc. (16) Distributor of instructional products, services and resources First lien senior secured revolving loan Libor (A) 08/2018 08/2023 (2)(12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 07/2017 08/2023 (12) First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 08/2018 08/2023 (12) Series A preferred stock 10/2014 (2) 
 F-102 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (dollar amounts in millions) 

Company(1) Business Description Investment Coupon(3) Reference(7) Spread(3) Acquisition Date Maturity Date Shares Principal Amortized Cost Fair Value of Net Assets Instituto de Banca y Comercio, Inc. Leeds IV Advisors, Inc. Private school operator First lien senior secured loan Libor (Q) 03/2020 10/2022 (2)(12) Senior preferred series A-1 shares 10/2015 (2) Series B preferred stock 08/2010 (2) Series B preferred stock 08/2010 (2) Series C preferred stock 06/2010 (2) Series C preferred stock 06/2010 (2) Common stock 06/2010 (2) Common stock 06/2010 (2) Primrose Holding Corporation (4) Franchisor of education-based early childhood centers Common stock 01/2017 Telecommunication Services Emergency Communications Network, LLC (16) Provider of mission critical emergency mass notification solutions First lien senior secured loan PIK) 
 Libor (Q) 06/2017 06/2023 (2)(12) Total Investments 
 F-103 

Derivative Instruments 
 
 Forward currency contracts 
 Description Notional Amount to be Purchased Notional Amount to be sold Counterparty Settlement Date Unrealized Appreciation / (Depreciation) Forward currency contract CAD Truist Financial Corporation January 28, 2022 ) Forward currency contract CAD Truist Financial Corporation January 19, 2022 ) Forward currency contract Truist Financial Corporation January 28, 2022 ) Forward currency contract Truist Financial Corporation January 28, 2022 ) Forward currency contract CAD Truist Financial Corporation January 28, 2022 Total ) 
 ______________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Other than the Company s investments listed in footnote 5 below (subject to the limitations set forth therein), the Company does not Control any of its portfolio companies, for the purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Investment Company Act ). In general, under the Investment Company Act, the Company would Control a portfolio company if the Company owned more than 25 of its outstanding voting securities (i.e., securities with the right to elect directors) and/or had the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company. All of the Company s portfolio company investments, which as of December 31, 2021 represented of the Company s net assets or of the Company s total assets, are subject to legal restrictions on sales. 
 
 (2) 
 
 (3) 
 
 F-104 

(4) As defined in the Investment Company Act, the Company is deemed to be an Affiliated Person because it owns 5 or more of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or it has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Transactions as of and during the year ended December 31, 2021 in which the issuer was an Affiliated Person of the Company (but not a portfolio company that the Company is deemed to Control) are as follows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (in millions) Company Purchases (cost) Redemptions (cost) Sales (cost) Interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value Apex Clean Energy TopCo, LLC ) APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC ) Blue Angel Buyer 1, LLC and Blue Angel Holdco, LLC ) Blue Wolf Capital Fund II, L.P. Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. ) Crown Health Care Laundry Services, LLC and Crown Laundry Holdings, LLC ) ) ESCP PPG Holdings, LLC ) European Capital UK SME Debt LP Panda Temple Power, LLC and T1 Power Holdings LLC PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment II, L.P. PCG-Ares Sidecar Investment, L.P. Primrose Holding Corporation Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC ) Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC Sundance Energy Inc. ) Totes Isotoner Corporation and Totes Ultimate Holdco, Inc. ) ) 
 
 F-105 

(5) As defined in the Investment Company Act, the Company is deemed to be both an Affiliated Person and Control this portfolio company because it owns more than 25 of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or it has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). Transactions as of and during the year ended December 31, 2021 in which the issuer was both an Affiliated Person and a portfolio company that the Company is deemed to Control are as follows: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 As of December 31, 2021 (in millions) Company Purchases (cost) Redemptions (cost) Sales (cost) Interest income Capital structuring service fees Dividend income Other income Net realized gains (losses) Net unrealized gains (losses) Fair Value Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC ACAS Equity Holdings Corporation ADF Capital, Inc., ADF Restaurant Group, LLC, and ARG Restaurant Holdings, Inc. ) BW Landco LLC ) CoLTs 2005-1 Ltd. CoLTs 2005-2 Ltd. Eckler Industries, Inc. and Eckler Purchaser LLC ) Halex Holdings, Inc. HCI Equity, LLC ) Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC Imaging Business Machines, L.L.C. and Scanner Holdings Corporation Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. Joyce Lane Capital LLC and Joyce Lane Financing SPV LLC (fka Ciena Capital LLC) Navisun LLC and Navisun Holdings LLC NECCO Holdings, Inc. and New England Confectionery Company, Inc. ) NECCO Realty Investments LLC Potomac Intermediate Holdings II LLC PS Operating Company LLC and PS Op Holdings LLC Rug Doctor, LLC and RD Holdco Inc. ) S Toys Holdings LLC (fka The Step2 Company, LLC) ) Senior Direct Lending Program, LLC Singer Sewing Company, SVP-Singer Holdings, LLC and SVP-Singer Holdings LP ) Startec Equity, LLC VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC 
 ______________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Together with Varagon Capital Partners Varagon and its clients, the Company has co-invested through the Senior Direct Lending Program LLC (d/b/a the Senior Direct Lending Program or the SDLP ). The SDLP has been capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the SDLP must be approved by an investment committee of the SDLP consisting of representatives of the Company and Varagon (with approval from a representative of each required); therefore, although the Company owns more than of the voting securities of the SDLP, the Company does not believe that it has control over the 
 F-106 

SDLP (for purposes of the Investment Company Act or otherwise) because, among other things, these voting securities do not afford the Company the right to elect directors of the SDLP or any other special rights (see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements). 
 
 (6) of the Company's total assets are represented by investments at fair value and other assets that are considered "non-qualifying assets" as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 (7) Variable rate loans to the Company s portfolio companies bear interest at a rate that may be determined by reference to either the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or an alternate base rate (commonly based on the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate), at the borrower s option, which reset annually (A), semi-annually (S), quarterly (Q), bi-monthly (B), monthly (M) or daily (D). For each such loan, the Company has provided the interest rate in effect on the date presented. 
 
 (8) on in aggregate principal amount of a first out tranche of the portfolio company s senior term debt previously syndicated by the Company into first out and last out tranches, whereby the first out tranche will have priority as to the last out tranche with respect to payments of principal, interest and any other amounts due thereunder. 
 
 (9) The Company sold a participating interest of approximately in aggregate principal amount of the portfolio company s first lien senior secured delayed draw term loan. As the transaction did not qualify as a true sale in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), the Company recorded a corresponding secured borrowing, at fair value, included in secured borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the interest rate in effect for the secured borrowing was . 
 
 (10) in aggregate principal amount outstanding of the portfolio company s first lien senior secured revolving loan. As the transaction did not qualify as a true sale in accordance with GAAP, the Company recorded a corresponding secured borrowing, at fair value, included in secured borrowings in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the interest rate in effect for the secured borrowing was . 
 
 (11) 
 
 (12) 
 
 (13) In addition to the interest earned based on the stated contractual interest rate of this security, the certificates entitle the holders thereof to receive a portion of the excess cash flow from the SDLP s loan portfolio, after expenses, which may result in a return to the Company greater than the contractual stated interest rate. 
 
 (14) 
 
 (15) 
 
 (16) As of December 31, 2021, the Company had the following commitments to fund various revolving and delayed draw senior secured and subordinated loans, including commitments to issue letters of credit through a financial intermediary on behalf of certain portfolio companies. Such commitments are subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the documents governing these loans and letters of credit and there can be no assurance that such conditions will be satisfied. See Note 7 for further information on revolving and delayed draw loan commitments, including commitments to issue letters of credit, related to certain portfolio companies. 
 F-107 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments A.U.L. Corp. Absolute Dental Group LLC and Absolute Dental Equity, LLC ) Abzena Holdings, Inc. and Astro Group Holdings Ltd. Accommodations Plus Technologies LLC and Accommodations Plus Technologies Holdings LLC ) ADG, LLC and RC IV GEDC Investor LLC ) AffiniPay Midco, LLC and AffiniPay Intermediate Holdings, LLC AI Aqua Merger Sub, Inc. Alcami Corporation and ACM Holdings I, LLC Alera Group, Inc. American Residential Services L.L.C. and Aragorn Parent Holdings LP Anaqua Parent Holdings, Inc. Astorg VII Co-Invest Anaqua APG Intermediate Holdings Corporation and APG Holdings, LLC Appriss Health, LLC and Appriss Health Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Apptio, Inc. ) AQ Sunshine, Inc. ) Argenbright Holdings V, LLC Arrowhead Holdco Company and Arrowhead GS Holdings, Inc. ) ASP-r-pac Acquisition CO LLC and ASP-r-pac Holdings LP ) Athenahealth, Inc., VVC Holding Corp., Virence Intermediate Holding Corp., and Virence Holdings LLC ATI Restoration, LLC ) Atlas Intermediate III, L.L.C. Aventine Intermediate LLC and Aventine Holdings II LLC Avetta, LLC AxiomSL Group, Inc. and Calypso Group, Inc. Bamboo Purchaser, Inc. Banyan Software Holdings, LLC Beacon Pointe Harmony, LLC Bearcat Buyer, Inc. and Bearcat Parent, Inc. Belfor Holdings, Inc. ) Benecon Midco II LLC and Locutus Holdco LLC Benefytt Technologies, Inc. Berner Food Beverage, LLC ) Borrower R365 Holdings LLC Bragg Live Food Products, LLC and SPC Investment Co., L.P. ) Businessolver.com, Inc. Cadence Aerospace, LLC ) Capstone Acquisition Holdings, Inc. and Capstone Parent Holdings, LP ) Cardinal Parent, Inc. and Packers Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. ) CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc. ) CDI Holdings III Corp. and CDI Holdings I Corp. Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC ) Centric Brands LLC and Centric Brands GP LLC ) Chariot Buyer LLC ) Cobalt Buyer Sub, Inc., Cobalt Holdings I, LP, and Cobalt Intermediate I, Inc. ) Commercial Trailer Leasing, Inc. Comprehensive EyeCare Partners, LLC ) 
 F-108 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments Concert Golf Partners Holdco LLC ) Consilio Midco Limited and Consilio Investment Holdings, L.P. Continental Caf , LLC and Infinity Ovation Yacht Charters, LLC CoreLogic, Inc. and T-VIII Celestial Co-Invest LP Cority Software Inc., IQS, Inc. and Cority Parent, Inc. Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. and Sunshine Software Holdings, Inc. ) Cozzini Bros., Inc. and BH-Sharp Holdings LP CrossCountry Mortgage, LLC CST Buyer Company (d/b/a Intoxalock) CVP Holdco, Inc. and OMERS Wildcats Investment Holdings LLC ) DecoPac, Inc. and KCAKE Holdings Inc. ) Denali Holdco LLC and Denali Topco LLC DFC Global Facility Borrower III LLC ) Diligent Corporation and Diligent Preferred Issuer, Inc. Display Holding Company, Inc., Saldon Holdings, Inc. and Fastsigns Holdings Inc. DRS Holdings III, Inc. and DRS Holdings I, Inc. DS Admiral Bidco, LLC DTI Holdco, Inc. and OPE DTI Holdings, Inc. ) Dye Durham Corporation Dynamic NC Aerospace Holdings, LLC and Dynamic NC Investment Holdings, LP Eckler Industries, Inc. and Eckler Purchaser LLC ) ) Elemica Parent, Inc. EZ Elemica Holdings, Inc. ) Emergency Communications Network, LLC EP Wealth Advisors, LLC ) EpiServer Inc. and Episerver Sweden Holdings AB EPS NASS Parent, Inc. ) eResearch Technology, Inc. and Astorg VII Co-Invest ERT Essential Services Holding Corporation and OMERS Mahomes Investment Holdings LLC ) Extrahop Networks, Inc. FL Hawk Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Flinn Scientific, Inc. and WCI-Quantum Holdings, Inc. ) Flow Control Solutions, Inc. FM:Systems Group, LLC ) Forescout Technologies, Inc. Foundation Risk Partners, Corp. FS Squared Holding Corp. and FS Squared, LLC ) Galway Borrower LLC ) Garden Fresh Restaurant Corp. and GFRC Holdings LLC ) Genesis Acquisition Co. and Genesis Ultimate Holding Co. ) GHX Ultimate Parent Corporation, Commerce Parent, Inc. and Commerce Topco, LLC GI Ranger Intermediate LLC Global Music Rights, LLC GraphPAD Software, LLC, Insightful Science Intermediate I, LLC and Insightful Science Holdings, LLC Green Street Parent, LLC and Green Street Intermediate Holdings, LLC HAI Acquisition Corporation and Aloha Topco, LLC Halcon Holdings, LLC 
 F-109 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments Harvey Tool Company, LLC ) HealthEdge Software, Inc. ) Heavy Construction Systems Specialists, LLC Heelstone Renewable Energy, LLC Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. HH-Stella, Inc. and Bedrock Parent Holdings, LP ) High Street Buyer, Inc. and High Street Holdco LLC Highline Aftermarket Acquisition, LLC, Highline Aftermarket SC Acquisition, Inc. and Highline PPC Blocker LLC ) Hometown Food Company Huskies Parent, Inc., GI Insurity Parent LLC and GI Insurity TopCo LP ) IntraPac International LLC and IntraPac Canada Corporation ) JDC Healthcare Management, LLC ) Jim N Nicks Management, LLC ) Joyce Lane Capital LLC and Joyce Lane Financing SPV LLC (fka Ciena Capital LLC) K2 Insurance Services, LLC and K2 Holdco LP KBHS Acquisition, LLC (d/b/a Alita Care, LLC) ) Kellermeyer Bergensons Services, LLC Kene Acquisition, Inc. and Kene Holdings, L.P. ) Laboratories Bidco LLC and Laboratories Topco LLC Lakers Buyer, Inc. and Lakers Parent LLC ) Lew's Intermediate Holdings, LLC ) Lido Advisors, LLC LSP Holdco, LLC and ZBS Mechanical Group Co-Invest Fund 2, LLC Majesco and Magic Topco, L.P. Manna Pro Products, LLC ) Maverick Acquisition, Inc. Mavis Tire Express Services Topco Corp., Metis Holdco, Inc. and Metis Topco, LP ) McKenzie Creative Brands, LLC Medline Borrower, LP Micromeritics Instrument Corp. ) Ministry Brands Holdings, LLC and RCP MB Investments B, L.P. Ministry Brands, LLC and MB Parent HoldCo, L.P. (dba Community Brands) ) MMIT Holdings, LLC ) Monica Holdco (US) Inc. Moon Valley Nursery of Arizona Retail, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery Farm Holdings, LLC, Moon Valley Nursery RE Holdings LLC, and Stonecourt IV Partners, LP MRI Software LLC n2y Holding, LLC NAS, LLC and Nationwide Marketing Group, LLC ) National Intergovernmental Purchasing Alliance Company NCWS Intermediate, Inc. and NCWS Holdings LP Nelipak Holding Company, Nelipak European Holdings Cooperatief U.A., KNPAK Holdings, LP and PAKNK Netherlands Treasury B.V. ) Nest Topco Borrower Inc., KKR Nest Co-Invest L.P., and NBLY 2021-1 NMC Skincare Intermediate Holdings II, LLC ) NMN Holdings III Corp. and NMN Holdings LP ) North American Fire Holdings, LLC and North American Fire Ultimate Holdings, LLC 
 F-110 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments North American Science Associates, LLC, Cardinal Purchaser LLC and Cardinal Topco Holdings, L.P. North Haven Falcon Buyer, LLC and North Haven Falcon Holding Company, LLC North Haven Stack Buyer, LLC NSM Insurance Group, LLC ) NueHealth Performance, LLC ) Olympia Acquisition, Inc. and Olympia TopCo, L.P. ) OneDigital Borrower LLC Padres L.P. Pathway Vet Alliance LLC and Jedi Group Holdings LLC Patriot Growth Insurance Services, LLC Paya, Inc and GTCR-Ultra Holdings LLC PDI TA Holdings, Inc., Peachtree Parent, Inc. and Insight PDI Holdings, LLC Pegasus Global Enterprise Holdings, LLC, Mekone Blocker Acquisition, Inc. and Mekone Parent, LLC Pelican Products, Inc. People Corporation ) Perforce Software, Inc. Petroleum Service Group LLC ) Pluralsight, Inc. Precinmac (US) Holdings Inc., Trimaster Manufacturing Inc. and Blade Group Holdings, LP. Premier Specialties, Inc. and RMCF V CIV XLIV, L.P. Premise Health Holding Corp. and OMERS Bluejay Investment Holdings LP ) Pritchard Industries, LLC and LJ Pritchard TopCo Holdings, LLC Production Resource Group, L.L.C. and PRG III, LLC ProfitSolv Purchaser, Inc. and PS Co-Invest, L.P. Project Essential Bidco, Inc. and Project Essential Super Parent, Inc. Project Potter Buyer, LLC and Project Potter Parent, L.P. ) Proofpoint, Inc. PS Operating Company LLC and PS Op Holdings LLC ) Pyramid Management Advisors, LLC and Pyramid Investors, LLC ) QF Holdings, Inc. Radius Aerospace, Inc. and Radius Aerospace Europe Limited Raptor Technologies, LLC, Sycamore Bidco LTD and Rocket Parent, LLC Reddy Ice LLC Redwood Services, LLC and Redwood Services Holdco, LLC Reef Lifestyle, LLC ) Registrar Intermediate, LLC and PSP Registrar Co-Investment Fund, L.P. Relativity ODA LLC Repairify, Inc. and Repairify Holdings, LLC Rialto Management Group, LLC ) RMS HoldCo II, LLC and RMS Group Holdings, Inc. Rodeo AcquisitionCo LLC ) RSC Acquisition, Inc. and RSC Insurance Brokerage, Inc. ) RTI Surgical, Inc. and Pioneer Surgical Technology, Inc. ) 
 F-111 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments Safe Home Security, Inc., Security Systems Inc., Safe Home Monitoring, Inc., National Protective Services, Inc., Bright Integrations LLC and Medguard Alert, Inc. Schill Landscaping and Lawn Care Services, LLC and Landscape Parallel Partners, LP SCIH Salt Holdings Inc. ) SCM Insurance Services Inc. SFE Intermediate Holdco LLC Shock Doctor, Inc. and Shock Doctor Holdings, LLC ) Shur-Co Acquisition, Inc. and Shur-Co Holdco, Inc. ) SiroMed Physician Services, Inc. and SiroMed Equity Holdings, LLC SM Wellness Holdings, Inc. and SM Holdco, Inc. Spring Insurance Solutions, LLC Star US Bidco LLC Stealth Holding LLC and UCIT Online Security Inc. Sun Acquirer Corp. and Sun TopCo, LP Sundance Group Holdings, Inc. ) Sunk Rock Foundry Partners LP, Hatteras Electrical Manufacturing Holding Company and Sigma Electric Manufacturing Corporation, Diecast Beacon ) Sunshine Sub, LLC SV-Burton Holdings, LLC and LBC Breeze Holdings LLC Symplr Software Inc. and Symplr Software Intermediate Holdings, Inc. Synergy HomeCare Franchising, LLC and NP/Synergy Holdings, LLC TA/WEG Holdings, LLC ) Taymax Group, L.P., Taymax Group G.P., LLC, PF Salem Canada ULC and TCP Fit Parent, L.P. ) ) TCP Hawker Intermediate LLC Teligent, Inc. ) TerSera Therapeutics LLC The Alaska Club Partners, LLC, Athletic Club Partners LLC and The Alaska Club, Inc. The Arcticom Group, LLC and AMCP Mechanical Holdings, LP ) The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. and H F Unite Partners, L.P. ) The Ultimus Group Midco, LLC, The Ultimus Group, LLC, and The Ultimus Group Aggregator, LP Therapy Brands Holdings LLC Thermostat Purchaser III, Inc. THG Acquisition, LLC United Digestive MSO Parent, LLC US Salt Investors, LLC and Emerald Lake Pearl Acquisition-A, L.P. Verscend Holding Corp. ) VLS Recovery Services, LLC ) VPP Intermediate Holdings, LLC and VPP Group Holdings, L.P. VPROP Operating, LLC and V SandCo, LLC VS Buyer, LLC Watchfire Enterprises, Inc. Watermill Express, LLC and Watermill Express Holdings, LLC WebPT, Inc. Wellness AcquisitionCo, Inc. Wildcat BuyerCo, Inc. and Wildcat Parent, LP WorkWave Intermediate II, LLC WSHP FC Acquisition LLC ) 
 F-112 

(in millions) Portfolio Company Total revolving and delayed draw loan commitments Less: funded commitments Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw commitments XIFIN, Inc. and ACP Charger Co-Invest LLC ) YE Brands Holdings, LLC ) ) 
 
 (17) 
 ) ) European Capital UK SME Debt LP ) ) ) ) 
 
 (18) As of December 31, 2021, the Company had commitments to co-invest in the SDLP for its portion of the SDLP s commitment to fund delayed draw loans of up to . See Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for more information on the SDLP. 
 
 (19) 
 
 (20) As of December 31, 2021, the estimated net unrealized gain for federal tax purposes was billion based on a tax cost basis of billion. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated aggregate gross unrealized loss for federal income tax purposes was billion and the estimated aggregate gross unrealized gain for federal income tax purposes was billion. 

F-113 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 
 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Undistributed (Overdistributed) Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Issuance of common stock, net of offering and underwriting costs Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net investment income Net realized losses on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) ) Net unrealized losses on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) ) Dividends declared and payable per share) 
 ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Issuance of common stock, net of offering and underwriting costs Shares issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan Net investment income Net realized gains on investments, foreign currency, extinguishment of debt and other transactions Net unrealized gains on investments, foreign currency and other transactions Dividends declared and payable per share) 
 ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock, net of offering and underwriting costs 1 Shares issued in connection with dividend reinvestment plan Net investment income Net realized gains on investments, foreign currency, extinguishment of debt and other transactions Net unrealized losses on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) ) Dividends declared and payable per share) 
 ) ) Cumulative effect of adjustment for the adoption of ASU 2020-06 (Note 2) ) ) Tax reclassification of stockholders equity in accordance with GAAP ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-114 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions) For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations Adjustments to reconcile net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations: Net realized (gains) losses on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) ) Net unrealized losses (gains) on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) Realized loss on extinguishment of debt Net accretion of discount on investments ) ) ) PIK interest ) ) ) Collections of PIK interest PIK dividends ) ) ) Collections of PIK dividends Amortization of debt issuance costs Net amortization of discount (premium) on notes payable ) Proceeds from sales and repayments of investments and other transactions Purchases of investments ) ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable ) ) Receivable from participants ) Other assets ) Operating lease right-of-use asset Base management fees payable Income based fees payable ) Capital gains incentive fees payable ) ) Interest and facility fees payable Payable to participants ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings on debt Repayments and repurchases of debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Dividends paid ) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) Secured borrowings, net Net cash provided by financing activities CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD Supplemental Information: Interest paid during the period Taxes, including excise tax, paid during the period Dividends declared and payable during the period 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F-115 

ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 (in millions, except per share data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; 
 for example, with the word billion or otherwise) 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, of cash denominated in foreign currencies included within cash and cash equivalents or restricted cash in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

F-116 

Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows 

F-117 

F-118 

F-119 

. Such operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use ROU assets and operating lease liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company does not have any finance leases. 
 
 The ROU asset represents the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and the operating lease liability represents the Company s obligation to make lease payments arising from such lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the remaining lease term. The Company s leases do not provide an implicit discount rate, and as such the Company uses its weighted average borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of the remaining lease payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term. The Company has elected as a practical expedient to treat non-lease components as part of the lease as these components are not significant when compared to the lease component. 

F-120 

in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes outstanding as of March 31, 2022, and a requirement for the Company to calculate diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method which assumes full share settlement for the aggregate value of the in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes. The Company s adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Notes 5 and 10 for additional information on the effects of the adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The amendments apply only to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. In January 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) , which expanded the scope of Topic 848 to include derivative instruments impacted by discounting transition. ASU 2020-04 and ASU 2021-01 are effective for all entities through December 31, 2022. The expedients and exceptions provided by the amendments do not apply to contract modifications and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging transactions as of December 31, 2022, that an entity has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 , which deferred the sunset day of this guidance to December 31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. 

days written notice to the other party. 
 
 Effective June 21, 2019, in connection with the Company s board of directors approval of the modification of the asset coverage requirement applicable to senior securities from to , the investment advisory and management agreement was amended to reduce the Company s annual base management fee rate from to on all assets financed using leverage over x debt to equity. For all assets financed using leverage up to x debt to equity, the annual base management fee rate remains at . The base management fee is based on the average value of the Company s total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) at the end of the most recently 
 F-121 

per quarter. If market credit spreads rise, the Company may be able to invest its funds in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which may increase the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income and make it easier for the Company s investment adviser to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an income based fee based on such net investment income. To the extent the Company has retained pre-incentive fee net investment income that has been used to calculate the income based fee, it is also included in the amount of the Company s total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds) used to calculate the base management fee. 
 
 The Company pays its investment adviser an income based fee with respect to the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 
 No income based fee in any calendar quarter in which the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 
 of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than in any calendar quarter. The Company refers to this portion of its pre-incentive fee net investment income (which exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than as the catch-up provision. The catch-up is meant to provide the Company s investment adviser with of the pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if this net investment income exceeded in any calendar quarter; and 
 
 of the amount of the Company s pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter. 
 
 These calculations are adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter. 
 
 The capital gains incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or, upon termination of the investment advisory and management agreement, as of the termination date) and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from October 8, 2004 (the date the Company completed its initial public offering). Realized capital gains and losses include gains and losses on investments and foreign currencies, gains and losses on extinguishment of debt and from other assets, as well as any income tax and other expenses related to cumulative aggregate realized gains and losses. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the capital gains incentive fee for such year is equal to of such amount, less the aggregate 
 F-122 

Income based fees Capital gains incentive fees(1) ) ) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Calculated in accordance with GAAP as discussed below. 
 
 There was capital gains incentive fee payable to the Company s investment adviser as calculated under the investment advisory and management agreement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020. The capital gains incentive fee payable to the Company s investment adviser as calculated under the investment advisory and management agreement for the year ended December 31, 2021 was . In addition, in accordance with GAAP, the Company had cumulatively accrued a capital gains incentive fee of as of December 31, 2022. GAAP requires that the capital gains incentive fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the investment advisory and management agreement. This GAAP accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation included in the calculation of the capital gains incentive fee plus the aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation, net of any expense associated with cumulative unrealized capital depreciation or appreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires the Company to record a capital gains incentive fee equal to of such cumulative amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains incentive fees paid or capital gains incentive fees accrued under GAAP in all prior periods. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has paid capital gains incentive fees since inception totaling . The resulting accrual for any capital gains incentive fee under GAAP in a given period may result in an additional expense if such cumulative amount is greater than in the prior period or a reversal of previously recorded expense if such cumulative amount is less than in the prior period. If such cumulative amount is negative, then there is no accrual. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. 
 
 F-123 

of the Company s net assets (defined as total assets less indebtedness) at the beginning of such period. These calculations will be adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases. Any income based fees and capital gains incentive fees deferred for payment are carried over for payment in subsequent calculation periods to the extent such fees are payable under the terms of the investment advisory and management agreement. Pursuant to the terms under the investment advisory and management agreement, as of December 31, 2022, payment of of the income based fees earned by the Company s investment adviser during the year ended December 31, 2022 has been deferred. 
 
 The services of all investment professionals and staff of the Company s investment adviser, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services to the Company, and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by the Company s investment adviser. Under the investment 
 advisory and management agreement, the Company bears all other costs and expenses of its operations and transactions, including, but not limited to, those relating to: organization; calculation of the Company s net asset value (including, but not limited to, the cost and expenses of any independent third-party valuation firm); expenses incurred by the Company s investment adviser payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, in monitoring the Company s financial and legal affairs and in monitoring the Company s investments (including the cost of consultants hired to develop information technology systems designed to monitor the Company s investments) and performing due diligence on the Company s prospective portfolio companies; interest payable on indebtedness, if any, incurred to finance the Company s investments (including payments to third party vendors for financial information services); offerings of the Company s common stock and other securities; investment advisory and management fees; administration fees; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments in portfolio companies, regardless of whether such transactions are ultimately consummated; transfer agent and custodial fees; registration fees; listing fees; taxes; independent directors fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; to the extent the Company is covered by any joint insurance policies, the Company s allocable portion of the insurance premiums for such policies; direct costs and expenses of administration, including auditor and legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by the Company or its administrator in connection with administering the Company s business as described in more detail under Administration Agreement below. 
 
 Administration Agreement 
 
 The Company is party to an administration agreement, referred to herein as the administration agreement , with its administrator, Ares Operations. Pursuant to the administration agreement, Ares Operations furnishes the Company with office equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at the Company s office facilities. Under the administration agreement, Ares Operations also performs, or oversees the performance of, the Company s required administrative services, which include, among other things, providing assistance in accounting, legal, compliance, operations, technology and investor relations, being responsible for the financial records that the Company is required to maintain and preparing reports to its stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Ares Operations assists the Company in determining and publishing its net asset value, assists the Company in providing managerial assistance to its portfolio companies, oversees the preparation and filing of the Company s tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to its stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of its expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to the Company by others. Payments under the administration agreement are equal to an amount based upon its allocable portion of Ares Operations overhead and other expenses (including travel expenses) incurred by Ares Operations in performing its obligations under the administration agreement, including the Company s allocable portion of the compensation, rent and other expenses of certain of its officers (including the Company s chief compliance officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, general counsel, secretary, treasurer and assistant treasurer) and their respective staffs. The administration agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon days written notice to the other party. 
 
 , and , respectively, in administrative fees. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, in administrative fees were unpaid and included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 F-124 

Second lien senior secured loans Subordinated certificates of the SDLP(3) Senior subordinated loans Preferred equity Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(4) Other equity Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The amortized cost represents the original cost adjusted for any accretion of discounts, amortization of premiums and PIK interest or dividends. 
 
 (2) First lien senior secured loans include certain loans that the Company classifies as unitranche loans. The total amortized cost and fair value of the loans that the Company classified as unitranche loans were and respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 (3) The proceeds from these certificates were applied to co-investments with Varagon and its clients to fund first lien senior secured loans to and different borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (4) Includes the Company s equity and subordinated loan investments in IHAM, as applicable. 
 
 F-125 

Diversified Financials(1) Health Care Services Commercial Professional Services Investment Funds and Vehicles(2) Insurance Services Power Generation Consumer Services Consumer Durables Apparel Capital Goods Automobiles Components Media Entertainment Food Beverage Energy Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology Life Sciences Other Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes the Company s investment in IHAM. 
 
 (2) Includes the Company s investment in the SDLP, which had made first lien senior secured loans to and different borrowers as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The portfolio companies in the SDLP are in industries similar to the companies in the Company s portfolio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Geographic Region West(1) Midwest Southeast Mid-Atlantic Northeast(2) International Total 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Includes the Company s investment in the SDLP, which represented and of the total investment portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (2) Includes the Company s investment in IHAM, which represented and of the total investment portfolio at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F-126 

of the total investments at amortized cost (or at fair value) and at amortized cost (or at fair value), respectively. 
 
 Senior Direct Lending Program 
 
 The Company has established a joint venture with Varagon to make certain first lien senior secured loans, including certain stretch senior and unitranche loans, primarily to U.S. middle-market companies. Varagon was formed in 2013 as a lending platform by American International Group, Inc. and other partners. The joint venture is called the SDLP. In July 2016, the Company and Varagon and its clients completed the initial funding of the SDLP. The SDLP may generally commit and hold individual loans of up to . The Company and other accounts managed by the Company s investment adviser and its affiliates may directly co-invest with the SDLP to accommodate larger transactions. The SDLP is capitalized as transactions are completed and all portfolio decisions and generally all other decisions in respect of the SDLP must be approved by an investment committee of the SDLP consisting of representatives of the Company and Varagon (with approval from a representative of each required). 
 
 The Company provides capital to the SDLP in the form of subordinated certificates (the SDLP Certificates ), and Varagon and its clients provide capital to the SDLP in the form of senior notes, intermediate funding notes and SDLP Certificates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and a client of Varagon owned and , respectively, of the outstanding SDLP Certificates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company and Varagon and its clients had agreed to make capital available to the SDLP of and , respectively, in the aggregate, of which and , respectively, is to be made available from the Company. The Company will continue to provide capital to the SDLP in the form of SDLP Certificates, and Varagon and its clients will provide capital to the SDLP in the form of senior notes, intermediate funding notes and SDLP Certificates. This capital will only be committed to the SDLP upon approval of transactions by the investment committee of the SDLP as discussed above. 
 
 Total capital funded to the SDLP by the Company(1) Total unfunded capital commitments to the SDLP(2) Total unfunded capital commitments to the SDLP by the Company(2) 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) At principal amount. 

The SDLP Certificates pay a coupon equal to LIBOR plus and also entitle the holders thereof to receive a portion of the excess cash flow from the loan portfolio, after expenses, which may result in a return to the holders of the SDLP Certificates that is greater than the stated coupon. The SDLP Certificates are junior in right of payment to the senior notes and intermediate funding notes. 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of the SDLP Certificates held by the Company were and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. The Company s yield on its investment in the SDLP Certificates at amortized cost and fair value was and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and and , respectively, as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Capital structuring service and other fees 
 
 F-127 

of the loans was on non-accrual status. As of December 31, 2021, of the loans were on non-accrual status. 
 Largest loan to a single borrower(1) Total of five largest loans to borrowers(1) Number of borrowers in the SDLP Commitments to fund delayed draw loans(3) 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) At principal amount. 
 
 (2) First lien senior secured loans include certain loans that the SDLP classifies as unitranche loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total principal amount of loans in the SDLP portfolio that the SDLP classified as unitranche loans was and , respectively. 
 
 (3) As discussed above, these commitments have been approved by the investment committee of the SDLP. 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X, selected financial information of the SDLP, in conformity with GAAP, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are presented below: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Selected Balance Sheet Information: Investments at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Other assets Total assets Senior notes Intermediate funding notes Other liabilities Total liabilities Subordinated certificates and members capital Total liabilities and members capital 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Selected Statement of Operations Information: Total investment income Interest expense Other expenses Total expenses Net investment income Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Net increase in members capital resulting from operations 
 F-128 

billion. As of December 31, 2022, IHAM managed vehicles and served as the sub-manager/sub-servicer for one other vehicle (these vehicles managed or sub-managed/sub-serviced by IHAM are referred to as the IHAM Vehicles ). IHAM earns fee income from managing the IHAM Vehicles and has also invested in certain of these vehicles as part of its business strategy. The amortized cost of IHAM s total investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IHAM had management and incentive fee income of , and , respectively, and other investment-related income of , and , respectively. 

Equity investment 
 Total Company s investment in IHAM 

Dividend income 

From time to time, IHAM or certain IHAM Vehicles may purchase investments from, or sell investments to, the Company. For any such sales or purchases by the IHAM Vehicles to or from the Company, the IHAM Vehicle must obtain approval from third parties unaffiliated with the Company or IHAM, as applicable. During the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, IHAM or certain of the IHAM Vehicles purchased , and , respectively, of loans from the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized , and , respectively, of net realized losses from these sales. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased of investments from certain IHAM Vehicles. 
 
 IHAM is party to an administration agreement, referred to herein as the IHAM administration agreement, with Ares Operations. Pursuant to the IHAM administration agreement, Ares Operations provides IHAM with, among other things, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services, services relating to the marketing and sale of interests in vehicles managed by IHAM, services of, and oversight of, custodians, depositories, accountants, attorneys, underwriters and such other persons in any other capacity deemed to be necessary. Under the IHAM administration agreement, IHAM reimburses Ares Operations for all of the actual costs associated with such services, including Ares Operations allocable portion of the compensation, rent and other expenses of its officers, employees and respective staff in performing its obligations under the IHAM administration agreement. 
 
 Selected Financial Information 
 
 F-129 

) Cash and cash equivalents Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities Debt Subordinated note from ARCC Subordinated notes(3) ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Equity Contributed capital Accumulated earnings Net unrealized losses on investments and foreign currency transactions ) ) Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(4) 
 ) ) Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity ) 
 
 F-130 

) Cash and cash equivalents Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities Debt Subordinated note from ARCC Subordinated notes(3) ) Other liabilities ) Total liabilities ) Equity Contributed capital Accumulated earnings Net unrealized gains on investments and foreign currency transactions Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(4) 
 ) Total equity ) Total liabilities and equity ) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Consolidated for GAAP purposes only. 
 
 (2) The determination of such fair value is determined in accordance with IHAM s valuation procedures (separate and apart from the Company s valuation process described elsewhere herein). The amortized cost of IHAM s total investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The amortized cost of the total investments of IHAM on a consolidated basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 (3) Subordinated notes generally represent the most junior capital in certain of the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles and effectively represent equity in such vehicles. 
 
 (4) Non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles includes net unrealized depreciation in the Consolidated IHAM Vehicles of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F-131 

) Management fees and other income ) Total revenues ) Expenses Interest expense Distributions to subordinated notes ) Management fees and other expenses ) Total expenses ) Net operating income ) Net realized losses on investments and other transactions ) ) Net unrealized losses on investments and other transactions ) ) ) Total net realized and unrealized losses on investments and other transactions ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles ) ) ) Net income attributable to Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 IHAM Consolidated IHAM Vehicles(1) Eliminations Consolidated Selected Statement of Operations Information: Revenues Investment income ) Management fees and other income ) Total revenues ) Expenses Interest expense Distributions to subordinated notes ) Management fees and other expenses ) Total expenses ) Net operating income Net realized gains (losses) on investments and other transactions ) ) Net unrealized gains on investments and other transactions ) Total net realized and unrealized gains on investments and other transactions ) Net income ) Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Consolidated IHAM Vehicles ) Net income attributable to Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 
 
 F-132 

) Management fees and other income ) Total revenues ) Expenses Interest expense Distributions to subordinated notes ) Management fees and other expenses ) Total expenses ) Net operating income Net realized gains (losses) on investments and other transactions ) Net unrealized losses on investments and other transactions ) ) ) Total net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on investments and other transactions ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests in Consolidated Funds Net income attributable to Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P. 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Consolidated for GAAP purposes only. 

to effective June 21, 2019. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the senior securities issued by the Company was and the Company s asset coverage was . 
 
 F-133 

(2) (2) Revolving Funding Facility SMBC Funding Facility (3) (3) BNP Funding Facility 2022 Convertible Notes (4) 2024 Convertible Notes (4) (4) 2023 Notes (5) (5) 2024 Notes (6) (6) March 2025 Notes (7) (7) July 2025 Notes (8) (8) January 2026 Notes (9) (9) July 2026 Notes (10) (10) 2027 Notes (11) 2028 Notes (12) (12) 2031 Notes (13) (13) Total 
 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents the total aggregate amount committed or outstanding, as applicable, under such instrument. Borrowings under the committed Revolving Credit Facility, Revolving Funding Facility, SMBC Funding Facility and BNP Funding Facility (each as defined below) are subject to borrowing base and other restrictions. 
 
 (2) Provides for a feature that allows the Company, under certain circumstances, to increase the size of the Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) to a maximum of . 
 
 (3) Provides for a feature that allows ACJB (as defined below), under certain circumstances, to increase the size of the SMBC Funding Facility (as defined below) to a maximum of . 
 
 (4) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2024 Convertible Notes (as defined below). As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount for the 2024 Convertible Notes (as defined below) was . As of December 31, 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount for the 2022 Convertible Notes and the 2024 Convertible Notes (each as defined below) were and , respectively. In February 2022, the Company repaid in full the 2022 Convertible Notes upon their maturity. 
 
 (5) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2023 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the 2023 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 (6) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2024 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the 2024 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 (7) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the March 2025 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the March 2025 Notes. As of 
 F-134 

and , respectively. 
 
 (8) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the July 2025 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unaccreted premium recorded upon the issuance of the July 2025 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unaccreted premium was and , respectively. 
 
 (9) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the January 2026 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the January 2026 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 (10) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the July 2026 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the July 2026 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 (11) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2027 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the 2027 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount was . 
 
 (12) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2028 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the 2028 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 (13) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding of the 2031 Notes (as defined below), less unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount recorded upon the issuance of the 2031 Notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total unamortized debt issuance costs and the unamortized discount was and , respectively. 
 
 The weighted average stated interest rate and weighted average maturity, both on aggregate principal amount outstanding, of all the Company s outstanding debt as of December 31, 2022 were and years, respectively, and as of December 31, 2021 were and years, respectively. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 The Company is party to a senior secured revolving credit facility (as amended and restated, the Revolving Credit Facility ), that allows the Company to borrow up to at any one time outstanding. The Revolving Credit Facility consists of a term loan tranche and a revolving tranche. For of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 31, 2027. For of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 31, 2026. For the remaining of the term loan tranche, the stated maturity date is March 30, 2025. For of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2027, respectively. For of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2026, respectively. For the remaining of the revolving tranche, the end of the revolving period and the stated maturity date are March 30, 2024 and March 30, 2025, respectively. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for a feature that allows the Company, under certain circumstances, to increase the overall size of the Revolving Credit Facility to a maximum of . The Revolving Credit Facility generally requires payments of interest at the end of each Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR interest period, but no less frequently than quarterly, on SOFR based loans, and monthly payments of interest on other loans. Subsequent to the end of the respective revolving periods and prior to the respective stated maturity dates, the Company is required to repay the relevant outstanding principal amounts under both the term loan tranche and revolving tranche on a monthly basis in an amount equal to 1/12th of the outstanding principal amount at the end of the respective revolving periods. 
 
 Under the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar revolving credit facilities, including, without limitation, covenants related to: (a) limitations on the incurrence of additional indebtedness and liens, (b) limitations on certain investments, (c) limitations on certain restricted payments, (d) maintaining a certain minimum stockholders equity, (e) maintaining a ratio of total assets (less total liabilities not representing indebtedness) to total indebtedness of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (subject to certain exceptions) of not less than :1.0, (f) limitations on pledging certain unencumbered assets, and 
 F-135 

and outstanding, respectively, under the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility also provides for a sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit for up to an aggregate amount of with the ability to increase by an incremental on an uncommitted basis. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, in letters of credit issued through the Revolving Credit Facility. The amount available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility is reduced by any letters of credit issued. As of December 31, 2022, there was available for borrowing (net of letters of credit issued) under the Revolving Credit Facility, subject to borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 Since March 31, 2022, the interest rate charged on the Revolving Credit Facility is based on SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of (or an alternate rate of interest for certain loans, commitments and/or other extensions of credit denominated in Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Euros and certain other foreign currencies plus a spread adjustment, if applicable) and an applicable spread of either or or an alternate base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility) plus an applicable spread of or , in each case, determined monthly based on the total amount of the borrowing base relative to the sum of (i) the greater of (a) the aggregate amount of revolving exposure and term loans outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) of the total commitments of the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if higher, the total revolving exposure) plus (ii) other debt, if any, secured by the same collateral as the Revolving Credit Facility. The Revolving Credit Facility allows for borrowings to be made using one, three or six month SOFR. Prior to March 31, 2022, the interest rate charged on the Revolving Credit Facility was based on LIBOR (or an alternate rate of interest for certain loans, commitments and/or other extensions of credit denominated in Sterling, Canadian Dollars, Euros and certain other foreign currencies) plus an applicable spread of either or or an alternate base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Credit Facility) plus an applicable spread of or , in each case, determined monthly based on the total amount of the borrowing base relative to the sum of (i) the greater of (a) the aggregate amount of revolving exposure and term loans outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and (b) of the total commitments of the Revolving Credit Facility (or, if higher, the total revolving exposure) plus (ii) other debt, if any, secured by the same collateral as the Revolving Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the one, three and six month SOFR was 4.36 , 4.59 and 4.78 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable spread in effect was . In addition to the stated interest expense on the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company is required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on any unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. The Company is also required to pay a letter of credit fee of either or per annum on letters of credit issued, determined monthly based on the total amount of the borrowing base relative to the total commitments of the Revolving Credit Facility and other debt, if any, secured by the same collateral as the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 In December 2017, in connection with of the term loan tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company entered into a interest rate swap agreement to mitigate its exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates for a total notional amount of , which matured on January 4, 2021. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility is secured by certain assets in the Company s portfolio and excludes investments held by Ares Capital CP under the Revolving Funding Facility, those held by ACJB under the SMBC Funding Facility and those held by AFB under the BNP Funding Facility, each as described below, and certain other investments. 

F-136 

Credit facility fees Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and credit facility fees expense Cash paid for interest expense Average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 Revolving Funding Facility 
 
 The Company and the Company s consolidated subsidiary, Ares Capital CP Funding LLC Ares Capital CP ), are party to a revolving funding facility (as amended, the Revolving Funding Facility ), that allows Ares Capital CP to borrow up to at any one time outstanding. The Revolving Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by, and the membership interest in, Ares Capital CP. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the Revolving Funding Facility are December 29, 2024 and December 29, 2026, respectively. 
 
 Amounts available to borrow under the Revolving Funding Facility are subject to a borrowing base that applies different advance rates to different types of assets held by Ares Capital CP. Ares Capital CP is also subject to limitations with respect to the loans securing the Revolving Funding Facility, including restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, collateral interests and loans with fixed rates, as well as restrictions on portfolio company leverage, all of which may also affect the borrowing base and therefore amounts available to borrow. The Company and Ares Capital CP are also required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the agreements governing the Revolving Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and Ares Capital CP were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the Revolving Funding Facility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and outstanding, respectively, under the Revolving Funding Facility. Since June 30, 2022, the interest rate charged on the Revolving Funding Facility is based on SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment of or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Funding Facility) plus an applicable spread of per annum. From December 29, 2021 to June 29, 2022, the interest rate charged on the Revolving Funding Facility is based on one month LIBOR plus per annum or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the Revolving Funding Facility) plus per annum. Prior to December 29, 2021, the interest rate charged on the Revolving Funding Facility was based on one month LIBOR plus per annum or a base rate plus per annum. Since December 29, 2021, Ares Capital CP is also required to pay a commitment fee of between and per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Revolving Funding Facility. Prior to and including December 29, 2021, Ares Capital CP was required to pay a commitment fee of between and per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the Revolving Funding Facility. 
 
 Credit facility fees Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and credit facility fees expense Cash paid for interest expense Average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 F-137 

at any one time outstanding. The SMBC Funding Facility also provides for a feature that allows ACJB, subject to receiving certain consents, to increase the overall size of the SMBC Funding Facility to . The SMBC Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by ACJB. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the SMBC Funding Facility are May 28, 2024 and May 28, 2026, respectively. The reinvestment period and the stated maturity date are both subject to extensions by mutual agreement. 
 
 Amounts available to borrow under the SMBC Funding Facility are subject to a borrowing base that applies an advance rate to assets held by ACJB. ACJB is also subject to limitations with respect to the loans securing the SMBC Funding Facility, including restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, collateral interests and loans with fixed rates, as well as restrictions on portfolio company leverage, all of which may also affect the borrowing base and therefore amounts available to borrow. The Company and ACJB are also required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the documents governing the SMBC Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company and ACJB were in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the SMBC Funding Facility. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and outstanding, respectively, under the SMBC Funding Facility. The interest rate charged on the SMBC Funding Facility is based on an applicable spread of either or over one month LIBOR or or over a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the SMBC Funding Facility), in each case, determined monthly based on the amount of the average borrowings outstanding under the SMBC Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable spread in effect was . ACJB is required to pay a commitment fee of between and per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the SMBC Funding Facility. 
 
 Credit facility fees Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and credit facility fees expense Cash paid for interest expense Average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 BNP Funding Facility 
 
 The Company and the Company s consolidated subsidiary, ARCC FB Funding LLC AFB ), are party to a revolving funding facility (as amended, the BNP Funding Facility with AFB, as the borrower, and BNP Paribas, as the administrative agent and lender, that allows AFB to borrow up to at any one time outstanding. The BNP Funding Facility is secured by all of the assets held by AFB. The end of the reinvestment period and the stated maturity date for the BNP Funding Facility are June 11, 2023 and June 11, 2025, respectively. The reinvestment period and the stated maturity date are both subject to a extension by mutual agreement. See Note 15 for a subsequent event relating to the BNP Funding Facility. 
 
 Amounts available to borrow under the BNP Funding Facility are subject to a borrowing base that applies an advance rate to assets held by AFB. AFB is also subject to limitations with respect to the loans securing the BNP Funding Facility, including restrictions on sector concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, collateral interests and loans with fixed rates, as well as restrictions on portfolio company leverage, all of which may also affect the borrowing base and therefore amounts available to borrow. The Company and AFB are also required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar facilities. These covenants are subject to important limitations and 
 F-138 

outstanding under the BNP Funding Facility. As of December 31, 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the BNP Funding Facility. Since June 29, 2021, the interest rate charged on the BNP Funding Facility is based on three month LIBOR, or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the BNP Funding Facility) plus a margin of (i) during the reinvestment period and (ii) following the reinvestment period. Prior to June 29, 2021, the interest rate charged on the BNP Funding Facility was based on three month LIBOR (subject to a floor of ), or a base rate (as defined in the agreements governing the BNP Funding Facility) plus a margin that generally ranged between and (depending on the types of assets such advances relate to), with a weighted average margin floor for all classes of advances of (i) during the reinvestment period and (ii) following the reinvestment period. As of December 31, 2022, the applicable spread in effect was . AFB is required to pay a commitment fee of between and per annum depending on the size of the unused portion of the BNP Funding Facility. 
 
 Credit facility fees Amortization of debt issuance costs Total interest and credit facility fees expense Cash paid for interest expense Average stated interest rate Average outstanding balance 
 
 Convertible Unsecured Notes 
 
 The Company has issued in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes that mature on March 1, 2024 (the 2024 Convertible Notes unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with its terms. The Company does not have the right to redeem the 2024 Convertible Notes prior to maturity. The 2024 Convertible Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually. 
 
 In certain circumstances, assuming the conversion date below has not already passed, the 2024 Convertible Notes will be convertible into cash, shares of the Company s common stock or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company s election, at the conversion rate (listed below as of December 31, 2022) subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments and the requirements of the indenture (the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture ). Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the conversion date (listed below), holders may convert their 2024 Convertible Notes only under certain circumstances set forth in the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture. On or after the conversion date until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date for the 2024 Convertible Notes, holders may convert their 2024 Convertible Notes at any time. In addition, if the Company engages in certain corporate events as described in the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture, holders of the 2024 Convertible Notes may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or part of the 2024 Convertible Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest through, but excluding, the required repurchase date. 
 
 F-139 

Closing stock price at issuance Closing stock price date March 5, 2019 Conversion price (1) Conversion rate (shares per one thousand dollar principal amount)(1) Conversion date December 1, 2023 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Represents conversion price and conversion rate, as applicable, as of December 31, 2022, taking into account any applicable de minimis adjustments that will be made on the conversion date. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the principal amount of the 2024 Convertible Notes exceeded the value of the underlying shares multiplied by the per share closing price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2024 Convertible Notes under certain circumstances. These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are described in the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance in all material respects with the terms of the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture. 
 
 The 2024 Convertible Notes as well as any other convertible notes outstanding during the periods presented (collectively referred to as the Convertible Unsecured Notes are accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt . Upon conversion of the 2024 Convertible Notes, the Company intends to pay the outstanding principal amount in cash and to the extent that the conversion value exceeds the principal amount, the Company has the option to pay in cash or shares of the Company s common stock (or a combination of cash and shares) in respect of the excess amount, subject to the requirements of the 2024 Convertible Notes Indenture. The Company has determined that the embedded conversion options in the 2024 Convertible Notes are not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under GAAP. In accounting for the Convertible Unsecured Notes, the Company estimated at the time of issuance separate debt and equity components for the Convertible Unsecured Notes. An original issue discount equal to the equity components of the Convertible Unsecured Notes was recorded in capital in excess of par value in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, the issuance costs associated with the Convertible Unsecured Notes were allocated to the debt and equity components in proportion to the allocation of the proceeds and accounted for as debt issuance costs and equity issuance costs, respectively. As a result of adopting ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, the Company is no longer separating the 2024 Convertible Notes into debt and equity components, and is instead accounting for the 2024 Convertible Notes entirely as debt. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Convertible Notes, the Company incurred debt issuance costs of . The 2024 Convertible Notes were issued at a discount. The Company records interest expense comprised of both stated interest expense as well as accretion of any original issue discount or debt issuance costs. 
 
 Original issue discount, net of accretion ) Debt issuance costs, net of amortization ) Carrying value of debt Stated interest rate Effective interest rate(1) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 F-140 

In February 2022, the Company repaid in full the in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes (the 2022 Convertible Notes upon their maturity, resulting in a realized loss on the extinguishment of debt of . The 2022 Convertible Notes bore interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually. 
 
 Amortization of debt issuance costs Accretion of original issue discount Total interest expense Cash paid for interest expense 
 
 Unsecured Notes 
 
 The Company has issued certain unsecured notes (each issuance of which is referred to herein using the defined term set forth under the Unsecured Notes column of the table below and collectively referred to as the Unsecured Notes ), that pay interest semi-annually and all principal amounts are due upon maturity. Each of the Unsecured Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time at the Company s option at a redemption price equal to par plus a make whole premium, if applicable, as determined pursuant to the indentures governing each of the Unsecured Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 August 10, 2017 February 10, 2023 2024 Notes June 10, 2019 June 10, 2024 March 2025 Notes January 11, 2018 March 1, 2025 July 2025 Notes January 15, 2020 July 15, 2025 January 2026 Notes July 15, 2020 January 15, 2026 July 2026 Notes January 13, 2021 July 15, 2026 2027 Notes January 13, 2022 June 15, 2027 2028 Notes June 10, 2021 June 15, 2028 2031 Notes November 4, 2021 November 15, 2031 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the components of interest expense and cash paid for interest expense for the Unsecured Notes, as well as any other unsecured notes outstanding during the periods presented are listed below. 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stated interest expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Net (amortization) accretion of original issue premium/discount ) ) Accretion of purchase discount Total interest expense Cash paid for interest expense 
 
 The Unsecured Notes contain certain covenants, including covenants requiring the Company to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a) of the Investment Company Act, or any successor provisions, and to provide 
 F-141 

of the term loan tranche of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company entered into a interest rate swap agreement to mitigate its exposure to adverse fluctuations in interest rates for a total notional amount of , which matured on January 4, 2021. Under the interest rate swap agreement, the Company paid a fixed interest rate of and received a floating rate based on the prevailing one-month LIBOR plus a spread of . 
 
 1/27/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract CAD 1/18/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract 1/27/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract 1/27/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract NZD 1/27/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract CAD 1/27/2023 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Total ) 
 F-142 

1/28/2022 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract CAD 1/19/2022 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract 1/28/2022 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract 1/28/2022 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Foreign currency forward contract CAD 1/28/2022 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Total ) 
 
 ) Foreign currency forward contract Net realized gains (losses) from foreign currency and other transactions ) Total ) 
 
 Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is in the following location in the consolidated statements of operations: 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Derivative Instrument Statement Location 2022 2021 2020 Interest rate swap Net unrealized gains (losses) from foreign currency and other transactions Foreign currency forward contract Net unrealized gains (losses) from foreign currency and other transactions ) ) ) Total ) ) 

Less: funded commitments ) ) Total unfunded commitments Less: commitments substantially at discretion of the Company Less: unavailable commitments due to borrowing base or other covenant restrictions ) ) Total net adjusted unfunded revolving and delayed draw loan commitments 
 
 F-143 

and , respectively. The Company s commitment to fund delayed draw loans is triggered upon the satisfaction of certain pre-negotiated terms and conditions. Generally, the most significant and uncertain term requires the borrower to satisfy a specific use of proceeds covenant. The use of proceeds covenant typically requires the borrower to use the additional loans for the specific purpose of a permitted acquisition or permitted investment, for example. In addition to the use of proceeds covenant, the borrower is generally required to satisfy additional negotiated covenants (including specified leverage levels). 
 
 Also included within the total revolving loan commitments as of December 31, 2022 were commitments to issue up to in letters of credit through a financial intermediary on behalf of certain portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in letters of credit issued and outstanding under these commitments on behalf of the portfolio companies. For all these letters of credit issued and outstanding, the Company would be required to make payments to third parties if the portfolio companies were to default on their related payment obligations. All of the in letters of credit are due to expire in 2023. 
 
 The Company also has commitments to co-invest in the SDLP for the Company s portion of the SDLP s commitments to fund delayed draw loans to certain portfolio companies of the SDLP. See Note 4 for more information. 
 
 Less: funded private equity commitments ) ) Total unfunded private equity commitments Less: private equity commitments substantially at discretion of the Company ) ) Total net adjusted unfunded private equity commitments 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company may sell certain of its investments to third party purchasers. In particular, in connection with the sale of certain controlled portfolio company equity investments (as well as certain other sales) the Company has, and may continue to do so in the future, agreed to indemnify such purchasers for future liabilities arising from the investments and the related sale transaction. Such indemnification provisions have given rise to liabilities in the past and may do so in the future. 
 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, the Company may guarantee certain obligations in connection with its portfolio companies (in particular, certain controlled portfolio companies). Under these guarantee arrangements, payments may be required to be made to third parties if such guarantees are called upon or if the portfolio companies were to default on their related obligations, as applicable. 
 
 Lease Commitments 
 
 The Company is obligated under a number of operating leases pursuant to which it is leasing office facilities from third parties with remaining terms ranging from approximately one to . For certain of its operating leases, the Company had previously entered into subleases. 
 Less: sublease income ) ) ) Total operating lease costs (1) 
 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Total operating lease costs are incurred from office leases assumed as part of the Company s acquisition of American Capital, Ltd. 
 F-144 

Operating ROU assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 Total 

F-145 

F-146 

Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Second lien senior secured loans Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP Discounted cash flow analysis Discount rate - 
 Senior subordinated loans Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Preferred equity EV market multiple analysis EBITDA multiple x - x 
 x Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(2) Discounted cash flow analysis Discount rate - 
 Other equity EV market multiple analysis EBITDA multiple x - x 
 x Total investments 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the investments. 
 
 (2) Includes the Company s equity and subordinated loan investments in IHAM, as applicable. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021 Unobservable Input Asset Category Fair Value Primary Valuation Techniques Input Estimated Range Weighted Average (1) 
 First lien senior secured loans Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Second lien senior secured loans Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Subordinated certificates of the SDLP Discounted cash flow analysis Discount rate - 
 Senior subordinated loans Yield analysis Market yield - 
 Preferred equity EV market multiple analysis EBITDA multiple x - x 
 x Ivy Hill Asset Management, L.P.(2) Discounted cash flow analysis Discount rate - 
 Other equity EV market multiple analysis EBITDA multiple x - x 
 x Total investments 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Unobservable inputs were weighted by the relative fair value of the investments. 
 
 (2) Includes the Company s equity and subordinated loan investments in IHAM, as applicable. 
 
 Changes in market yields, discount rates or EBITDA multiples, each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. Generally, an increase in market yields or discount rates or decrease in EBITDA multiples may result in a decrease in the fair value of certain of the Company s investments. 
 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of the Company s investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of the Company s investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that the Company may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the 
 F-147 

Restricted cash Investments not measured at net asset value Investments measured at net asset value(1) Total investments Derivatives ) ) Unfunded revolving and delayed draw loan commitments(2) ) ) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 (2) The fair value of unfunded revolving and delayed draw loan commitments is included in accounts payable and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following table presents fair value measurements of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, investments, derivatives and unfunded revolving and delayed draw loan commitments as of December 31, 2021: 
 
 Fair Value Measurements Using Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Investments not measured at net asset value Investments measured at net asset value (1) Total investments Derivatives ) ) Unfunded revolving and delayed draw loan commitments(2) ) ) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the consolidated balance sheet. 

F-148 

Net realized gains Net unrealized losses ) Purchases Sales ) Repayments ) PIK interest and dividends Net accretion of discount on securities Net transfers in and/or out of Level 3 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Investments were transferred into and out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Transfers into and out of Level 3 were generally as a result of changes in the observability of significant inputs or available market data for certain portfolio companies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the net unrealized depreciation on the investments that use Level 3 inputs was . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total amount of gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to the Company s Level 3 assets still held as of December 31, 2022, and reported within the net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, foreign currency and other transactions in the Company s consolidated statement of operations was ). 

F-149 

Net realized gains Net unrealized gains Purchases Sales ) Repayments ) PIK interest and dividends Net accretion of discount on securities Net transfers in and/or out of Level 3 Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 
 Investments were transferred into and out of Level 3 during the year ended December 31, 2021. Transfers into and out of Level 3 were generally as a result of changes in the observability of significant inputs or available market data for certain portfolio companies. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the net unrealized appreciation on the investments that use Level 3 inputs was . 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total amount of gains (losses) for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains (losses) relating to the Company s Level 3 assets still held as of December 31, 2021, and reported within the net unrealized gains (losses) on investments, foreign currency and other transactions in the Company s consolidated statement of operations was . 

F-150 

Revolving Funding Facility SMBC Funding Facility BNP Funding Facility 2022 Convertible Notes (principal amount outstanding of and , respectively) 
 (2) 2024 Convertible Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) 2023 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) 2024 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) March 2025 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) July 2025 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) January 2026 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) July 2026 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) 2027 Notes (principal amount outstanding of and , respectively) 
 (2) (2) 2028 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) 2031 Notes (principal amount outstanding of 
 (2) (2) Total (3) (3) 
 ________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The Revolving Credit Facility, the Revolving Funding Facility, the SMBC Funding Facility and the BNP Funding Facility carrying values are the same as the principal amounts outstanding. 
 
 (2) Represents the aggregate principal amount outstanding, less unamortized debt issuance costs and the net unaccreted/amortized discount or premium recorded upon issuance. 
 
 (3) Total principal amount of debt outstanding totaled and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 (4) The fair value of these debt obligations would be categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820-10. 

(2) At the market offerings Total 
 
 F-151 

, and of the shares were sold to the underwriters for a price of per share, per share and per share, respectively, which the underwriters were then permitted to sell at variable prices to the public. See Note 15 for a subsequent event relating to the Company s public equity offerings. 
 
 At the Market Offerings 
 
 The Company is party to equity distribution agreements with several banks (the Equity Distribution Agreements ). The Equity Distribution Agreements provide that the Company may from time to time issue and sell, by means of at the market offerings, up to shares of its common stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreements, sales of common stock, if any, may be made in transactions that are deemed to be at the market offerings as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Under the Equity Distribution Agreements, common stock with an aggregate offering amount of remained available for issuance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Note 12 for information regarding shares of common stock issued or purchased in accordance with the Company s dividend reinvestment plan. 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 The Company is authorized under its stock repurchase program to purchase up to in the aggregate of its outstanding common stock in the open market at certain thresholds below its net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by the Company, in its sole discretion, based upon an evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. The stock repurchase program does not require the Company to repurchase any specific number of shares of common stock or any shares of common stock at all. Consequently, the Company cannot assure stockholders that any specific number of shares of common stock, if any, will be repurchased under the stock repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the expiration date of the stock repurchase program is February 15, 2023. The program may be suspended, extended, modified or discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, there was available for repurchases under the stock repurchase program. 

F-152 

Adjustment for interest expense on 2024 Convertible Notes(1) Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding basic Assumed conversion of 2024 Convertible Notes Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding diluted Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share basic Net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share diluted 
 ________________________________________ 

Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022, for the purpose of calculating diluted net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized the if-converted method which assumes full share settlement for the aggregate value of the 2024 Convertible Notes. Under the allowed modified retrospective method, diluted net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share for prior periods were not restated to reflect the impact of ASU 2020-06. Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, for the purpose of calculating diluted net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share, the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the year ended December 31, 2021 was more than the conversion price for the 2022 Convertible Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the average closing price of the Company s common stock was less than the conversion price for the 2024 Convertible Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the average closing price of the Company s common stock was less than the conversion price for all of the Convertible Unsecured Notes outstanding as of December 31, 2020. Therefore, the underlying shares for the intrinsic value of the embedded options in the Convertible Unsecured Notes outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 had no impact on the computation of diluted net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations per share. 

Capital gains Total(2) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ordinary income included dividend income of approximately , and per share, respectively, that qualified to be taxed at the maximum capital gains rate and, in the case of certain eligible corporate shareholders, dividends that were eligible for the dividends received deduction. 
 
 F-153 

, and , respectively. 
 
 Adjustments: Net unrealized losses (gains) on investments, foreign currency and other transactions ) Income not currently taxable(2) ) ) ) Income for tax but not book Expenses not currently deductible Expenses for tax but not book ) Realized gain/loss differences(3) ) ) Taxable income 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The calculation of estimated 2022 U.S. federal taxable income is based on certain estimated amounts, including information received from third parties and, as a result, actual 2022 U.S. federal taxable income will not be finally determined until the Company s 2022 U.S. federal tax return is filed in 2023 (and, therefore, such estimate is subject to change). 
 
 (2) Includes a reduction for dividend income from preferred equity that is not taxable until collected totaling , and , respectively, net of dividend income collected of , and , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Taxable income generally differs from net increase in stockholders equity resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. In addition, on April 1, 2010, the Company acquired Allied Capital in a tax-free merger under the Code, which has caused certain merger-related items to vary in their deductibility for GAAP and tax purposes. 
 
 Capital losses in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to certain limitations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimates that it will have a capital loss carryforward of approximately available for use in later tax years. While the Company s ability to utilize losses in the future depends on a variety of factors that cannot be known in advance, approximately of the capital loss carryforwards will be subject to limitations under Section 382 of the Code. The unused balance will be carried forward and utilized as gains are realized, subject to such limitations. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company estimated U.S. federal taxable income exceeded its distributions made from such taxable income during the year; consequently, the Company has elected to carry forward the excess for distribution to shareholders in 2023. The amount carried forward to 2023 is estimated to be approximately , substantially all of which is expected to be ordinary income, although these amounts will not be finalized until the 2022 tax returns are filed in 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had taxable income in excess of the distributions made from such taxable income during the year, and therefore, the Company elected to carry forward the excess for distribution 
 F-154 

and , respectively. To the extent that the Company determines that its estimated current year annual taxable income will exceed its estimated current year dividends from such taxable income, the Company accrues excise tax on estimated excess taxable income. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, a net expense of , and , respectively, was recorded for U.S. federal excise tax. The net expense for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 each included a reduction in expense related to an expected refund request arising from the overpayment of the prior year s excise tax of and , respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the estimated cost basis of investments for U.S. federal tax purposes was billion resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of billion and ) billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the estimated cost basis of investments for U.S. federal tax purposes was billion resulting in estimated gross unrealized gains and losses of billion and billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the cost of investments for U.S. federal tax purposes was less than the amortized cost of investments for book purposes of billion. As of December 31, 2021, the cost of investments for U.S federal tax purposes was greater than the amortized book cost of billion primarily as a result of tax versus book basis differences in connection with the Allied Acquisition. The Allied Acquisition qualified as a tax-free reorganization under the Code, which resulted in the assets acquired by the Company retaining Allied Capital s tax cost basis at the merger date. 
 
 The Company may adjust the classification of stockholders equity as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which may include merger-related items, differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal taxes (including excise taxes), among other items. These adjustments are reclassifications among the individual components of stockholders equity and have no effect on total stockholders equity. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company decreased capital in excess of par value by and increased accumulated undistributed/(overdistributed) earnings by in the consolidated statement of stockholders equity. After adjusting for these reclassifications, the capital in excess of par value, accumulated undistributed net investment income, accumulated net realized losses and accumulated net unrealized gains were , , ) and ), respectively. The adjustments made for the year ended December 31, 2022 are based on certain estimated amounts and assumptions and, as a result, such adjustments are subject to change until the Company s 2022 U.S. federal tax return is filed in 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company increased capital in excess of par value by and decreased accumulated undistributed/(overdistributed) earnings by in the consolidated statement of stockholders equity. After adjusting for these reclassifications, the capital in excess of par value, accumulated undistributed net investment income, accumulated net realized losses and accumulated net unrealized gains were , , ) and , respectively. 
 
 Certain of the Company s consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded a net tax expense of approximately , and , respectively, for these subsidiaries. 
 
 F-155 

February 9, 2022 December 15, 2022 December 29, 2022 (1) July 26, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 February 9, 2022 September 15, 2022 September 30, 2022 (1) April 26, 2022 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 February 9, 2022 June 15, 2022 June 30, 2022 (1) February 9, 2022 March 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 February 9, 2022 March 15, 2022 March 31, 2022 (1) Total dividends declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 October 26, 2021 December 15, 2021 December 30, 2021 July 28, 2021 September 15, 2021 September 30, 2021 April 28, 2021 June 15, 2021 June 30, 2021 February 10, 2021 March 15, 2021 March 31, 2021 Total dividends declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2021 
 October 27, 2020 December 15, 2020 December 30, 2020 August 4, 2020 September 15, 2020 September 30, 2020 May 5, 2020 June 15, 2020 June 30, 2020 February 12, 2020 March 16, 2020 March 31, 2020 Total dividends declared and payable for the year ended December 31, 2020 
 ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Represents an additional dividend. 
 
 The Company has a dividend reinvestment plan, whereby the Company may buy shares of its common stock in the open market or issue new shares in order to satisfy dividend reinvestment requests. When the Company issues new shares in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan, the issue price is equal to the closing price of its common stock on the dividend payment date. 
 
 Average issue price per share Shares purchased by plan agent to satisfy dividends declared and payable during the period for stockholders (1) (2) Average purchase price per share ___________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) Shares were purchased in July 2022 and October 2022. 
 
 (2) Shares were purchased in April 2020, July 2020, October 2020 and January 2021. 
 F-156 

, and , respectively. 
 
 The Company is party to office leases pursuant to which it is leasing office facilities from third parties. For certain of these office leases, the Company had previously entered into separate subleases with Ares Management LLC, the sole member of Ares Capital Management, whereby Ares Management LLC subleased the full amount of certain of the Company s office leases. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company assigned to Ares Management LLC all of its rights, title and 
 interest in the offices it subleased to Ares Management LLC and Ares Management LLC assumed all of the Company s obligations. 
 
 The Company has also entered into agreements with Ares Management LLC and IHAM, pursuant to which Ares Management LLC and IHAM are entitled to use the Company s proprietary portfolio management software. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, amounts payable to the Company under these agreements totaled , and , respectively. 
 
 In November 2022, the Company completed a public underwritten equity offering. In connection with this offering, Ares Capital Management LLC paid the underwriters approximately , or per share. This payment is not subject to reimbursement by the Company. See Note 9 for additional information on the Company s public offering during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 See Notes 3 and 4 for descriptions of other related party transactions. 

F-157 

Issuances of common stock Repurchases of common stock Net investment income for period(2) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for period(2) ) ) ) Net increase in stockholders equity Total distributions to stockholders(3) ) ) ) ) ) Net asset value at end of period(1) Per share market value at end of period Total return based on market value(4) ) ) Total return based on net asset value(5) Shares outstanding at end of period Ratio/Supplemental Data: Net assets at end of period Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets(6)(7) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets(6)(8) Portfolio turnover rate(6) 
 As of and For the Years Ended December 31, Per Share Data: 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Net asset value, beginning of period(1) Issuances of common stock ) Repurchases of common stock ) Deemed contribution from Ares Capital Management Issuances of convertible notes Net investment income for period(2) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) for period(2) ) ) Net increase in stockholders equity Total distributions to stockholders(3) ) ) ) ) ) Net asset value at end of period(1) Per share market value at end of period Total return based on market value(4) ) Total return based on net asset value(5) Shares outstanding at end of period Ratio/Supplemental Data: Net assets at end of period Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets(6)(7) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets(6)(8) Portfolio turnover rate(6) 
 _____________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (1) The net assets used equals the total stockholders equity on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 F-158 

per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, (b) per share for the year ended December 31, 2019, (c) per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, (d) per 
 share for the year ended December 31, 2014 and (e) per share for the year ended December 31, 2013. 
 
 (4) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2022 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2021 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, divided by the market value at December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total return based on market value equaled the increase of the ending market value at December 31, 2021 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2020 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, divided by the market value at December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2020 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2019 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, divided by the market value at December 31, 2019. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the total return based on market value equaled the increase of the ending market value at December 31, 2019 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2018 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2019, divided by the market value at December 31, 2018. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2018 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2017 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2018, divided by the market value at December 31, 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2017 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2016 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2017, divided by the market value at December 31, 2016. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the total return based on market value equaled the increase of the ending market value at December 31, 2016 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2015 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2016, divided by the market value at December 31, 2015. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2015 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2014 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, divided by the market value at December 31, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the total return based on market value equaled the decrease of the ending market value at December 31, 2014 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2013 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2014, divided by the market value at December 31, 2013. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the total return based on market value equaled the increase of the ending market value at December 31, 2013 of per share from the ending market value at December 31, 2012 of per share plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2013, divided by the market value at December 31, 2012. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2021, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2020, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2019, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2018, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2018, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2017, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2017, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. These calculations are adjusted for shares issued in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan, the issuance of common 
 F-159 

per share for the year ended December 31, 2016, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2015, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2015, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2014, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset 
 value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2014, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the total return based on net asset value equaled the change in net asset value during the period plus the declared and payable dividends of per share for the year ended December 31, 2013, divided by the beginning net asset value for the period. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 
 (6) The ratios reflect an annualized amount. 
 
 (7) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 the ratio of operating expenses to average net assets consisted of the following: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Base management fees Income based fees and capital gains incentive fees, net of the fee waiver Income based fees and capital gains incentive fees excluding the fee waiver Cost of borrowing Other operating expenses 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 Base management fees Income based fees and capital gains incentive fees, net of the fee waiver Income based fees and capital gains incentive fees excluding the fee waiver Cost of borrowing Other operating expenses 
 
 (8) The ratio of net investment income to average net assets excludes income taxes related to realized gains and losses. 

F-160 

to and (b) adjusted the interest rate charged on the BNP Funding Facility from an applicable LIBOR (subject to a floor of or a base rate plus a margin of (i) during the reinvestment period and (ii) following the reinvestment period to an applicable SOFR (subject to a floor of plus a credit spread adjustment of or a base rate plus a margin of (i) during the reinvestment period and (ii) following the reinvestment period. 
 
 In January 2023, the Company completed a public equity offering pursuant to which it sold approximately shares of common stock at a price of per share to the participating underwriters, with net proceeds totaling approximately , after giving effect to underwriting fees and estimated offering expenses. 
 
 In February 2023, the Company s board of directors authorized an amendment to the Company s existing stock repurchase program to extend the expiration date of the program from February 15, 2023 to February 15, 2024. Under the program, the Company may repurchase up to in the aggregate of its outstanding common stock in the open market at a price per share that meets certain thresholds below its net asset value per share, in accordance with the guidelines specified in Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. The timing, manner, price and amount of any share repurchases will be determined by the Company, in its discretion, based upon the evaluation of economic and market conditions, stock price, applicable legal and regulatory requirements and other factors. 

F-161 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ R. KIPP DEVEER R. Kipp deVeer 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 By: /s/ R. KIPP DEVEER R. Kipp deVeer Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ PENNI F. ROLL Penni F. Roll 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ SCOTT C. LEM Scott C. Lem 
 Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL J AROUGHETI Michael J Arougheti 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ ANN TORRE BATES Ann Torre Bates 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ MARY BETH HENSON Mary Beth Henson 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ DANIEL KELLY, JR. Daniel Kelly, Jr. 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 

By: /s/ STEVEN B. MCKEEVER Steven B. McKeever 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL PARKS Michael Parks 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ ROBERT L. ROSEN Robert L. Rosen 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ BENNETT ROSENTHAL Bennett Rosenthal 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ ERIC B. SIEGEL Eric B. Siegel 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 By: /s/ MICHAEL SMITH Michael Smith 
 Director 
 Date: February 7, 2023 

<EX-10.37>
 2
 arcc-bnpfacility3rdamendme.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 
 Exhibit 10.37 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 This THIRD AMENDMENT TO THE REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of August 17, 2022 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among ARCC FB FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, BNP PARIBAS, as the administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, as the equityholder (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, as the servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent are party to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Revolving Credit Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Revolving Credit Agreement, in accordance with Section 13.01(b) of the Revolving Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I. 
 Definitions 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 ARTICLE II. Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 SECTION 2.1. As of the Amendment Date, the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bold and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages attached as Appendix A hereto. 
 
 SECTION 2.2. As of the Amendment Date, Schedule 4 to the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing Schedule 4 in its entirety with the pages set attached as Appendix B hereto. 
 USActive 56353715.3 

ARTICLE III. 
 Omnibus Amendment to Transaction Documents 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association is the successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association by an assignment from U.S. Bank National Association of its rights, interests and obligations in its roles as Secured Party or Collateral Agent, as applicable, and all Facility Documents are hereby amended to delete all references to U.S. Bank National Association in its role as Collateral Agent, and insert U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association in lieu thereof. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 4.1. The Borrower and the Equityholder hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lender that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 of the Revolving Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date). 
 ARTICLE V. Conditions Precedent 
 SECTION 5.1. This Amendment will be effective upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder and the Servicer and 
 (b) all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on or prior to the Amendment Date have been paid. 
 ARTICLE VI. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 SECTION 6.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 USActive 56353715.3.doc 
 2 

SECTION 6.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Amendment remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 6.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Revolving Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof will remain in full force and effect. When effective, this Amendment will form a part of the Revolving Credit Agreement for all purposes. 
 SECTION 6.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission (including electronic signature pursuant to and in accordance with the Revolving Credit Agreement) is effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 SECTION 6.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 SECTION 6.6. Direction to Execute . The Administrative Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 USActive 56353715.3.doc 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 BORROWER 
 ARCC FB FUNDING LLC 
 By 
 s Scott Lem 
 Name 
 Scott Lem 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

EQUITYHOLDER 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Equityholder 
 By 
 s Scott Lem 
 Name 
 Scott Lem 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 

SERVICER 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Servicer 
 By 
 s Scott Lem 
 Name 
 Scott Lem 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT BNP PARIBAS, 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By 
 s Meredith Middleton 
 Name 
 Meredith Middleton Title 
 Director 

By 
 s Sohaib Naim 
 Name 
 Sohaib Naim Title 
 Director 

LENDER BNP PARIBAS, 
 as Lender 
 By 
 s Meredith Middleton 
 Name 
 Meredith Middleton Title 
 Director 

By 
 s Sohaib Naim 
 Name 
 Sohaib Naim Title 
 Director 
 Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

COLLATERAL AGENT 
 U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Collateral Agent 
 By 
 s Ralph J. Creasia, Jr. 
 Name 
 Ralph J. Creasia, Jr. 
 Title 
 Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

APPENDIX A 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Second Third Amendment, dated June 29 August 17, 2021 2022 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 Among 
 
 ARCC FB FUNDING LLC, 
 as the Borrower 
 
 THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 
 
 BNP PARIBAS, 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Equityholder, 
 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Servicer, 
 
 and 
 
 US BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Collateral Agent 
 
 Dated as of June 11, 2020 

and 
 
 THIS AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR AN UNCOMMITTED FACILITY. ALL ADVANCES ARE DISCRETIONARY ON THE PART OF THE LENDERS IN THEIR SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. 

US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 

ARTICLE XIII. MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing 
 134 SECTION 13.02 Notices, Etc 
 135 SECTION 13.03 Taxes 
 136 SECTION 13.04 Costs and Expenses Indemnification 
 140 SECTION 13.05 Execution in Counterparts 
 141 SECTION 13.06 Assignability 
 141 SECTION 13.07 Governing Law 
 144 SECTION 13.08 Severability of Provisions 
 144 SECTION 13.09 Confidentiality 
 144 SECTION 13.10 Merger 
 145 SECTION 13.11 Survival 
 145 SECTION 13.12 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. 
 145 SECTION 13.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 146 SECTION 13.14 Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata 
 146 SECTION 13.15 PATRIOT Act Notice 
 147 SECTION 13.16 Legal Holidays 
 147 SECTION 13.17 Non-Petition 
 147 SECTION 13.18 Waiver of Setoff 
 148 SECTION 13.19 Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery 
 148 SECTION 13.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 148 SECTION 13.21 WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY 
 149 SECTION 13.22 Securitisation Regulation Requirements 
 149 SECTION 13.23 Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders 
 151 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 
 SCHEDULE I Initial Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts and Percentages SCHEDULE 2 Reserved SCHEDULE 3 Initial Collateral Loans SCHEDULE 4 Moody s Industry Classifications 
 SCHEDULE 5 Notice Information SCHEDULE 6 Authorized Signatories SCHEDULE 7 Diversity Score SCHEDULE 8 Reserved SCHEDULE 9 Initial Asset List 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT A Form of Note 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 iv 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, dated as of June 11, 2020, among ARCC FB FUNDING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, BNP PARIBAS BNP ), as administrative agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION , a Maryland corporation, as equityholder (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION , a Maryland corporation, as servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION U.S. Bank , as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association , as collateral agent for the Secured Parties (as hereinafter defined) (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower desires that the Lenders make advances on a revolving basis to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and 
 
 WHEREAS, each Lender is willing to make such advances to the Borrower on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 
 Section 1.01 Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated 
 
 Account Control Agreement means that certain Account Control Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Borrower, the Servicer, the Collateral Agent and U.S. Bank National Association , as Securities Intermediary, which agreement relates to the Covered Accounts. 
 
 Adjusted Principal Balance means, for any Eligible Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Loan Value of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date multiplied by the Principal Balance of such Eligible Collateral Loan as of such date provided that, the parties hereby agree that the Adjusted Principal Balance of any Ineligible Collateral Loan as of such date of determination shall be zero. 
 
 Administrative Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 

purchase of Collateral Loans) and (b) after the date that is the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Aggregate Adjusted Collateral Balance. 
 
 Concentration Limitations means, as of any date of determination, the following limitations (calculated without duplication) as applied to the Eligible Collateral Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase of an Eligible Collateral Loan, proposed to be owned, with respect to which, if such purchase results in noncompliance with the limitations, the relevant requirements must be maintained or improved after giving effect to the purchase) by the Borrower, unless a waiver is provided in writing by the Administrative Agent specifying the agreed treatment of such Collateral Loan or Concentration Limitation 
 
 (a). not more than 15.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of First Lien Last Out Loans or Second Lien Loans 
 
 (b). not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Second Lien Loans 
 
 (c). (i) not more than 20.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Class 1 Loans and Class 2 Loans that are Cov-Lite Loans and (ii) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Class 2 Loans that are Cov-Lite Loans 
 
 (d). not less than 80.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans denominated in Dollars 
 
 (e). not less than 80.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans the Obligors of which have their headquarters in, a principal place of business in or are organized, formed or incorporated in the United States 
 
 (f). not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Revolving Collateral Loans or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Loans 
 
 (g). not more than 5.00 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued by any Obligor and its Affiliates, except that Collateral Loans that are issued by the two largest Obligors and their respective Affiliates may consist of up to 10.00 and 7.50 of the Maximum Portfolio Amount, respectively 
 
 (h). not more than 7.50 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Collateral Loans that are issued by Obligors and their Affiliates that belong to any single Moody s Industry Classification, except that (i) up to 25.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the largest Moody s Industry Classification, (ii) up to 20.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the second largest Moody s Industry Classification and , (iii) up to 15.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in the third largest Moody s Industry Classification and (iv) up to 10.00 may consist of Collateral Loans with Obligors and their Affiliates in each of the fourth and fifth largest Industry Classifications 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 12 

(i). not more than 5.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Fixed Rate Loans 
 
 (j). not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Partial PIK Loans and 
 
 (k). not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Recurring Revenue Loans. 
 
 Constituent Documents means, in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or made in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Contribution Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(a). 
 Control means the direct or indirect possession of the power to vote 50 or 
 more of the voting securities of such Person or the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership, by contract, arrangement or understanding, or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling have the meaning correlative thereto. 
 
 Cov-Lite Loan means a loan that does not (I) contain any financial covenants or (II) require the related Obligor of such loan to comply with any maintenance covenant provided that a loan described in clause (I) or (II) above that either (i) contains a cross-default provision to, or (ii) is pari passu with, another loan of the Obligor that requires the Obligor to comply with a maintenance covenant will be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, a loan that is capable of being described in clause (I) or (II) above only (x) until the expiration of a period of twelve months or less after the initial issuance thereof or (y) for so long as there is no funded balance in respect thereof, in each case as set forth in the applicable Related Documents, will be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan. 
 
 Covered Account means each of the Collection Accounts (including the Interest Collection Subaccount, the Principal Collection Subaccount, the CAD Collection Account, the EUR Collection Account and the GBP Collection Account), the Payment Account, the Collateral Account, the Revolving Reserve Account and any other account established by the Borrower at the Securities Intermediary with the consent of the Administrative Agent and subject to the Lien of the Collateral Agent and subject to an agreement establishing control (as used in the UCC) over such account in favor of the Collateral Agent pursuant to the terms of the Facility Documents. 
 
 Custodian means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as custodian under the Custodian Agreement, and any successor thereto under the Custodian Agreement. 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 13 

her service as an Independent Director or officer of the Borrower or any other Affiliates that are structured to be bankruptcy remote (iii) a Person controlling or under common control with any partner, shareholder, member, manager, Affiliate or supplier of the Borrower or any Affiliate of the Borrower or (iv) any member of the immediate family of a person described in clauses (i), 
 (ii) or (iii) and (B) has (i) prior experience as an independent director for a Person whose charter documents required the consent of the independent director thereof before such Person could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy and (ii) at least three years of employment experience with one or more entities that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities. 
 
 Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount means, as to each Lender on any date of determination, the maximum amount of Advances to the Borrower that may be lent by such Lender pursuant to Section 2.01 in an aggregate principal amount at any one time outstanding for such Lender up to but not exceeding the amount applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1 or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount, as applicable, as such amount may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 
 2.07 or increased or reduced from time to time pursuant to assignments effected in accordance with Section 13.06(a). 
 
 Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in Schedule 4 hereto, including, at the Servicer s request, any modifications that may be made thereto or additional categories that may be subsequently established by reference to the Global Industry Classification Standard codes . The determination of which Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 
 Ineligible Collateral Loan means, at any time, a Collateral Loan or any portion thereof, that fails to satisfy any criteria of the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan as of the date when such criteria are applicable (other than any criteria that has been waived pursuant to the definition thereof) it being understood that such criteria in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan that is specified to be applicable only as of the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan shall not be applicable after the date of acquisition of such Collateral Loan. 
 
 Initial AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 
 8.09(a). 
 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to a specified Person, (a) the filing of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in respect of such Person or any substantial part of its property in an involuntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official for such Person or for any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of such Person s affairs, and such decree or order shall remain unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days or (b) the commencement by such Person of a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code or any other applicable insolvency law now or hereafter in effect, or the consent by such Person to the 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 29 

Minimum OC Coverage Test means, as of any date, a test that is satisfied if the OC Ratio as of such date is equal to or greater than 1.00 1.00. 
 Money has the meaning specified in Section 1-201(24) of the UCC. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors. Moody s Industry Classification means the industry classifications set forth in 
 Schedule 4 hereto, as such industry classifications shall be updated at the option of the Servicer if Moody s publishes revised industry classifications . The determination of which Moody s Industry Classification to which an Obligor belongs shall be made in good faith by the Servicer. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 
 Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any period, the meaning of Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) indebtedness of the related Obligor under such Collateral Loan and all other indebtedness of such Obligor that is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral Loan minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) TTM Recurring Revenue, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for any Collateral Loan, the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for such Collateral Loan shall be a ratio calculated by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer or, if agreed to by the Administrative Agent, by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 
 Non-Approval Event means an event that (x) will be deemed to have occurred if the ratio (measured on a rolling three-month basis) of (i) the number or Dollar amount of Approval Requests for loans that satisfy the requirements of an Eligible Collateral Loan rejected by the Administrative Agent over (ii) the total number or aggregate Dollar amount of Approval Requests is greater than 70 and (y) will be continuing until the conditions set forth in clause 
 (x) of this definition are no longer true provided that, until ten (10) loans have been submitted for approval to the Administrative Agent by the Servicer, the ratio of clause (x)(i) over clause (x)(ii) shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 Note means each promissory note, if any, issued by the Borrower to a Lender in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a). 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 38 

Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian, each Lender and the Securities Intermediary. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect. 
 
 Securities Intermediary means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement and any other entity as defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 
 
 Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017 2402. 
 
 Security Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC. 
 
 Senior Net Leverage Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any 
 Relevant Test Period, the meaning of Senior Net Leverage Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Senior Net Leverage Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of 
 (a) total indebtedness of the Obligor (other than indebtedness of such Obligor that is junior in terms of lien subordination to indebtedness of such Obligor held by the Borrower) minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) EBITDA as calculated by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 
 Servicer means Ares Capital Corporation, in its capacity as servicer hereunder and any successor thereto in accordance herewith. 
 
 Servicer Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 
 75,000 during any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 Servicer Expenses means the out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Servicer in connection with the Facility Documents. 
 
 Servicer Fee means, for any Collection Period, an amount equal to the product of (i) 0.50 per annum multiplied by (ii) the Fee Basis Amount (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed in the related Collection Period). 
 
 Servicer Removal Event means any one of the following events 
 
 (a). except as set forth in another clause of this definition, the Servicer breaches in any material respect any covenant or agreement applicable to it under this Agreement or any other Facility Document to which it is a party (it being understood that failure to meet the Minimum OC Coverage Test, any Concentration Limitation or the Collateral Quality Test is not a breach under this clause (a)), and, if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the earlier of (i) a Responsible Officer of the Servicer acquiring actual knowledge of such breach or (ii) the Servicer receiving written notice from either Agent of such breach 
 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 50 

Documents. If no successor Collateral Agent shall have been appointed and an instrument of acceptance by a successor Collateral Agent shall not have been delivered to the Collateral Agent within sixty days after giving of notice of resignation by the Collateral Agent, the resigning Collateral Agent may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Collateral Agent. 
 
 (b). Any Person (i) into which the Collateral Agent may be merged or consolidated, (ii) that may result from any merger or consolidation to which the Collateral Agent shall be a party, or (iii) that may succeed to all or substantially all of the corporate trust properties and assets business of the Collateral Agent substantially as a whole, shall be the successor to the Collateral Agent under this Agreement without further act of any of the parties to this Agreement. 
 
 Section 12.06 The Collateral Agent . (a) The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for losses arising from (i) any cause beyond its control, (ii) any delay, error, omission or default of any mail, telegraph, cable or wireless agency or operator, or (iii) the acts or edicts of any government or governmental agency or other group or entity exercising governmental powers. 
 
 (b). It is expressly acknowledged and agreed that the Collateral Agent is not guaranteeing the performance of or assuming any liability for the obligations of the other parties hereto or any portion of the Collateral. 
 
 (c). The Collateral Agent shall not be responsible for the preparation or filing of any UCC financing statements or continuation statements or the correctness of any financing statements filed in connection with this Agreement or the validity or perfection of any lien or security interest created pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 (d). The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for interest on any money received by it except as the Collateral Agent may agree in writing with the Borrower. In no event shall the Collateral Agent be liable for the selection of any investments or any losses in connection therewith (except in its capacity as obligor thereunder, if applicable), or for any failure of the relevant party to provide investment instruction to the Collateral Agent in connection with the investment of funds in or from any account set forth herein. 
 
 (e). The Collateral Agent shall have no liability for any failure, inability or unwillingness on the part of the Servicer, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to provide accurate and complete information on a timely basis to the Collateral Agent, or otherwise on the part of any such party to comply with the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability for any inaccuracy or error in the performance or observance on the Collateral Agent s part of any of its duties hereunder that is caused by or results from any such inaccurate, incomplete or untimely information received by it, or other failure on the part of any such other party to comply with the terms hereof. 
 
 (f). The Collateral Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any certificate, report or other document or electronic communication provided , however , that, if the form thereof is prescribed by this Agreement, the Collateral 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 140 

Agent shall examine the same to determine whether it conforms on its face to the requirements hereof. The Collateral Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of any matter unless actually known to a Responsible Officer. It is expressly acknowledged by the Borrower, the Servicer, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent that performance by the Collateral Agent of its various duties hereunder (including recalculations to be performed in respect of the matters contemplated hereby) shall be based upon, and in reliance upon, data, information and notices provided to it by the Servicer (and or the Borrower) and or any related bank agent, obligor or similar party with respect to the Collateral, and the Collateral Agent shall have no responsibility for the accuracy of any such information or data provided to it by such persons and shall be entitled to update its records (as it may deem necessary or appropriate). Nothing herein shall impose or imply any duty or obligation on the part of the Collateral Agent to verify, investigate or audit any such information or data, or to determine or monitor on an independent basis whether any issuer of the Collateral is in default or in compliance with the underlying documents governing or securing such item of Collateral, from time to time. 
 
 (g). The Collateral Agent shall have no duty to determine or inquire into the happening or occurrence of any event or contingency, and it is agreed that its duties hereunder are purely ministerial in nature. 
 
 (h). Should any controversy arise between the undersigned with respect to the Collateral held by the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Agent shall follow the instructions of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties provided that to the extent practicable, the Collateral Agent shall provide written notice of such controversy to the Servicer). 
 
 (i). The powers conferred on the Collateral Agent hereunder are solely to protect its interest (on behalf of the Secured Parties) in the Collateral and shall not impose any duty on it to exercise any such powers. Except for performing the obligations expressly imposed on the Collateral Agent hereunder, the Collateral Agent shall have no duty as to any Collateral or responsibility for ascertaining or taking action with respect to calls, conversions, exchanges, maturities, tenders or other matters relative to any Collateral, whether or not the Collateral Agent has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters or taking any steps to preserve rights against prior parties or other rights pertaining to any Collateral. 
 
 (j). In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Collateral Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties hereto agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent to comply with such requirements. 
 
 (k). If U.S. Bank , U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent is also acting in another capacity, including as Custodian or Securities Intermediary, the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to U.S. Bank , U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Article XII shall also be afforded to U.S. Bank , U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent acting in such capacities provided that such 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 141 

rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities provided in the Custodian Agreement, Account Control Agreement or any other Facility Documents to which 
 U.S. Bank , U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent in such capacity is a party. 
 
 (l). The Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to determine if a Collateral Loan meets the criteria specified in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan or if the requirements set forth in the definition of Deliver have been satisfied. 
 
 (m). The Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of LIBOR (or any other applicable index, floating rate, interest rate or Benchmark Replacement), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark Unavailability Period or Early Opt-In Election, (ii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement or other alternate benchmark rate, or other successor or replacement rate, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or other modifier to any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement or successor rate or index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 
 (n). The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of LIBOR (or any Benchmark Replacement or other applicable index, floating rate or other Interest Rate) and absence of any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement index or floating rate, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the Servicer, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or contemplated by the terms of this Agreement and reasonably required for the performance of such duties. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing . (a) No failure or delay on 
 the part of any Secured Party exercising any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Facility Document, and any consent to any departure by any party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document from the terms of any provision of this Agreement or such other Facility Document, shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No notice to or demand on the Borrower or the Servicer in any case shall entitle the Borrower or the Servicer to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances. 

US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 142 

Each of U.S. Bank and U.S. Bank National Association in each of its their respective capacities under the Facility Documents agrees to accept and act upon instructions or directions pursuant to this Agreement, any other Facility Document, or any Related Document or any document executed in connection herewith or therewith sent by unsecured email, facsimile transmission or other similar unsecured electronic methods provided , however , that any person providing such instructions or directions shall provide to U.S. Bank or U.S. Bank National Association an incumbency certificate listing persons designated to provide such instructions or directions as such incumbency certificate may be supplemented from time to time. If any person elects to give U.S. Bank or U.S. Bank National Association email or facsimile instructions (or instructions by a similar electronic method) and U.S. Bank or U.S. Bank National Association, as applicable in its discretion elects to act upon such instructions, U.S. Bank s or U.S. Bank National Association s reasonable understanding of such instructions shall be deemed controlling. U.S. Bank and U.S. Bank National Association shall not be liable for any losses, costs or expenses arising directly or indirectly from U.S. Bank s or U.S. Bank National Association s reliance upon and compliance with such instructions notwithstanding such instructions conflicting with or being inconsistent with a subsequent written instruction. Any person providing such instructions or directions acknowledges and agrees that there may be more secure methods of transmitting such instructions than the method(s) selected by it and agrees that the security procedures (if any) to be followed in connection with its transmission of such instructions provide to it a commercially reasonable degree of protection in light of its particular needs and circumstances. 
 
 In addition to all other instruction methods permitted under this Agreement, the Borrower hereby directs U.S. Bank in each of its capacities under the Facility Documents to accept instructions sent pursuant to secure financial messaging services provided by SWIFT, which shall constitute instructions from the Borrower (or the Servicer on behalf of the Borrower) for all purposes hereunder. The Borrower instructs U.S. Bank to accept and process SWIFT transmissions initiated by the Borrower or the Servicer on its behalf to the same extent that written wire transfer instructions are accepted and processed by U.S. Bank. U.S. Bank in each of its capacities under the Facility Documents may conclusively rely on SWIFT transmissions to release payments as instructed, subject to any verification of information as requested by U.S. Bank in such capacity, including the call back process to an individual designated by the Borrower or the Servicer as authorized to provide such verification. U.S. Bank may also request, and the Borrower or the Servicer will provide, an additional signed direction (whether by manual, facsimile, PDF or other electronic signature) in order for U.S. Bank to make such payment in connection with any SWIFT transmission. For purposes of compliance with any incumbency certificate of the Borrower or the Servicer, all instructions received by U.S. Bank through the methodology described herein shall be deemed in compliance with the procedures outlined therein (to the extent applicable). 
 
 Section 13.03 Taxes . (a) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Facility Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any and all Taxes with respect thereto, unless required by Applicable Law. If any Applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the Borrower or Administrative Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, then the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to make 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 
 144 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 as Collateral Agent 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 
 USActive 55479929.4 

APPENDIX B 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 
 Asset Type Code Asset Type Description 1020000 Energy Equipment & Services 1030000 Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels 1033403 Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 2020000 Chemicals 2030000 Construction Materials 2040000 Containers & Packaging 2050000 Metals & Mining 2060000 Paper & Forest Products 3020000 Aerospace & Defense 3030000 Building Products 3040000 Construction & Engineering 3050000 Electrical Equipment 3060000 Industrial Conglomerates 3070000 Machinery 3080000 Trading Companies & Distributors 3110000 Commercial Services & Supplises 3210000 Air Freight & Logistics 3220000 Airlines 3230000 Marine 3240000 Road & Rail 3250000 Transportation Infrastructure 4011000 Auto Components 4020000 Automobiles 4110000 Household Durables 4120000 Leisure Products 4130000 Textiles, Apparel & Luxury Goods 4210000 Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure 4310000 Media 4310001 Entertainment 4310002 Interactive Media and Services 4410000 Distributors 4420000 Internet and Direct Marketing Retail 4430000 Multiline Retail 4440000 Specialty Retail 5020000 Food & Staples Retailing 5110000 Beverages 
 Sch. 4-1 

5130000 Tobacco 5210000 Household Products 5220000 Personal Products 6020000 Healthcare Equipment & Supplies 6030000 Healthcare Providers & Services 6110000 Biotechnology 6120000 Pharmaceuticals 7011000 Banks 7020000 Thrifts & Mortgage Finance 7110000 Diversified Financial Services 7120000 Consumer Finance 7130000 Capital Markets 7210000 Insurance 7310000 Real Estate Management & Development 7311000 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 8030000 IT Services 8040000 Software 8110000 Communications Equipment 8120000 Technology Hardware, Storage & Peripherals 8130000 Electronic Equipment, Instruments & Components 8210000 Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment 9020000 Diversified Telecommunication Services 9030000 Wireless Telecommunication Services 9520000 Electric Utilities 9530000 Gas Utilities 9540000 Multi-Utilities 9550000 Water Utilities 9551701 Diversified Consumer Services 9551702 Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers 9551727 Life Sciences Tools & Services 9551729 Healthcare Technology 9612010 Professional Services 
 Sch. 4-2 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 3
 ares-bnppxfourthamendmentt.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 

Exhibit 10.38 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 This FOURTH AMENDMENT TO THE REVOLVING CREDIT AND 
 SECURITY AGREEMENT (this Amendment ), dated as of January 9, 2023 (the Amendment Date ), is entered into by and among ARCC FB FUNDING LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the borrower (the Borrower ), the LENDERS party to the Revolving Credit Agreement, BNP PARIBAS, as the administrative agent (the Administrative Agent ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, as the equityholder (in such capacity, the Equityholder ), ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, a Maryland corporation, as the servicer (in such capacity, the Servicer ), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder, the Servicer and the Collateral Agent are party to the Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of June 11, 2020 (as amended from time to time prior to the date hereof, the Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, the Relevant Recipients (as defined in Appendix A hereto) have received from the Borrower the transaction summary as set out in Schedule 10 in Appendix A hereto in accordance with Article 7(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire to amend the Revolving Credit Agreement, in accordance with Section 13.01(b) of the Revolving Credit Agreement subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Definitions 
 
 SECTION 1.1. Defined Terms . Terms used but not defined herein have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Revolving Credit Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 
 Amendments to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 
 SECTION 2.1. As of the Amendment Date, the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the bold and double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example bold and double-underlined text as set forth on the pages attached as Appendix A hereto. 

SECTION 2.2. As of the Amendment Date, Schedule 1 to the Revolving Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing Schedule 1 in its entirety with the pages set attached as Appendix B hereto. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 Representations and Warranties 
 
 SECTION 3.1. The Borrower and the Equityholder hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and the Lender that, as of the Amendment Date, (i) no Default, Event of Default, Potential Servicer Removal Event or Servicer Removal Event has occurred and is continuing or shall occur on the Amendment Date after giving effect to this Amendment and the transaction contemplated hereby and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Servicer and the Equityholder contained in Sections 4.01, 4.02 and 4.03 of the Revolving Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Amendment Date (other than any representation and warranty that is made as of a specific date) provided that, to the extent that any such representation and warranty is otherwise qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 Conditions Precedent 
 
 SECTION 4.1. This Amendment will be effective upon the satisfaction of each of the following conditions 
 
 (a) the execution and delivery of this Amendment by the Borrower, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Equityholder and the Servicer 
 
 (b) all fees due and owing to the Administrative Agent and each Lender on or prior to the Amendment Date have been paid and 
 
 (c) the Administrative Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP, counsel to the Borrower, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 SECTION 5.1. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER FACILITY DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE 
 
 2 

TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 
 SECTION 5.2. Severability Clause . In case any provision in this Amendment is deemed to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality, and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 
 SECTION 5.3. Ratification . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Revolving Credit Agreement is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof will remain in full force and effect. All obligations under the Revolving Credit Agreement (as such obligations may be modified by this Amendment on the Amendment Date) shall continue to be valid, enforceable, and in full force and effect and shall not be impaired, in any respect, by the effectiveness of this Amendment. This Amendment shall form a part of the Revolving Credit Agreement for all purposes and reference to this specific Amendment need not be made in the Revolving Credit Agreement or any other instrument or document executed in connection therewith, or in any certificate, letter or communication issued or made pursuant to or with respect to the Revolving Credit Agreement, any reference in any of such items to the Revolving Credit Agreement being sufficient to refer to the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended hereby. On and after the effectiveness of this Amendment, this Amendment shall for all purposes constitute a Facility Document and each reference in the Revolving Credit Agreement to herein , hereunder or words of like import referring to the Revolving Credit Agreement and each reference in any other Facility Document to Revolving Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like import referring to the Revolving Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Revolving Credit Agreement as amended hereby. The execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment shall not constitute a waiver of any provision of or operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy under the Revolving Credit Agreement or any of the other Facility Documents. This Amendment shall not constitute a novation of the obligations and liabilities of the parties under the Revolving Credit Agreement or the other Facility Documents as in effect on or prior to the Amendment Date. 
 
 SECTION 5.4. Counterparts . The parties hereto may sign one or more copies of this Amendment in counterparts, all of which together constitute one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed signature page of this Amendment by facsimile or email transmission (including electronic signature pursuant to and in accordance with the Revolving Credit Agreement) is effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. This Amendment shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of such party by means of (i) an original manual signature (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the UCC (collectively, Signature Law ), in each case to the extent applicable provided that no electronic signatures may be affixed through the use of a third-party service provider. Each faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively 
 
 3 

rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, original manual signatures shall be used for execution or indorsement of writings when required under the UCC or other Signature Law due to the character or intended character of the writings. 
 
 SECTION 5.5. Headings . The headings of the Articles and Sections in this Amendment are for convenience of reference only and are not deemed to alter or affect the meaning or interpretation of any provisions hereof. 
 
 SECTION 5.6. Direction to Execute . The Administrative Agent hereby authorizes and directs the Collateral Agent to execute this Amendment. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed as of the Amendment Date. 
 
 BORROWER 
 ARCC FB FUNDING LLC 
 By 
 s Ian Fitzgerald 
 Name 
 Ian Fitzgerald 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

EQUITYHOLDER ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION , 
 as the Equityholder By 
 s Ian Fitzgerald 
 Name 
 Ian Fitzgerald 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION , 
 as the Servicer By 
 s Ian Fitzgerald 
 Name 
 Ian Fitzgerald 
 Title 
 Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Administrative Agent By 
 s Sohaib Naim 
 Name 
 Sohaib Naim Title 
 Director 
 By 
 s Meredith Middleton 
 Name 
 Meredith Middleton Title 
 Director 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

LENDER 
 BNP PARIBAS, as Lender By 
 s Sohaib Naim 
 Name 
 Sohaib Naim Title 
 Director 
 By 
 s Meredith Middleton 
 Name 
 Meredith Middleton Title 
 Director 
 
 Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY 
 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Collateral Agent 
 By 
 s Daniel Scully 
 Name 
 Daniel Scully Title 
 Vice President 

Signature Page to Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement 

APPENDIX A 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 

EXECUTION VERSION 
 Conformed through Third Fourth Amendment, dated August 17 January 9 , 2022 2023 

REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 
 
 among 
 
 ARCC FB FUNDING LLC, 
 as Borrower, 

THE LENDERS FROM TIME TO TIME PARTIES HERETO, 
 BNP PARIBAS, 
 as Administrative Agent, 
 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Equityholder, 
 
 ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION, 
 as Servicer, 

and 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Collateral Agent 

Dated as of June 11, 2020 

THIS AGREEMENT PROVIDES FOR AN UNCOMMITTED FACILITY. ALL ADVANCES ARE DISCRETIONARY ON THE PART OF THE LENDERS IN THEIR SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. 

USActive 55479929.4 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS RULES OF CONSTRUCTION COMPUTATIONS 
 
 SECTION 1.01 Definitions 1 SECTION 1.02 Rules of Construction 53 55 
 SECTION 1.03 Computation of Time Periods 54 56 
 SECTION 1.04 Collateral Value Calculation Procedures 54 56 

ARTICLE II 
 
 ADVANCES 
 
 SECTION 2.01 Revolving Credit Facility 56 58 
 SECTION 2.02 Requests for Collateral Loan Approval 57 58 
 SECTION 2.03 Making of the Advances 
 58 60 
 SECTION 2.04 Evidence of Indebtedness 
 59 61 
 SECTION 2.05 Payment of Principal and Interest 
 60 61 
 SECTION 2.06 Prepayment of Advances 
 61 62 
 SECTION 2.07 Changes of Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts 
 61 63 
 SECTION 2.08 Maximum Lawful Rate 
 62 63 
 SECTION 2.09 Several Obligations 62 64 
 SECTION 2.10 Increased Costs 
 62 64 
 SECTION 2.11 Compensation Breakage Amounts 
 64 65 
 SECTION 2.12 Inability to Determine Rates 
 64 66 
 SECTION 2.13 Rescission or Return of Payments 
 64 66 
 SECTION 2.14 Post-Default Interest 
 65 66 
 SECTION 2.15 Payments Generally 
 65 67 
 SECTION 2.16 Extension of Facility Termination Date 
 66 68 
 SECTION 2.17 Defaulting Lenders 
 66 68 
 SECTION 2.18 LIBOR Discontinuation Benchmark Replacement Setting 
 67 69 

ARTICLE III 
 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 SECTION 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance 
 71 73 
 SECTION 3.02 Conditions Precedent to Each Advance 
 73 75 

-i- 
 USActive 55479929.4 -i- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

ARTICLE IV 
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 SECTION 4.01 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 
 74 76 
 SECTION 4.02 Representations and Warranties of the Servicer 
 78 80 
 SECTION 4.03 Representations and Warranties of the Equityholder 
 81 83 

ARTICLE V 
 COVENANTS 
 
 SECTION 5.01 Affirmative Covenants of the Borrower 
 83 85 
 SECTION 5.02 Covenants of the Servicer 
 88 90 
 SECTION 5.03 Negative Covenants of the Borrower 
 90 93 
 SECTION 5.04 Covenants of the Equityholder 
 93 95 
 SECTION 5.05 Certain Undertakings Relating to Separateness 
 94 96 

ARTICLE VI 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULTS 
 
 SECTION 6.01 Events of Default 
 94 97 
 SECTION 6.02 OC Ratio Breach Cures 
 97 100 

ARTICLE VII 
 PLEDGE OF COLLATERAL RIGHTS OF THE COLLATERAL AGENT 
 
 SECTION 7.01 Grant of Security 
 98 100 
 SECTION 7.02 Release of Security Interest 
 99 101 
 SECTION 7.03 Rights and Remedies 
 99 102 
 SECTION 7.04 Remedies Cumulative 
 102 105 
 SECTION 7.05 Related Documents 
 102 105 
 SECTION 7.06 Borrower Remains Liable 
 103 105 
 SECTION 7.07 Protection of Collateral 
 103 105 

ARTICLE VIII 
 ACCOUNTS, ACCOUNTINGS AND RELEASES 
 
 SECTION 8.01 Collection of Money 
 104 106 
 SECTION 8.02 Collateral Account and Collection Account 
 104 107 
 SECTION 8.03 Payment Account 
 105 108 

-ii- 
 USActive 55479929.4 -ii- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

SECTION 8.04 The Revolving Reserve Account Fundings 
 106 108 
 SECTION 8.05 Reserved 
 107 109 
 SECTION 8.06 Reinvestment of Funds in Covered Accounts Reports by Collateral Agent 
 107 109 
 SECTION 8.07 Accountings 
 107 110 
 SECTION 8.08 Release of Collateral 
 109 111 
 SECTION 8.09 Reports by Independent Accountants 
 110 112 

ARTICLE IX 
 APPLICATION OF MONIES 
 
 SECTION 9.01 Disbursements of Monies from Payment Account 
 111 113 

ARTICLE X 
 SALE OF COLLATERAL LOANS 
 PURCHASE OF ADDITIONAL COLLATERAL LOANS 
 
 SECTION 10.01 Sales of Collateral Loans 
 115 117 
 SECTION 10.02 Purchase of Additional Collateral Loans 
 119 122 
 SECTION 10.03 Conditions Applicable to All Sale and Purchase Transactions 
 120 122 
 SECTION 10.04 Additional Equity Contributions 
 121 123 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICING OF CONTRACTS 
 
 SECTION 11.01 Appointment and Designation of the Servicer 
 121 123 
 SECTION 11.02 Duties of the Servicer 
 123 125 
 SECTION 11.03 Authorization of the Servicer 
 125 127 
 SECTION 11.04 Collection Efforts, Modification of Collateral 
 126 128 
 SECTION 11.05 Servicer Compensation and Expenses 
 126 128 
 SECTION 11.06 The Servicer Not to Resign 
 126 128 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 THE AGENTS 
 
 SECTION 12.01 Authorization and Action 
 126 129 
 SECTION 12.02 Delegation of Duties 
 128 130 
 SECTION 12.03 Agents' Reliance, Etc. 
 128 130 
 SECTION 12.04 Indemnification 
 130 133 
 SECTION 12.05 Successor Agents 
 131 133 
 SECTION 12.06 The Collateral Agent 
 131 134 

-iii- 
 USActive 55479929.4 -iii- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

ARTICLE XI 
 THE AGENTS 
 
 SECTION 13.01 No Waiver Modifications in Writing 
 134 136 
 SECTION 13.02 Notices, Etc 
 135 137 
 SECTION 13.03 Taxes 
 136 138 
 SECTION 13.04 Costs and Expenses Indemnification 
 140 142 
 SECTION 13.05 Execution in Counterparts 
 141 144 
 SECTION 13.06 Assignability 
 141 144 
 SECTION 13.07 Governing Law 
 144 146 
 SECTION 13.08 Severability of Provisions 
 144 146 
 SECTION 13.09 Confidentiality 
 144 146 
 SECTION 13.10 Merger 
 145 147 
 SECTION 13.11 Survival 
 145 147 
 SECTION 13.12 Submission to Jurisdiction Waivers Etc. 
 145 147 
 SECTION 13.13 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 146 149 
 SECTION 13.14 Right of Setoff Payments Pro Rata 
 146 149 
 SECTION 13.15 PATRIOT Act Notice 
 146 149 
 SECTION 13.16 Legal Holidays 
 147 150 
 SECTION 13.17 Non-Petition 
 147 150 
 SECTION 13.18 Waiver of Setoff 
 148 150 
 SECTION 13.19 Collateral Agent Execution and Delivery 
 148 150 
 SECTION 13.20 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 148 151 
 SECTION 13.21 WAIVER OF SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY 
 149 151 
 SECTION 13.22 Securitisation Regulation Requirements 
 149 151 
 SECTION 13.23 Adequacy of Monetary Damages Against the Lenders 
 151 153 
 SECTION 13.24 EU Transparency Requirements 
 153 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 
 SCHEDULE 1 Initial Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts and Percentages SCHEDULE 2 Reserved SCHEDULE 3 Initial Collateral Loans SCHEDULE 4 Industry Classifications SCHEDULE 5 Notice Information SCHEDULE 6 Authorized Signatories SCHEDULE 7 Diversity Score SCHEDULE 8 Reserved SCHEDULE 9 Initial Asset List SCHEDULE 10 Transaction Summary 

-iv- 
 USActive 55479929.4 -iv- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Administrative Agent Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Administrative Agent, the Structuring Agent, the Borrower and the Servicer, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 Administrative Expense Cap means, for any Payment Date, an amount not to exceed 225,000 for any twelve (12) month period. 
 
 Administrative Expenses means the fees and expenses (including indemnities) and other amounts of the Borrower due or accrued with respect to any Payment Date and payable in the following order 
 
 (a) first , on a pro rata basis, to the Collateral Agent, the Custodian and the Securities Intermediary, any amounts and indemnities payable to such entities pursuant to the Facility Documents (including any amounts payable in connection with the EU Transparency Reporting Side Letter Agreement) and 
 
 (b) second , on a pro rata basis, to 
 
 (i) the Independent Accountants, agents (other than the Servicer) and outside counsel of the Borrower for fees and expenses related to the Collateral and the Facility Documents and to the Independent Director of the Borrower for its fees and expenses incurred in acting in such capacity and 
 
 (ii) to any rating agency for fees and expenses in connection with the rating of (or provision of credit estimates in respect of) any Collateral Loan and 
 
 (c) third , to the payment of any expenses of obtaining documents, reports or information to enable compliance by any Lender with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation (other than the amounts specified in clause (a) above) . 
 
 Advance means each loan advanced by each Lender to the Borrower on a Borrowing Date pursuant to Article II. 
 
 Advance Rate means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the percentage set forth in the below table corresponding to the Loan Type and Loan Class of such Collateral Loan, subject to the exceptions and adjustments set forth immediately following such table 

Loan Type 

Loan Class 
 Advance Rate First Lien Loans that are not Recurring Revenue Loans 
 Class 1 Loans 
 65 Class 2 Loans 
 62.5 Class 3 Loans 
 60 First Lien Last Out Loans 
 Class 1 Loans 
 55 Class 2 Loans 
 55 Class 3 Loans 
 55 Second Lien Loans 
 Class 1 Loans 
 35 

USActive 55479929.4 -2- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

AUP Report Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.09. 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union (as amended or re-enacted) establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, the relevant implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). For the purposes of this definition, a reference to regulation includes any regulation, rule, official directive, request or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergovernmental or supranational body, agency, department or of any regulatory, self-regulatory or other authority or organisation. 
 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, Title 11, United States Code 101 et seq., or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 
 Base Rate means, on any date, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate or (b) the Federal Funds Rate plus 0.50 . The Base Rate is a reference rate and does not necessarily represent the lowest or best rate actually charged to any customer of any Agent or any Lender. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (a) above will be determined based on a year of 365 or 366 days, as applicable, and actual days elapsed. Interest calculated pursuant to clause (b) above will be determined based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed. If the calculation of the Base Rate results in a Base Rate of less than zero (0), the Base Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0) for all purposes hereunder. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event , a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOR the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.18( b) or (c a ). 
 
 BNP has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 
 
 Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in the introduction to this Agreement. 

USActive 55479929.4 -6- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Borrowing Base means, at any time and date, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Dollar Equivalent of the amounts in the Principal Collection Subaccount, (ii) an amount equal to the product of (x) the Weighted Average Advance Rate as of such date (excluding any Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Weighted Average Advance Rate), (y) the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance as of such date (excluding any Sale Settlement Pending Collateral from the calculation of the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance) and (z) the Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment as of such date and (iii) the aggregate sale price (expressed in Dollars) of the Sale Settlement Pending Collateral as of such date. 
 
 Borrowing Base Calculation Statement means a statement in substantially the form attached to the form of Notice of Borrowing attached hereto as Exhibit B, as such form of Borrowing Base Calculation Statement may be modified as mutually agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower from time to time. 
 
 Borrowing Date means the date of an Advance. 
 
 Business Day means (a) any day of the year except (a) a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, Boston, Massachusetts, St. Paul, Minnesota, Florence, South Carolina or the city in which the offices of the Collateral Agent, the Custodian or the Securities Intermediary are located are authorized or required by law to close and or (b) if such any day relates to any an interest rate setting as to an Advance determined by reference to LIBOR, any day on which banks are not open for dealings in Dollars in the London interbank market Term SOFR Reference Rate, a U.S. Government Securities Business Day . 
 
 CAD Collection Account means the single, segregated account with respect to Collections in Canadian Dollars at the Securities Intermediary in the name of the Borrower subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Canadian Dollars means the lawful currency of Canada. 
 
 Cash means Dollars immediately available on the day in question. Certificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the 
 UCC. 
 
 Change in Law means (a) the adoption of any law, rule or regulation after the 
 Closing Date, (b) any change in any law, rule or regulation or in the interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority after the Closing Date or (c) compliance by any Lender (or, for purposes of Section 2.10(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the Closing Date provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in implementation thereof, (y) the Securitisation Regulation and all rules promulgated thereunder and (z) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States 

USActive 55479929.4 -7- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Collateral Loan Buy Confirmation means with respect to any Collateral Loan, documentation evidencing, in reasonable detail, the Borrower s acquisition of such Collateral Loan, and which shall identify at least the obligor, price and the Principal Balance of such Collateral Loan. 
 
 Collateral Quality Test means a test that is satisfied as of any Business Day on or after the date that is three (3) months after the Closing Date if, in the aggregate, the Collateral Loans owned (or, in relation to a proposed purchase of a Collateral Loan, both owned and proposed to be owned) by the Borrower satisfy the Maximum Weighted Average Life Test (or in relation to a proposed purchase after the date that is three (3) months after the Closing Date, if not in compliance, the test is maintained or improved after giving effect to any purchase or sale effected on any such Business Day), calculated in accordance with Section 1.04. 
 
 Collection Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.02(a)(ii), including the Principal Collection Subaccount, the Interest Collection Subaccount, the CAD Collection Account, the EUR Collection Account and the GBP Collection Account. 
 
 Collection Date means the date on which the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Advances have been repaid in full and all Interest and fees and all other Obligations (other than contingent indemnification and reimbursement obligations which are unknown, unmatured and or for which no claim giving rise thereto has been asserted) have been paid in full, and the Borrower shall have no further right to request any additional Advances. 
 
 Collection Period means, with respect to any Payment Date, the monthly period from and including the date on which the first Advance is made hereunder to but excluding the first Collection Period Start Date following the date of such Advance and each successive monthly period from and including a Collection Period Start Date to but excluding the immediately succeeding Collection Period Start Date or, in the case of the Collection Period immediately preceding the Final Maturity Date or the Collection Period immediately preceding an optional prepayment in whole of the Advances, ending on the day preceding the Final Maturity Date or the date of such prepayment, respectively. 
 
 Collection Period Start Date means the first calendar day of each month of each year (or, if any such date is not a Business Day, the immediately succeeding Business Day), commencing in July 2020. 
 
 Collections means all cash collections, distributions, payments or other amounts received, or to be received, by the Borrower from any Person in respect of any Collateral Loan constituting Collateral, including all principal, interest, fees, distributions and redemption and withdrawal proceeds payable to the Borrower under or in connection with any such Collateral Loans and all Proceeds from any sale or disposition of any such Collateral Loans. 
 
 Competent Authority has the meaning given to it in the Securitisation 
 
 Regulation. 
 
 Concentration Calculation Amount means (a) from the Closing Date to the date 
 that is the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the greater of (i) the Maximum Portfolio 

USActive 55479929.4 -11- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

(i) not more than 5.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Fixed Rate Loans 
 
 (ii) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Partial PIK Loans and 
 
 (iii) not more than 10.00 of the Concentration Calculation Amount may consist of Recurring Revenue Loans. 
 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption, or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Accrual Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing request or prepayment, conversion or continuance notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of any breakage payments under Section 2.11 and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower, decides in its reasonable discretion may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practices (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of the Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 
 
 Constituent Documents means, in respect of any Person, the certificate or articles of formation or organization, the limited liability company agreement, operating agreement, partnership agreement, joint venture agreement or other applicable agreement of formation or organization (or equivalent or comparable constituent documents) and other organizational documents and by-laws and any certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, certificate of limited partnership and other agreement, similar instrument filed or made in connection with its formation or organization, in each case, as the same may be amended, restated, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 
 Contribution Notice has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.04(a). 
 Control means the direct or indirect possession of the power to vote 50 or 
 more of the voting securities of such Person or the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through ownership, by contract, arrangement or understanding, or otherwise. Controlled and Controlling have the meaning correlative thereto. 
 
 Cov-Lite Loan means a loan that does not (I) contain any financial covenants or 
 (II) require the related Obligor of such loan to comply with any maintenance covenant provided that a loan described in clause (I) or (II) above that either (i) contains a cross-default provision to, 

USActive 55479929.4 -13- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

determination that any Plan is, or is expected to be, in at risk status (as defined in Section 430 of the Code or Section 303 of ERISA) (e) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan (f) (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group from the PBGC of a notice of determination that the PBGC intends to seek termination of any Plan or to have a trustee appointed for any Plan under Section 4042 of ERISA, or (ii) the filing by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of a notice of intent to terminate any Plan (g) the incurrence by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any liability (i) with respect to a Plan pursuant to Sections 4063 and 4064 of ERISA, (ii) with respect to a facility closing pursuant to Section 4062(e) of ERISA, or (iii) with respect to the complete withdrawal or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan (h) the receipt by the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group of any notice concerning the imposition of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, in endangered status or critical status, within the meaning of Section 432 of the Code or Section 305 of ERISA or is or is expected to be insolvent, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA or (i) the failure of the Borrower or any member of its ERISA Group to make any required contribution to a Multiemployer Plan, in each case of subsections (a) through (i), that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 ERISA Group means each controlled group of corporations or trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control that is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code (and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder), Section 414(m) or (o) of the Code, with the Borrower. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the document described as the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 EU Due Diligence Requirements means the due diligence and verification requirements applicable to EU Institutional Investors under Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations, applicable guidance, regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder) in respect of securitization positions, as in effect and or amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 EU Institutional Investor has the meaning given to institutional investor under the Securitisation Regulation. 
 
 EU Risk Retention Requirement means Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations, applicable guidance, regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder). 
 
 EU Transparency Reporting Side Letter Agreement means any side letter agreement between the Borrower and the Collateral Agent that identifies itself as an EU Transparency Reporting Side Letter Agreement (or equivalent or similar name) thereunder. 

USActive 55479929.4 -23- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

EU Transparency Requirements means Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation (together with any delegated regulations, applicable guidance, regulatory technical standards, or implementing technical standards made thereunder). 
 
 EUR Collection Account means the single, segregated account with respect to Collections in Euros at the Securities Intermediary in the name of the Borrower subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Euros or means the lawful currency of the EEA Member Countries that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Event of Default means the occurrence of any of the events, acts or circumstances set forth in Section 6.01. 
 
 Excess Concentration Amount means, as of any date of determination on which any one or more of the Concentration Limitations are exceeded, an amount (calculated by the Servicer and without duplication) equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the portion of the Adjusted Principal Balance of each Eligible Collateral Loan that causes such Concentration Limitation to be exceeded. 
 
 Excess Interest Proceeds means, at any time of determination, the excess of (1) amounts then on deposit in the Interest Collection Subaccount representing Interest Proceeds over (2) the projected amount required to be paid pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i)(A), (B), (C) and (D), on the next Payment Date, any prepayment date or the Final Maturity Date, as applicable, in each case, as determined by the Borrower in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect, or any successor law, rules or regulations, and any reference to any statutory or regulatory provision shall be deemed to be a reference to any successor statutory or regulatory provision. 
 
 Excluded Affiliate means any portfolio company of (x) the Servicer, (y) the Equityholder or (z) any Affiliate thereof, as applicable, that is not consolidated on the financial statements of the Servicer or the Equityholder, as applicable. 
 
 Excluded Amounts means (a) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Loan included as part of the Collateral, which amount is attributable to the payment of any Taxes, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority on such Collateral Loan or on any underlying asset securing such Collateral Loan and 
 (b) any amount received in the Collection Account (or other applicable account) representing (i) any amount representing a reimbursement of insurance premiums, (ii) any escrows relating to Taxes, insurance and other amounts in connection with Collateral Loans which are held in an escrow account for the benefit of the Obligor and the applicable secured party pursuant to escrow arrangements under a Related Document, (iii) any amount received in the Collection Account with respect to any Collateral Loan sold or transferred by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.01 

USActive 55479929.4 -24- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, the greater of (a) 0 and (b) a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal for each day during such period to the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by the Administrative Agent from three federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it provided that, if at any time a Lender is borrowing overnight funds from a Federal Reserve Bank that day, the Federal Funds Rate for such Lender for such day shall be the average rate per annum at which such overnight borrowings are made on that day as promptly reported by such Lender to the Borrower and the Agents in writing. Each determination of the Federal Funds Rate by a Lender pursuant to the foregoing proviso shall be conclusive and binding except in the case of manifest error. 
 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 
 Fee Basis Amount means, for any Payment Date, an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance. 
 
 Final Maturity Date means the earlier to occur of (i) the Business Day 24 months after the Facility Termination Date and (ii) the date on which the Final Maturity Date is declared pursuant to Section 6.01. 
 
 Financial Asset has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 
 
 First Lien First Out Loan means one or more tranches of First Lien Loans 
 issued by an Obligor under the same Related Documents as a First Lien Last Out Loan that at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, will be paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement before such First Lien Last Out Loan is paid. 
 
 First Lien Last Out Loan means a Collateral Loan that would be a First Lien Loan but for the fact that at any time prior to and or after an event of default under the Related Documents, such Collateral Loan will be paid after any First Lien First Out Loan issued by the Obligor have been paid in full in accordance with a specified waterfall or other priority of payments as specified in the Related Documents, an agreement among lenders or other applicable agreement or the Obligor has a Working Capital Revolver that is at any time prior to and or after an event of default, senior to such Collateral Loan in payment priority or in lien priority with respect to all collateral securing such Collateral Loan provided that if the First Out Leverage of such Collateral Loan is less than 0.25 1.00, as determined by the Servicer in 

USActive 55479929.4 -26- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

First Out Leverage means the ratio of (x) the sum of first out indebtedness and Working Capital Revolver capacity that is secured by a Permitted Working Capital Lien to (y) EBITDA. 
 
 Fixed Rate Loan means any Collateral Loan that bears a fixed rate of interest. Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0.0 . 
 Foreign Lender means 
 
 a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 
 Fourth Amendment Effective Date means January 9, 2023. 
 
 FRB has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 
 
 Fundamental Amendment means, with respect to each Lender, any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement that would (a) increase or extend the term of the Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts or change the Final Maturity Date (other than an increase of the Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount of a particular Lender or the addition of a new Lender agreed to by the relevant Lender), (b) extend the date fixed for the payment of principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee hereunder, (c) reduce the amount of any such payment of principal, (d) reduce the rate at which Interest is payable thereon or any fee is payable hereunder (other than in connection with the appointment of a Benchmark Replacement), (e) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder, (f) alter the terms of Section 9.01 or Section 13.01(b), (g) modify the definition of the terms Majority Lenders, Required Lenders, Maximum Available Amount, Advance Rate, Borrowing Base, Minimum OC Coverage Test, Collateral Quality Test, Collateral Loan, Eligible Collateral Loan, Eligible Country, Class 1 Borrowing Base, Class 2 Borrowing Base, Class 3 Borrowing Base, Class 1 Minimum OC Coverage Test, Class 2 Minimum OC Coverage Test, Class 3 Minimum OC Coverage Test, Class 1 Loan, Class 2 Loan or Class 3 Loan or any component thereof defined therein (in each case, other than any administrative, non-material amendment agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent) (h) modify in any other manner the number or percentage of the Lenders required to make any determinations or waive any rights hereunder or to modify any provision hereof or (i) extend the Reinvestment Period, in each case to the extent such amendment, modification, waiver or supplement relates to such Lender. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect from time to time in the United States. 
 
 GBP Collection Account means the single, segregated account with respect to Collections in Pounds Sterling at the Securities Intermediary in the name of the Borrower subject to the lien of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 
 Government Security has the meaning specified in the definition of Deliver. 

USActive 55479929.4 -28- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

(b) all principal and interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with Interest Proceeds and all interest payments received by the Borrower during such Collection Period on Eligible Investments purchased with amounts credited to the Revolving Reserve Account 
 
 (c) all amendment and waiver fees, late payment fees (including compensation for delayed settlement or trades), and all protection fees and other fees and commissions received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds and 
 
 (d) commitment fees, facility fees, anniversary fees, ticking fees and other similar fees received by the Borrower during such Collection Period unless the Servicer has determined in its sole discretion that such payments are to be treated as Principal Proceeds 
 
 provided that 
 
 (1) as to any Defaulted Collateral Loan (and only so long as it remains a Defaulted Collateral Loan), any amounts received in respect thereof will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all Collections in respect thereof since it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan equals the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Collateral Loan at the time as of which it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan and all amounts received in excess thereof will constitute Interest Proceeds and 
 
 (2) any amounts received in respect of any Equity Security that was received in exchange for a Defaulted Collateral Loan will constitute Principal Proceeds (and not Interest Proceeds) until the aggregate of all collections in respect of such Equity Security equals the outstanding Principal Balance of the related Collateral Loan, at the time it became a Defaulted Collateral Loan, for which such Equity Security was received in exchange. 
 
 Interest Rate means, for any Class as of any date of determination, an interest rate per annum equal to the Benchmark Term SOFR (or the Base Rate, if applicable) plus the Applicable Margin. 
 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Investor Report means the ongoing quarterly investor reports required pursuant to and in accordance with Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
 
 Law means any action, code, consent decree, constitution, decree, directive, enactment, finding, guideline, law, injunction, interpretation, judgment, order, ordinance, policy statement, proclamation, promulgation, regulation, requirement, rule, rule of law, treaty, rule of 

USActive 55479929.4 -32- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

public policy, settlement agreement, statute, or writ, of any Governmental Authority, or any particular section, part or provision thereof. 
 
 Lender means each Person listed on Schedule 1 and any other Person that shall have become a party hereto in accordance with the terms hereof pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance. 
 
 Lender Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Lenders, the Borrower and the Servicer, as amended or supplemented from time to time, and any other fee letter between a Lender, the Borrower and the Servicer that identifies itself as a Lender Fee Letter hereunder. 
 
 Liabilities means all liabilities, obligations, losses, claims, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of agents, experts and outside attorneys) and disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever. 
 
 LIBOR means, for any LIBOR Period, the ICE Benchmark Administration Limited London interbank offered rate per annum for deposits in the relevant currency for a period equal to three months as displayed in the Bloomberg Financial Markets System (or such other page on that service or such other service designated by the ICE Benchmark Limited for the display of such administration s London interbank offered rate for deposits in the relevant currency) as of 11 00 a.m., London time on the day that is two Business Days prior to the first day of the LIBOR Period (the Screen Rate provided that if the Administrative Agent determines that the relevant foregoing sources are unavailable for the relevant LIBOR Period, LIBOR shall mean the rate of interest determined by the Administrative Agent to be the average (rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1 100th of 1 of the rates per annum at which deposits in the relevant currency are offered to the Administrative Agent two (2) Business Days preceding the first day of such LIBOR Period by four leading banks (selected by the Administrative Agent after consultation with the Borrower) in the London or other offshore interbank market for the relevant currency as of 11 00 a.m. for delivery on the first day of such LIBOR Period, for the number of days comprised therein and in an amount comparable to the amount of the Administrative Agent s portion of the relevant Advance provided, if such rate is less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 LIBOR Period means (a) with respect to the first LIBOR Period, the period from and including the Closing Date to and including the last day of September 2020 and (b) with respect to any subsequent LIBOR Period, the three-month period commencing from and including the first day of the next calendar month after the previous LIBOR Period ended and ending on the last day of the third calendar month after the previous LIBOR Period ended provided that the final LIBOR Period hereunder shall end on and include the day prior to the payment in full of the Advances hereunder. 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, encumbrance, lien or security interest (statutory or other), or preference, priority or other security agreement, charge or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional 

USActive 55479929.4 -33- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Maximum Facility Amount means 300,000,000 500,000,000 (as such amount may be reduced pursuant to Section 2.07) provided that it is understood that the loan facility established under this Agreement is an uncommitted facility and there is no express or implied commitment on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to provide any Advance except that, in the case of Collateral Loans approved by means of an Approval Request or Approved List, the Lenders shall have committed to fund the related Advances (up to the amount(s) specified in the related Approval Request or Approved List), provided that the related conditions precedent set forth in Article III are satisfied with respect to such Advances on the applicable Borrowing Date. 
 
 Maximum Portfolio Amount means, as of any date of determination, the sum of 
 (i) the Maximum Facility Amount as of such date and (ii) the aggregate amount of all contributions by the Equityholder to the Borrower (other than contributions made to cure a Default or an Event of Default) less any principal distributions that constitute a return of capital to the Equityholder other than Excluded Principal Distributions. 
 
 Maximum Weighted Average Life Test means a test that will be satisfied on any date of determination if the Weighted Average Life of the Collateral Loans as of such date is less than or equal to six and a half (6.5) years. 
 
 Measurement Date means (a) the Closing Date, (b) each Borrowing Date, (c) each Payment Date Report Determination Date and (d) each other date reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Mezzanine Obligations means unsecured obligations that are contractually subordinated in right of payment to other debt of the same issuer. 
 
 Minimum OC Coverage Test means, as of any date, a test that is satisfied if the OC Ratio as of such date is equal to or greater than 1.00 1.00. 
 
 Money has the meaning specified in Section 1-201(24) of the UCC. 
 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., together with its successors. 
 
 Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA that is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 
 Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio means, with respect to any Collateral Loan for any period, the meaning of Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for such Collateral Loan, and in any case that Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, the ratio of (a) indebtedness of the related Obligor under such Collateral Loan and all other indebtedness of such Obligor that is senior or pari passu in right of payment to such Collateral Loan minus Unrestricted Cash and cash equivalents to (b) TTM Recurring Revenue, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using 

USActive 55479929.4 -38- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents provided that, in the event of a lack of any such information necessary to calculate the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for any Collateral Loan, the Net-Debt-to-Recurring-Revenue Ratio for such Collateral Loan shall be a ratio calculated by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion after consultation with the Servicer or, if agreed to by the Administrative Agent, by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard. 
 
 Non-Approval Event means an event that (x) will be deemed to have occurred if the ratio (measured on a rolling three-month basis) of (i) the number or Dollar amount of Approval Requests for loans that satisfy the requirements of an Eligible Collateral Loan rejected by the Administrative Agent over (ii) the total number or aggregate Dollar amount of Approval Requests is greater than 70 and (y) will be continuing until the conditions set forth in clause (x) of this definition are no longer true provided that, until ten (10) loans have been submitted for approval to the Administrative Agent by the Servicer, the ratio of clause (x)(i) over clause (x)(ii) shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
 Note means each promissory note, if any, issued by the Borrower to a Lender in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.04(b), substantially in the form of Exhibit A. 
 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03(a). Notice of Prepayment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(a). NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 Obligations means all indebtedness, whether absolute, fixed or contingent, at any time or from time to time owing by the Borrower to any Secured Party or any Affected Person under or in connection with this Agreement, the Notes or any other Facility Document, including all amounts payable by the Borrower in respect of the Advances, with interest thereon, and all other amounts payable hereunder or thereunder by the Borrower. 
 
 Obligor means, in respect of any loan, each Person obligated to pay Collections in respect of such loan, including any applicable guarantors provided that for purposes of determining the domicile of an Obligor for purposes of the definitions of Concentration Limitations and Eligible Collateral Loan, the term Obligor shall only include the Person in respect of which the Collateral Loan was principally underwritten. 
 
 Obligor Measurement Date means the last day of each relevant period for which an Obligor delivers financial reporting information that includes the calculation of financial covenants, as certified by a Responsible Officer of such Obligor (which is required to occur no less frequently than quarterly). 
 
 OC Ratio means, as of any Business Day, the ratio of (a) the Borrowing Base to 
 (b) the sum of (x) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Advances and (y) the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate purchase price of all Collateral Loans for which the Borrower has entered into a binding commitment to purchase that have not yet settled. 

USActive 55479929.4 -39- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.06(c)(ii). 
 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.15. 
 
 Payment Date means the 15th day of each month, commencing with October 2020 provided that, if any such day is not a Business Day, then such Payment Date shall be the next succeeding Business Day. 
 
 Payment Date Report has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 8.07(b). 
 
 Payment Date Report Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such 
 term in Section 8.07(b). 
 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, or any successor agency or entity performing substantially the same functions. 
 
 Percentage means with respect to any Lender as of any date of determination, 
 (a) with respect to each Lender party hereto and listed on Schedule 1, the percentage applicable to such Lender on such date of determination as specified on Schedule 1, as such amount is reduced by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor, and 
 (b) with respect to each Lender that has become a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance and not listed on Schedule 1, the percentage set forth therein as such Lender s Percentage, in each case as such amount is reduced by an Assignment and Acceptance entered into between such Lender and an assignee or increased by any Assignment and Acceptance entered into by such Lender with an assignor. 
 
 Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Term SOFR . 
 
 Permitted Assignee means (a) a Lender or any of its Affiliates or (b) any Person managed by a Lender or any of its Affiliates. 
 
 Permitted Currencies means Pounds Sterling, Euro, Dollars and Canadian 
 Dollars. 
 
 Permitted Distribution means, on any Business Day, distributions of (x) Interest 
 Proceeds so long as immediately after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution, sufficient Interest Proceeds remain to pay all amounts payable on the immediately following Payment Date pursuant to Section 9.01(a)(i) as determined by the Servicer in good faith and or (y) prior to the last day of the Reinvestment Period, Principal Proceeds provided that amounts may be distributed pursuant to this definition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (or would occur after giving effect to such Permitted Distribution), (ii) the Minimum OC Coverage Test is satisfied immediately prior to and immediately after giving effect to such 

USActive 55479929.4 -41- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

PIK Loan means a loan (other than a Partial PIK Loan) that permits the Obligor thereon to defer or capitalize any portion of the accrued interest thereon. 
 
 Plan means an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code, in any case, which is sponsored by the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group or to which the Borrower or a member of its ERISA Group is obligated to make contributions or has any liability. 
 
 Plan Asset Rule has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(m). 
 
 Portfolio Advance Rate Adjustment means, as of any date of determination, the 
 percentage set forth on the table below corresponding to the highest Diversity Score then-applicable to the Collateral Loans 
 
 Diversity Score Advance Rate Adjustment Less than 4 0 Greater than or equal to 4, but less than 6 40 Greater than or equal to 6, but less than 10 60 Greater than or equal to 10, but less than 14 80 Greater than or equal to 14 100 
 
 Portfolio Report means the ongoing quarterly portfolio level disclosure required pursuant and in accordance with Article 7(1)(a) of the Securitisation Regulation. 
 
 Post-Default Rate means a rate per annum equal to the Interest Rate otherwise in effect pursuant to this Agreement plus 2.00 per annum . 
 
 Potential Servicer Removal Event means any event which, with the passage of time, the giving of notice, or both, would (if not cured or otherwise remedied during such time) constitute a Servicer Removal Event. 
 
 Pounds Sterling and means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
 
 Pricing Source means any of Loan Pricing Corporation, Mark-it Partners (formerly known as Loan X), Interactive Data Corporation or another nationally recognized broker-dealer or nationally recognized quotation service mutually agreed from time to time by (a) the Administrative Agent and (b) the Servicer. 
 
 Prime Rate means the rate determined by BNP from time to time as its prime rate in the United States, such rate to change as and when such designated rate changes. The Prime Rate is not intended to be the lowest rate of interest charged by BNP in connection with extensions of credit to debtors. 
 
 Principal Balance means, with respect to any loan, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount of such loan, excluding any capitalized interest. 

USActive 55479929.4 -44- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 Relevant Recipients has the meaning specified in Section 13.24(a). 
 
 Relevant Test Period means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, the relevant test period for the calculation of EBITDA, Interest Coverage Ratio or Senior Net Leverage Ratio, as applicable, for such Collateral Loan in the applicable Related Documents or, if no such period is provided for therein, for Obligors delivering monthly financial statements, each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months, and for Obligors delivering quarterly financial statements, each period of the last four consecutive reported fiscal quarters of the principal Obligor on such Collateral Loan provided that, with respect to any Collateral Loan for which the relevant test period is not provided for in the applicable Related Documents, if an Obligor is a newly-formed entity as to which twelve consecutive calendar months have not yet elapsed, Relevant Test Period shall initially include the period from the date of formation of such Obligor or closing date of the applicable Collateral Loan to the end of the twelfth calendar month or fourth fiscal quarter (as the case may be) from the date of formation or closing, as applicable, and shall subsequently include each period of the last twelve consecutive reported calendar months or four consecutive reported fiscal quarters (as the case may be) of such Obligor. 
 Requested Amount has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.03. 
 
 Required Lenders means, as of any date of determination, the Administrative Agent and Lenders having aggregate Percentages greater than or equal to 66 2 3 provided, however, that if any Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender at such time, then Advances owing to such Defaulting Lender and such Defaulting Lender s unfunded Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts shall be excluded from the determination of Required Lenders. 
 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer means (a) in the case of (i) a corporation or (ii) a partnership or limited liability company that, in each case, pursuant to its Constituent Documents, has officers, any chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief administrative officer, managing director, president, senior vice president, vice president, assistant vice president, treasurer, director or manager, and, in any case where two Responsible Officers are acting on behalf of such entity, the second such Responsible Officer may be a secretary or assistant secretary (provided that a director or manager of the Borrower shall be a Responsible Officer regardless of whether its Constituent Documents provide for officers), (b) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited partnership, the Responsible Officer of the general partner, acting on behalf of such general partner in its capacity as general partner, (c) without limitation of clause (a)(ii), in the case of a limited liability company, any Responsible Officer of the sole member or managing member, acting on behalf of the sole member or managing member in its capacity as sole member or managing member, (d) in the case of a trust, the Responsible Officer of the trustee, acting on behalf of such trustee in its capacity as trustee, 

USActive 55479929.4 -47- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

which the Administrative Agent may agree)), has entered into a binding commitment to sell that has not settled. 
 
 Sanctioned Country has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 
 Sanctioned Person has the meaning given to such term in Section 4.01(r). 
 
 Sanctions means any economic or trade sanctions or restrictive measures enacted, administered, imposed or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), the U.S. Department of State, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any EU member state, the French Republic, Her Majesty s Treasury and or any other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 Scheduled Distribution means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, for each Due Date, the scheduled payment of principal and or interest and or fees due on such Due Date with respect to such Collateral Loan. 
 
 Screen Rate has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of LIBOR. 
 
 Second Lien Loan means any Collateral Loan (for purposes of this definition, a loan that meets the following criteria 
 
 (a) is secured by a pledge of collateral, which security interest is validly perfected and second priority (subject to liens permitted under the related underlying instruments that are reasonable and customary for similar Collateral Loans) under Applicable Law (other than a Collateral Loan that is second priority to a Permitted Working Capital Lien) and 
 
 (b) the Servicer determines in good faith that the value of the collateral securing the Collateral Loan (including based on enterprise value) on or about the time of origination or acquisition by the Borrower equals or exceeds the outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Loan plus the aggregate outstanding balances of all other Collateral Loans of equal or higher seniority secured by the same collateral. 
 
 Secured Parties means the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, the Custodian, each Lender and the Securities Intermediary. 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, all as from time to time in effect. 
 
 Securities Intermediary means U.S. Bank National Association in its capacity as Securities Intermediary under the Account Control Agreement and any other entity as defined in Section 8-102(a)(14) of the UCC. 
 
 Securitisation Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017 2402. 
 
 Security Entitlement has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the 
 UCC. 

USActive 55479929.4 -50- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Solvent means, as to any Person, such Person is not insolvent within the meaning of Section 101(32) of the Bankruptcy Code or Section 271 of the Debtor and Creditor Law of the State of New York. 
 
 Specified Eligible Investment means an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent, specified by the Servicer to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) on or prior to the initial Borrowing Date provided that, so long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and then be continuing, at any time with not less than five Business Days notice to the Collateral Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) the Servicer may (and, if the then Specified Eligible Investment is no longer available to the Collateral Agent, shall) designate another Eligible Investment that meets the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and that is available to the Collateral Agent to be the Specified Eligible Investment for purposes hereof. After the occurrence and continuation of an Event of Default, a Specified Eligible Investment shall mean an Eligible Investment meeting the requirements of Section 8.06(a) and which has been selected by the Administrative Agent and specified to the Collateral Agent. 
 
 Structured Finance Obligation means any debt obligation owing by a special purpose finance vehicle that is secured directly and primarily by, primarily referenced to, and or primarily representing ownership of, a pool of receivables or a pool of other assets, including collateralized debt obligations, residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities, other asset-backed securities, future flow receivable transactions and other similar obligations provided that loans to financial service companies, factoring businesses, health care providers and other genuine operating businesses do not constitute Structured Finance Obligations. 
 
 Structuring Agent means BNP Paribas Securities Corp. 
 
 Substitute Eligible Collateral Loan means each Eligible Collateral Loan pledged by the Borrower to the Collateral Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties, pursuant to Section 10.01(d). 
 
 Synthetic Security means a security or swap transaction (excluding, for purposes of this Agreement, a participation interest) that has payments associated with either payments of interest and or principal on a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation. 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Term SOFR means, for any calculation with respect to an Advance, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Accrual Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate 

USActive 55479929.4 -53- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day provided, further, that if Term SOFR determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso above) shall ever be less than the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 
 Trade Date has the meaning assigned to such terms in Section 1.04(1). 
 
 TTM Recurring Revenue means, with respect to any Obligor and any date, the Recurring Revenue for such Obligor for the trailing twelve months ending on such date, as calculated by the Servicer in good faith in accordance with the Servicing Standard using information from and calculations consistent with the relevant compliance statements and financial reporting packages provided by the relevant Obligor as per the requirements of the Related Documents. 
 
 UCC means the New York Uniform Commercial Code provided that if, by reason of any mandatory provisions of law, the perfection, the effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority of the security interests granted to the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Agreement are governed by the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in a jurisdiction of the United States of America other than the State of New York, then UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in such other jurisdiction for purposes of such perfection, effect of perfection or non-perfection or priority. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Uncertificated Security has the meaning specified in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the 
 UCC. 

USActive 55479929.4 -54- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Unfunded Amount means, with respect to any Collateral Loan, as of any date of determination, the unfunded commitment of the Borrower with respect to such Collateral Loan as of such date. 
 
 Unrestricted Cash has the meaning assigned to the term Unrestricted Cash or any comparable term defined in the Related Documents for each Collateral Loan, and in any case that Unrestricted Cash or such comparable term is not defined in such Related Documents, all cash available for use for general corporate purposes and not held in any reserve account or legally or contractually restricted for any particular purposes or subject to any lien (other than blanket liens permitted under or granted in accordance with such Related Documents). 
 
 Unused Fees has the meaning assigned to such term in the Lender Fee Letter. 
 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a 
 Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 13.03(g)(iii). 
 
 Volcker Rule means Section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Weighted Average Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Eligible Collateral Loans included in the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Eligible Collateral Loan by (ii) such Eligible Collateral Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Net Collateral Balance. 
 
 Weighted Average Class 1 Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Class 1 Loans included in the Aggregate Class 1 Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Class 1 Loan by (ii) such Class 1 Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Class 1 Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Class 1 Net Collateral Balance. 
 
 Weighted Average Class 2 Advance Rate means, as of any date of determination with respect to all Class 2 Loans included in the Aggregate Class 2 Net Collateral Balance, the number obtained by (a) summing the products obtained by multiplying (i) the Advance Rate of each Class 2 Loan by (ii) such Class 2 Loan s contribution to the Aggregate Class 2 Net Collateral Balance and dividing (b) such sum by the Aggregate Class 2 Net Collateral Balance. 

USActive 55479929.4 -55- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

reduction of the Facility Amount pursuant to this Section 2.07 shall be applied ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts. 
 
 Section 2.08 Maximum Lawful Rate . It is the intention of the parties hereto that the interest on the Advances shall not exceed the maximum rate permissible under Applicable Law. Accordingly, anything herein or in any Note to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event any interest is charged to, collected from or received from or on behalf of the Borrower by the Lenders pursuant hereto or thereto in excess of such maximum lawful rate, then the excess of such payment over that maximum shall be applied first to the payment of amounts then due and owing by the Borrower to the Secured Parties under this Agreement (other than in respect of principal of and interest on the Advances) and then to the reduction of the outstanding principal amount of the Advances of the Borrower. 
 
 Section 2.09 Several Obligations . The failure of any Lender to make any Advance to be made by it on the date specified therefor shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligation to make its Advance on such date. Neither Agent shall be responsible for the failure of any Lender to make any Advance, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to make an Advance required to be made by such other Lender. 
 
 Section 2.10 Increased Costs . 
 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall 
 
 (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, compulsory loan, insurance charge, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for account of, or credit extended by, any Affected Person 
 
 (ii) subject any Affected Person to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes and (B) Excluded Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto or 
 
 (iii) impose on any Affected Person or the London interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes), affecting this Agreement or Advances made by such Affected Person by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark or any participation therein 
 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Affected Person of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Advance made by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Advance) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Affected Person hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered as specified in a certificate delivered to the Borrower pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 2.10. 
 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Affected Person determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the 

USActive 55479929.4 -66- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

rate of return on such Affected Person s capital or on the capital of such Affected Person s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement or the Advances made by such Affected Person to a level below that which such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Affected Person s policies and the policies of such Affected Person s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity coverage), by an amount deemed to be material by such Affected Person, then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Affected Person in Dollars, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Person or such Affected Person s holding company for any such reduction suffered or charge imposed provided that the amounts payable under this Section 2.10(b) shall be without duplication of amounts payable under Section 13.03 and shall not include any Indemnified Taxes or Excluded Taxes. 
 
 (c) Certificates from Lenders . A certificate of an Affected Person setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for such demand and the amount or amounts, in Dollars, necessary to compensate such Affected Person or its holding company as specified in clause (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10 shall be promptly delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such amount shown as due on any such certificate on the next Payment Date after receipt thereof. 
 
 (d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Affected Person to demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.10 shall not constitute a waiver of such Affected Person s right to demand such compensation provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate an Affected Person pursuant to this Section 2.10 for any costs, reductions, penalties or interest incurred more than nine months prior to the date that such Affected Person notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to any increased costs or reductions and of such Affected Person s intention to claim compensation therefor provided, further, that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the nine-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 
 (e) Lending Office . Upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the Borrower s obligation to pay additional amounts to a Lender pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) of this Section 2.10, such Lender will, if requested by the Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such Lender) to designate a different lending office if such designation would reduce or obviate the obligations of the Borrower to make future payments of such additional amounts provided that such designation is made on such terms that such Lender and its lending office suffer no unreimbursed cost or material legal or regulatory disadvantage (as reasonably determined by such Lender), with the object of avoiding future consequence of the event giving rise to the operation of any such provision. 
 
 Section 2.11 Compensation Breakage Payments . The Borrower agrees to compensate each Affected Person from time to time, on the Payment Date (or on the applicable date of prepayment) immediately following such Affected Person s written request (which request shall set forth the basis for requesting such amounts) in accordance with the Priority of Payments, for all reasonable and documented actual losses, expenses and liabilities (including any interest paid by such Affected Person to lenders of funds borrowed to make or carry an Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark and any loss 

USActive 55479929.4 -67- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

sustained by such Affected Person in connection with the re-employment of such funds but excluding loss of anticipated profits), which such Affected Person may sustain (i) if for any reason (including any failure of a condition precedent set forth in Article III but excluding a default by the applicable Lender) any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark by the Borrower does not occur on the Borrowing Date specified therefor in the applicable Notice of Borrowing delivered by the Borrower, and (ii) if any payment or prepayment of any Advance bearing interest that was computed by reference to LIBOR the Benchmark is not made on a Payment Date or pursuant to a Notice of Prepayment given by the Borrower. A certificate as to any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 2.11 submitted to the Borrower by any Lender (with a copy to the Agents, and accompanied by a reasonably detailed calculation of such amounts and a description of the basis for requesting such amounts) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 
 Section 2.12 Inability to Determine Rates . If, prior to the first day of any Interest Accrual Period or prior to the date of any Advance, as applicable, 
 
 (a) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, or 
 
 (b) the Administrative Agent determines, following notice from the Required Lenders, that for any reason adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining LIBOR for the applicable Advances in connection with any request for an Advance or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Accrual Period with respect to a proposed Advance does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining such Advance , the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower, the Collateral Agent and each Lender provided that the Administrative Agent has made a similar determination with respect to similarly situated borrowers in similar facilities. Thereafter, Upon notice thereof by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Advances with reference to Term SOFR shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Advances or affected Interest Accrual Periods) until the Administrative Agent (upon the instruction of the Majority Lenders) revokes such notice provided that new Advances may be made at, and existing (it being understood that the occurrence of any such event shall not require repayment of any Advances). Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Advances (to the extent of the affected Advances or affected Interest Accrual Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for Advances in the amount specified therein bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (ii) any outstanding affected Advances would will be maintained and deemed to have been converted to bear into Advances bearing interest at , the Base Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 2.12 shall not apply during a Benchmark Unavailability Period. 
 
 Section 2.13 Rescission or Return of Payment . The Borrower agrees that, if at any time (including after the occurrence of the Final Maturity Date) all or any part of any payment theretofore made by it to any Secured Party or any designee of a Secured Party is or 

USActive 55479929.4 -68- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Advances in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of that Defaulting Lender. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.17 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by that Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 
 (iii) For any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender, that Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Unused Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to such Defaulting Lender). 
 
 (b) If the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein (which may include arrangements with respect to any cash collateral), that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their respective Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amounts, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrowers while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided, further, that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 Section 2.18 LIBOR Discontinuation . Without prejudice to any other provision of this Agreement, each party hereto acknowledges and agrees for the benefit of each of the other parties hereto (x) LIBOR (i) may be subject to methodological or other changes which could affect its value and or (ii) may be permanently discontinued and (y) the occurrence of any of the aforementioned events and or a Benchmark Transition Event may have adverse consequences which may materially impact the economics of the financing transactions contemplated under this Agreement. Benchmark Replacement Setting. 
 
 (a) (b) Benchmark Replacement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, if upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of , the Administrative Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark , then (x) if with a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or 

USActive 55479929.4 -71- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

any other Facility Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in respect of any Benchmark setting . Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at or after 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided Administrative Agent has posted such proposed amendment to the all affected Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document and the Borrower so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement amendment from Lenders comprising the Majority Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.18(a) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 
 (c) Term SOFR Transition Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Facility Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Facility Document provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. 
 
 (b) (d) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document provided that the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Servicer and all the parties hereto of any such amendment . 
 
 (c) (e) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, the Lenders, the Servicer , the Equityholder and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent of (i) the implementation of any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, and (ii) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any a Benchmark Replacement , (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of iv x the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause Section 2.18 f d below and v y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 

USActive 55479929.4 -72- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.18 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.18 . 
 
 (d) (f) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or LIBOR Reference Rate and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, in consultation with the Borrower, or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may , in consultation with the Borrower, may modify the definition of Interest Accrual Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (y) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (x) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will no longer not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, may modify the definition of Interest Accrual Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 
 (e) (g) Benchmark Unavailability Period. Upon the Borrower ' s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the Borrower may revoke any Notice of Borrowing, or a request for a conversion to or continuation of an Advance Advances to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a Notice of Borrowing of or conversion to Advances bearing interest at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin. 
 
 (f) Term SOFR Conforming Changes. In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Facility Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Facility Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders (with a copy to the Collateral Agent) of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 
 
 (g) (h) Certain Defined Terms . As used in this Section 2.18 

USActive 55479929.4 -73- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark , as applicable, (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Accrual Period any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement , in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Accrual Period pursuant to Section 2.18( e d ). 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means , for with respect to any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 
 (1) the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment 
 
 (2) the sum of (a) Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment (3) Transition Event, t he sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for to the then-current Benchmark for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that, in the case of clause (1), if such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, in consultation with the Borrower provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Facility Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). 
 
 If the Benchmark Replacement as as so determined pursuant to clause (1), 
 (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents. 

USActive 55479929.4 -74- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Accrual Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement 
 
 (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower 
 
 (a) , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Accrual Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Accrual Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and 
 
 (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower for (or the applicable Corresponding Teno r Servicer on its behalf) giving due consideration to x a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and or y b any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time 
 
 provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion . 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 

USActive 55479929.4 -75- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

(including changes to the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Accrual Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent reasonably decides in consultation with the Borrower may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Facility Documents). 

Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) (1) i n the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (2) (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the publi c most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18(c) or such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 
 
 (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders provided that the Lenders may object to the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment only. 

USActive 55479929.4 -76- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 
 (1) (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 
 (2) (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 
 (3) (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

USActive 55479929.4 -77- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Benchmark Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (1) the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and (2) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 
 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Facility Document in accordance with Section 2.18 . 
 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which will include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided , that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the occurrence of 
 
 (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and 
 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBOR and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 
 
 Federal Reserve Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 

USActive 55479929.4 -78- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBOR. 
 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 
 NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 
 NYFRB's Website means the website of the NYFRB at http www. newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBOR, 11 00 a.m. (London time) on the day that is two Business Days prior to the first day of the LIBOR Period, and (2) if such Benchmark is not LIBOR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the NYFRB, or any successor thereto. 
 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 a.m. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 
 SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s Website, currently at http www. newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 
 Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. 
 
 Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion in consultation with the Borrower that 
 (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) 

USActive 55479929.4 -79- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.18 that is not Term SOFR. 
 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 
 Section 3.01 Conditions Precedent to Initial Advance . The obligation of each 
 Lender to make its initial Advance hereunder shall be subject to the conditions precedent that the Administrative Agent shall have received on or before the Closing Date the following, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 
 (a) each of the Facility Documents (other than the Collateral Agent Fee Letter, which shall be delivered directly to the Collateral Agent) duly executed and delivered by the parties thereto, which shall each be in full force and effect 
 
 (b) true and complete copies of the Constituent Documents of the Borrower, the Equityholder and the Servicer as in effect on the Closing Date 
 
 (c) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its member approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), (iv) that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, and (v) as to the incumbency and specimen signature of each of its Responsible Officers authorized to execute the Facility Documents to which it is a party 
 
 (d) Reserved 
 
 (e) Reserved 
 
 (f) a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Servicer certifying (i) as to its Constituent Documents, (ii) as to its resolutions or other action of its board of directors or members approving this Agreement and the other Facility Documents to which it is a party and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, (iii) that its representations and warranties set forth in the Facility Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date), and (iv) as to the incumbency and specimen 

USActive 55479929.4 -80- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

has or is deemed to have knowledge of such matters or taking any steps to preserve rights against prior parties or other rights pertaining to any Collateral. 
 
 (j) In order to comply with the laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Collateral Agent may be required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with the Collateral Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties hereto agrees to provide to the Collateral Agent upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable the Collateral Agent to comply with such requirements. 
 
 (k) If U.S. Bank, U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent is also acting in another capacity, including as Custodian or Securities Intermediary, the rights, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to U.S. Bank, U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent pursuant to this Article XII shall also be afforded to U.S. Bank, U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent acting in such capacities provided that such rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities shall be in addition to, and not in limitation of, any rights, protections, benefits, immunities and indemnities provided in the Custodian Agreement, Account Control Agreement or any other Facility Documents to which 
 U.S. Bank, U.S. Bank National Association or the Collateral Agent in such capacity is a party. 
 
 (l) The Collateral Agent shall not have any obligation to determine if a Collateral Loan meets the criteria specified in the definition of Eligible Collateral Loan or if the requirements set forth in the definition of Deliver have been satisfied. 
 
 (m) The Collateral Agent shall not be under any obligation (i) to monitor, determine or verify the unavailability or cessation of LIBOR Term SOFR (or any other applicable index, floating rate, interest rate or Benchmark Replacement), or whether or when there has occurred, or to give notice to any other transaction party of the occurrence of, any Benchmark Replacement Date, Benchmark Transition Event , or Benchmark Unavailability Period or Early Opt-In Election , (ii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement or other alternate benchmark rate, or other successor or replacement rate, or whether any conditions to the designation of such a rate have been satisfied, or (iii) to select, determine or designate any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment or other modifier to any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement or successor rate or index, or (iv) to determine whether or what Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes are necessary or advisable, if any, in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 
 (n) The Collateral Agent shall not be liable for any inability, failure or delay on its part to perform any of its duties set forth in this Agreement as a result of the unavailability of LIBOR Term SOFR (or any Benchmark Replacement or other applicable index, floating rate or other Interest Rate) and absence of any Benchmark Replacement or other replacement index or floating rate, including as a result of any inability, delay, error or inaccuracy on the part of any other transaction party, including without limitation the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or the Servicer, in providing any direction, instruction, notice or information required or 

USActive 55479929.4 -144- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

Section 13.24 EU Transparency Requirements. 
 (a) The Borrower has agreed to be the designated reporting entity for purposes of Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, and has agreed to make available to (A) any Lender, (B) any potential Lender and (C) any Competent Authority (as defined under the Securitisation Regulation) (each, a Relevant Recipient the documents, reports and information necessary to fulfil any applicable reporting obligations under the EU Transparency Requirements, including, but not limited to each of the Investor Reports and the Portfolio Reports. 
 
 (b) Without prejudice to their rights hereunder and without accepting any liability, each Relevant Recipient a party hereto acknowledges (or in the case of additional Lenders, shall acknowledge) that the agreed form of the transaction summary as set out in Schedule 10 is the transaction summary to be provided to each Relevant Recipient by the Borrower in accordance with the requirements of Article 7(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation. The Borrower (or the Servicer on its behalf) shall make the same available to the Competent Authorities to the extent required under the EU Transparency Requirements. 
 
 (c) None of the Borrower and the Servicer shall be liable for the relevant Lender s compliance with such Lender s own obligations under the Securitisation Regulation or any other similar regulatory obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall not limit the liability of the Borrower or the Servicer for any breach of their respective obligations under this Agreement, including this Section 13.24. 

USActive 55479929.4 -1- 58363225.2 
 US-DOCS 132983330.2 

APPENDIX B 
 
 SCHEDULE 1 
 INITIAL INDIVIDUAL LENDER MAXIMUM FUNDING AMOUNTS AND PERCENTAGES 
 
 Lender 
 Initial Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount 
 Percentage of Initial Individual Lender Maximum Funding Amount to Maximum Facility Amount 
 BNP Paribas 
 500,000,000 100 

US-DOCS 132982705.3 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 arccq4-22exhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF ARES CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 Name 
 Jurisdiction AC CORPORATE HOLDINGS, INC. DELAWARE ACAS CRE CDO 2007-1, LLC DELAWARE ACAS, LLC DELAWARE ALLIED CRESCENT EQUITY, LLC DELAWARE ARCC APEX SPV, LLC DELAWARE ARCC BEACON LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER CORP. DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER II LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER III LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER IV LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER V LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER VI LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER VII LLC DELAWARE ARCC BLOCKER VIII LLC DELAWARE ARCC ED CORP. DELAWARE ARCC FB FUNDING LLC DELAWARE ARCC FD CORP. DELAWARE ARCC FGP LLC DELAWARE ARCC GREEN ENERGY PARTNERS BLOCKER LLC DELAWARE ARCC HEELSTONE LLC DELAWARE ARCC HS LLC DELAWARE ARCC KPS CORP. DELAWARE ARCC LSQ LLC DELAWARE ARCC MBU HOLDINGS LLC DELAWARE ARCC MCF 1, LLC (f k a DYNAMIC EQUITY, LLC) DELAWARE ARCC MCF 2 LLC DELAWARE ARCC MH LLC DELAWARE ARCC NV1 CORP. DELAWARE ARCC NV2 CORP. DELAWARE ARCC OTG CORP. DELAWARE ARCC OTG PREFERRED CORP. DELAWARE ARCC PCGI III AIV BLOCKER, INC. DELAWARE ARCC PCP GP, LLC DELAWARE ARCC PCP L.P. CAYMAN ISLANDS ARCC PG LLC DELAWARE ARCC PH CORP. DELAWARE ARCC PJMB LLC DELAWARE ARCC PT CORP DELAWARE ARCC RB LLC DELAWARE ARCC RT LLC DELAWARE ARCC S2 LLC (F K A AC POSTLE, LLC) DELAWARE ARCC SC LLC DELAWARE ARCC SHC LLC DELAWARE ARCC SK BLOCKER CORP. DELAWARE ARCC TM CORP. DELAWARE ARCC ULTIMUS LLC DELAWARE ARCC UNIVERSAL CORP. DELAWARE ARES CAPITAL CP FUNDING HOLDINGS LLC DELAWARE ARES CAPITAL CP FUNDING LLC DELAWARE ARES CAPITAL JB FUNDING LLC DELAWARE 

BW LANDCO LLC DELAWARE CALDER EQUITY, LLC DELAWARE ECAS 2016 LTD. GUERNSEY EUROPEAN CAPITAL LIMITED GUERNSEY HCI EQUITY, LLC ILLINOIS IVY HILL ASSET MANAGEMENT GP, LLC DELAWARE MULTIAD EQUITY CORP. DELAWARE POTOMAC ENERGY CENTER, LLC VIRGINIA POTOMAC INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS II LLC DELAWARE POTOMAC INTERMEDIATE HOLDINGS III LLC DELAWARE S2 EQUITY CORP. DELAWARE STARTEC EQUITY, LLC DELAWARE 
 In addition, we may be deemed to control certain portfolio companies identified as Affiliated companies that we Control in footnote 5 to the Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of December 31, 2022 included in the Financial Statements portion of Ares Capital Corporation s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 arccq4-2022exhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Ares Capital Corporation 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form N-2 of Ares Capital Corporation of our reports dated February 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Ares Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which reports appear in the annual report on Form 10-K of Ares Capital Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the report dated February 7, 2023 on the senior securities table attached as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. We also consent to the references to our firm under the headings Controls and Procedures and Senior Securities in the Form 10-K. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 arccq4-22exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, R. Kipp deVeer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Capital Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 s R. KIPP DEVEER R. Kipp deVeer 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 arccq4-22exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 
 I, Penni F. Roll, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Capital Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 7, 2023 s PENNI F. ROLL Penni F. Roll 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 arccq4-22exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ares Capital Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), R. Kipp deVeer, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Penni F. Roll, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his or her knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 7, 2023 s R. KIPP DEVEER R. Kipp deVeer 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 Date February 7, 2023 s PENNI F. ROLL Penni F. Roll 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Ares Capital Corporation and will be retained by Ares Capital Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 arccq4-2022ex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 

Exhibit 99.1 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Supplemental Information 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Ares Capital Corporation 
 We have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements of Ares Capital Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB, the consolidated balance sheets of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 (none of which is presented herein), and we expressed unqualified opinions on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The senior securities information included in Part II, Item 5 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, under the caption Senior Securities (the Senior Securities Table), has been subjected to audit procedures performed in conjunction with the audit of the Company s respective consolidated financial statements. The Senior Securities Table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our audit procedures included determining whether the Senior Securities Table reconciles to the Company s respective consolidated financial statements or the underlying accounting and other records, as applicable, and performing procedures to test the completeness and accuracy of the information presented in the Senior Securities Table. In forming our opinion on the Senior Securities Table, we evaluated whether the Senior Securities Table, including its form and content, is presented in conformity with the instructions to Form N-2. In our opinion, the Senior Securities Table is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the Company s respective consolidated financial statements as a whole. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 7, 2023 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 arcc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 arcc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 arcc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 arcc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 arcc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

