<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1419041_0000950170-23-011355.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7692769</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441714</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1104915</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3421992</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1137277</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1430345</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011355.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160157
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011355
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Forte Biosciences, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001419041
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				261243872
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38052
		FILM NUMBER:		23787399

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 PEGASUS PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 6
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75247
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 618-6994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3060 PEGASUS PARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 6
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75247

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tocagen Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011355.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 fbrx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

sep 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark where the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on June 30, 2022 was million. 
 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of March 24, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Auditor Firm ID: 
 Auditor Name: 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 53 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 53 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 53 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 53 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 54 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 
 54 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 55 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 61 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosur e 
 
 61 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 61 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 62 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 62 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 63 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 63 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 63 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 63 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 63 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 64 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 67 

1 

PART I 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as predictions of future events as it cannot be assured that the events or circumstances reflected in these statements will be achieved or will occur. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology including anticipates, believes, could, seeks, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, pro forma, should, will, would, or the negative of these words and phrases or other variations of these words and phrases or comparable terminology. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. For example, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to statements about: 
 
 any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations; 

any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; 

any statements regarding any business disruption or potential impact to our business due to COVID-19; 

any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance; 

any statements regarding future regulatory approvals; 

our expectations regarding the timing of product launches, as well as product features and specifications, including target indications for FB-102; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and operate our business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; 

the timing, scope and likelihood of regulatory filings and approvals for future product candidates; 

our estimates regarding the sufficiency of our cash resources and our need for additional funding; 

our expectations regarding the market size, market growth and growth potential for our business, including our estimates of the number of patients who suffer from the diseases we are targeting; 

our ability to grow our business; 

our internal control environment; and 

our intended use of the net proceeds from offerings of our securities or other financings we may complete from time to time. 

Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to future events, are based on assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee that we actually will achieve the plans, intentions or expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on these statements. There are a number of important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied by forward-looking statements. These important factors include those discussed under the heading Risk Factors contained or incorporated in this Annual Report. These factors and the other cautionary statements should be read as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements whenever they appear in this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and other similar sources. 
 2 

Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview 
 
 Forte Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries www.fortebiorx.com ( Forte , we , our is a biopharmaceutical company that is advancing through preclinical trials its product candidate , FB-102, which is a proprietary therapeutic molecule with potentially broad autoimmune applications in such indications as graft-versus-host disease GvHD ), vitiligo and alopecia areata AA which have multi-billion dollar market sizes. FB-102 is an antagonist of autoimmune disease pathways with the potential for a durable response. 
 
 GvHD is a complication associated with allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) in which the transplanted cells initiate an immune response against the transplant recipient. . There are 2 main types of GvHD acute GvHD and chronic GvHD. The severity of symptoms ranges from mild to fatal. Acute GvHD usually occurs within 100 days of a transplant. Symptoms of the acute GvHD affect the skin, GI tract or liver. Chronic GvHD symptoms can occur any time after a transplant, but usually start within 2 years. Symptoms of chronic GvHD affect the skin, mouth, liver, lungs, GI tract, muscles or joints. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for GvHD. 
 
 Chronic GvHD prevalence and severity has increased in recent decades as the use of HSCT has increased. Estimates range from 30 to 70 of patients who undergo allogeneic HSCT experience chronic GvHD. It is estimated that 10-15 of tissue transplants are rejected, and US 33,000 tissues transplants were performed in the US in 2020. The global GvHD treatment market size was estimated at 1.6 billion in 2021 and is projected to reach 2.8 billion by 2027. 
 
 Vitiligo is characterized by the loss of melanocytes which are cells that produce skin pigmentation and results in discolored patches appearing in the skin, hair and mucous membrane . Vitiligo is where natural killer cells NK cells and cytotoxic T lymphocytes CD8+ attack melanocytes. Current treatments include black box warnings. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for vitiligo. 
 
 It is estimated by the National Institutes of Health NIH that vitiligo affects 2 million people in the U.S with world- wide prevalence at 0.5 to 2 of the population. The global vitiligo treatment market size was estimated at 1.2 billion in 2018 and is projected to reach 1.9 billion by 2026 (Fortune Business Insights). 
 
 AA is characterized by nonscarring, unpredictable and patchy hair loss generally on the scalp but also in other areas of the body as a result of immune cells attacking and damaging hair follicles. Most individuals experience the onset of AA by the age of 40 and nearly half experience the onset by age 20. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for AA . 
 
 It is estimated by the NIH that AA affects 700,000 people in the US with moderate to severe at 300,000 people. The global alopecia treatment market size was estimated at 2.7 billion in 2020 or 0.5 to 2 of the population and is projected to reach 4.9 billion by 2028. 
 
 While JAK inhibitors have demonstrated efficacy in GvHD, vitiligo and AA, black box warnings have dampened enthusiasm for JAK inhibitors. As a result, there remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies. FB-102 has potentially other autoimmune applications including celiac disease, eosinophilic esophagitis and Type 1 diabetes. Forte expects FB-102 to be in the clinic late 2023 or early 2024. 
 
 We had 41.1 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. Our common stock is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol FBRX. Prior to our merger with Tocagen, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company, Forte was a privately held company incorporated in Delaware on May 3, 2017. 
 
 Manufacturing and Supply 
 
 Forte has outsourced the manufacturing of FB-102 to facilities at third party contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) and the preclinical testing and development to clinical research organizations (CROs). These facilities and associated equipment are designed and operated to be consistent with all applicable laws and regulations. However, from time to time, we source critical raw materials and services from one or a limited number of suppliers with potentially long lead times or limited manufacturing and testing slot availability. There is a risk that if such supplies or services were interrupted, it could materially harm the manufacturing and preclinical development of FB-102. 
 
 Competition 
 3 

The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, strong competition and an emphasis on proprietary products. We believe that the key competitive factors affecting the success of any product candidate will include efficacy, safety profile, method of administration, cost, level of promotional activity and intellectual property protection. 
 
 We face competition from many different sources, including commercial pharmaceutical and biotechnology enterprises, academic institutions, government agencies and private and public research institutions. 
 
 Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. Our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize similar products that are safer, more effective, have fewer side effects or are less expensive than any products that we and/or our collaborators may develop. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 In December 2017, Forte entered into an exclusive license agreement with the DHHS, as amended in May 2020. Under the agreement, the DHHS granted Forte an exclusive, sublicensable and worldwide license to certain rights in patents under which we may develop and commercialize pharmaceutical and biological compositions comprising Gram-negative bacteria for the topical treatment of dermatological diseases and conditions. The Company terminated its license agreement with DHHS effective April 2, 2022. 
 
 We own one US patent for administering a combination of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria along with metabolites for treatment of a wide variety of skin conditions. The patent s estimated expiration date is 2039. This patent is not material to Forte s FB-102 program. We also own four pending US patent applications related to the FB-102 program. The estimated expiration dates of these patents are 2043-2044. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States at the federal, state and local level and in other countries regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, export and import of drug and biological products. Generally, before a new drug or biologic can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific for each regulatory authority, submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 United States Biological Product Development 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ), and its implementing regulations and biologics under the FDCA, the Public Health Service Act PHSA ), and their implementing regulations. Both drugs and biologics are also subject to other federal, state and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state and local statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or post-market may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the FDA s refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval or license revocation, a clinical hold, untitled or warning letters, product recalls or market withdrawals, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement and civil or criminal penalties. 
 Forte s product candidates must be approved by the FDA through a Biologic License Application BLA process before they may be legally marketed in the United States. The process generally involves the following: 
 
 Completion of extensive preclinical studies in accordance with applicable regulations, including studies conducted in accordance with good laboratory practice GLP ), requirements; 

Submission to the FDA of an Initial New Drug IND application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

Approval by an Institutional Review Board IRB ), or independent ethics committee at each clinical trial site before each trial may be initiated; 

4 

Performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND regulations, good clinical practice GCP requirements and other clinical trial-related regulations to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product for each proposed indication; 

Submission to the FDA of a BLA; 

A determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a BLA to accept the filing for review; 

Satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biologic will be produced to assess compliance with cGMP requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biologic s identity, strength, quality and purity; 

Potential FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and 

FDA review and approval of the BLA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the biologic in the United States. 

Preclinical Studies and IND 
 Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry and formulation, as well as in vitro and animal studies to assess the potential for adverse events and in some cases, to establish a rationale for therapeutic use. The conduct of preclinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations for safety/toxicology studies. 
 A sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and plans for clinical studies, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human clinical trials may begin. Some long-term preclinical testing may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA unless, before that time, the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In that case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 
 Clinical Trials 
 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor s control, in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 A sponsor who wishes to conduct a clinical trial outside of the United States may, but need not, obtain FDA authorization to conduct the clinical trial under an IND. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of a BLA. The FDA will accept a well-designed and well-conducted foreign clinical study not conducted under an IND if the study was conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, and the FDA is able to validate the data through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. 
 Clinical trials generally are conducted in three sequential phases, known as Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3, which may overlap. 
 
 Phase 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the product candidate. 

Phase 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. During Phase 2 clinical trials, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. 

5 

Phase 3 clinical trials generally involve a large number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. 

Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a BLA. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials, among other information, must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected suspected adverse events, findings from other studies or animal or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human subjects and any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. 
 Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug or biologic has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and also must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug or biologic, as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product and, among other things, companies must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidates do not undergo unacceptable deterioration over their shelf life. 
 Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, FDA has issued various COVID-19 related guidance documents, including guidance on conducting clinical trials during the pandemic and on the good manufacturing practice considerations for responding to COVID-19 infection and other topics. We may be required to make further adjustments to our clinical trials or business operations based on current or future guidance and regulatory requirements as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. 
 FDA Review Process 
 Following completion of the clinical trials, data are analyzed to assess whether the investigational product is safe and effective for the proposed indicated use or uses. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA, along with proposed labeling, chemistry and manufacturing information to ensure product quality and other relevant data. The BLA is a request for approval to market the biologic for one or more specified indications and must contain proof of safety, purity and potency for the biologic. The application may include both negative and ambiguous results of preclinical studies and clinical trials, as well as positive findings. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a product s use or from several alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational product to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before a biologic may be marketed in the United States. 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. 
 The FDA reviews all submitted BLAs before it accepts them for filing and may request additional information rather than accept a BLA for filing. The FDA must decide whether to accept a BLA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the BLA. Under the goals and policies agreed to by the FDA under PDUFA, the FDA has 10 months from the filing date to complete its initial review of an original BLA and respond to the applicant, and six months from the filing date of an original BLA designated for priority review. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority BLAs, and the review process is often extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 Before approving a BLA, the FDA will conduct a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new product to determine whether they comply with cGMP requirements. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the 
 6 

manufacturing processes and facilities comply with cGMP requirements to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. The FDA also may audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. Additionally, the FDA may refer applications for novel products or products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions, if any. The FDA is not bound by recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers those recommendations when making decisions on approval. The FDA likely will reanalyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. After the FDA evaluates a BLA, it will issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the biologic with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data, additional pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial(s) and/or other significant and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. Even if an applicant submits the requested data and information, the FDA may decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than an applicant does. 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, as amended PREA ), a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of pediatric data or full or partial waivers. A sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen or new route of administration must submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan PSP ), within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or, if there is no such meeting, as early as practicable before the initiation of the Phase 3 or Phase 2/3 study. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach an agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials and/or other clinical development programs. 
 Post-marketing Requirements 
 Following approval of a new product, the manufacturer and the approved product are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, monitoring and record-keeping activities, reporting of adverse experiences, complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include restrictions on promoting products for unapproved uses or patient populations (known as off-label use and limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities. Although physicians may prescribe legally available products for off-label uses, manufacturers may not market or promote off-label uses. Prescription biologic promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Further, if there are any modifications to the biologic, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes or facilities, the applicant may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement, which may require the development of additional data or preclinical studies and clinical trials. 
 The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), to assure the safe use of the product. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS and the FDA will not approve the BLA without an approved REMS. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of products. Product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. Newly discovered or developed safety or efficacy data may require changes to a product s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and may also require the implementation of other risk management measures, including a REMS, or the conduct of post-marketing studies to assess a newly discovered safety issue. 
 FDA regulations require that products be manufactured in specific approved facilities and in accordance with cGMP regulations. Forte relies, and expects to continue to rely, on third parties to produce clinical and commercial quantities of Forte s products in accordance with cGMP regulations. These manufacturers must comply with cGMP regulations that require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance, the maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved biologics are required to register 
 7 

their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements and other laws. 
 Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP regulations, could result in enforcement actions, and the discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer or holder of an approved BLA, including recall. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including the CMS, other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments and governmental agencies. 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 Biopharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to additional healthcare laws, regulation, and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Such laws include, without limitation, U.S. federal anti-kickback, anti-self-referral, false claims, transparency, including the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, consumer fraud, pricing reporting, data privacy, data protection, and security laws and regulations as well as similar foreign laws in the jurisdictions outside the U.S. Similar state and local laws and regulations may also restrict business practices in the biopharmaceutical industry, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales, and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, or by patients themselves; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state laws and regulations that require drug manufacturers to file reports relating to pricing and marketing information; state and local laws which require the tracking of gifts and other remuneration and any transfer of value provided to physicians, other healthcare providers and entities; and state and local laws that require the registration of biopharmaceutical sales representatives; and state and local laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 The risk of our being found in violation of these or other laws and regulations is increased by the fact that many have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts and their provisions are open to various interpretations. These laws and regulations are subject to change, which can increase the resources needed for compliance and delay product approval or commercialization. Any action brought against us for violations of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management s attention from the operation of our business. Also, we may be subject to private qui tam actions brought by individual whistleblowers on behalf of the federal or state governments. Actual or alleged violation of any such laws or regulations may lead to investigations and other claims and proceedings by regulatory authorities and in certain cases, private actors, and violation of any of such laws or any other governmental regulations that apply may result in penalties, including, without limitation, significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, additional reporting obligations, and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, the curtailment or restructuring of operations, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and imprisonment. 
 Current and Future Healthcare Reform Legislation 
 In the United States and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of Forte product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect Forte s ability to profitably sell any product candidates for which it obtains marketing approval. Forte expects that current laws, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the price that Forte, or any of its collaborators, may receive for any approved products. 
 The Affordable Care Act ACA ), for example, contains provisions that subject biological products to potential competition by lower-cost biosimilars and may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid 
 8 

programs, address a new methodology by which rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program are calculated for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted or injected, increase the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extends the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, establish annual fees and taxes on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and create a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 70 (increased pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, effective as of 2019) point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D. 
 Since its enactment, there have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA, and Forte expects there will be additional challenges and amendments to the ACA in the future. For example, in November 2020, the United States Supreme Court held oral arguments on the ACA case from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit, which upheld the District Court ruling that the individual mandate is unconstitutional. In June 2021, the Supreme Court of the United States held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. In January 2021, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period to allow people to obtain health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace, and instructs certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, among others. We cannot predict how the Supreme Court ruling, other litigation, or the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact our business. Complying with any new legislation or reversing changes implemented under the ACA could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect through 2031, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, unless additional congressional action is taken. Under current legislation, the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which have resulted in several recent Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted bills designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, effective January 1, 2024, the statutory cap on Medicaid Drug Rebate Program rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs will be eliminated. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The impact of these regulations and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the Biden administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is currently unknown. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. 
 Individual states in the United States have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Individual states in the United States have also been increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase Forte s compliance burdens and expose it to greater liability under such state laws once it begins commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of its products. 
 
 Packaging and Distribution in the United States 
 If Forte s products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 9 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines or other penalties, injunctions, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. Any action against Forte for violation of these laws, even if Forte successfully defend against it, could cause Forte to incur significant legal expenses and divert Forte s management s attention from the operation of its business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future products marketed by Forte could materially affect its business in an adverse way. 
 
 Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact Forte s business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to Forte s manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of Forte s approved products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of Forte s business. 
 Other U.S. Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations 
 Forte may be subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. From time to time and in the future, Forte s operations may involve the use of hazardous and flammable materials, including chemicals and biological materials, and may also produce hazardous waste products. Even if Forte contracts with third parties for the disposal of these materials and waste products, Forte cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from these materials. In the event of contamination or injury resulting from the use or disposal of Forte s hazardous materials, Forte could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed Forte s resources. Forte also could incur significant costs associated with civil or criminal fines and penalties for failure to comply with such laws and regulations. 
 Forte maintains workers compensation insurance to cover costs and expenses it may incur due to injuries to its employees, but this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. However, Forte does not maintain insurance for environmental liability or toxic tort claims that may be asserted against it. 
 In addition, Forte may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. Current or future environmental laws and regulations may impair Forte s research, development or production efforts. In addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 U.S. Patent-Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of any of Forte s product candidates, some of Forte s U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit restoration of the patent term of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent-term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office PTO ), in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, Forte may apply for restoration of a patent term for Forte s currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. 
 An abbreviated approval pathway for biological products shown to be similar to, or interchangeable with, an FDA-licensed reference biological product was created by the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 BPCI Act ). This amendment to the PHSA, in part, attempts to minimize duplicative testing. Biosimilarity, which requires that the biological product be highly similar to the reference product notwithstanding minor differences in clinically inactive components and that there be no clinically meaningful differences between the product and the reference product in terms of safety, purity and potency, can be shown through analytical studies, animal studies and a clinical trial or trials. Interchangeability requires that a biological product be biosimilar to the reference product and that the product can be expected to produce the same clinical results as the reference product in any given patient and, for products administered multiple times to an individual, that the product and the reference product may be alternated or switched after 
 10 

one has been previously administered without increasing safety risks or risks of diminished efficacy relative to exclusive use of the reference biological product without such alternation or switch. 
 A reference biological product is granted 12 years of data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. First licensure typically means the initial date the particular product at issue was licensed in the United States. Date of first licensure does not include the date of licensure of (and a new period of exclusivity is not available for) a biological product if the licensure is for a supplement for the biological product or for a subsequent application by the same sponsor or manufacturer of the biological product (or licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity) for a change (not including a modification to the structure of the biological product) that results in a new indication, route of administration, dosing schedule, dosage form, delivery system, delivery device or strength, or for a modification to the structure of the biological product that does not result in a change in safety, purity, or potency. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing regulatory exclusivity periods. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a trial. 
 Rest of the World Regulation 
 For other countries outside of the United States, such as the European Union and countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. Additionally, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. 
 If Forte fails to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, Forte may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. 
 Additional Laws and Regulations Governing International Operations 
 If Forte further expands its operations outside of the United States, Forte must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which it plans to operate. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from offering, paying, promising to pay, or authorizing payment of money or anything of value, to any person, while knowing that all or a portion of such money or thing of value will be offered, given or promised, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate to influence the foreign official in his or her official capacity, induce the foreign official to do or omit to do an act in violation of his or her lawful duty, or to secure any improper advantage in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are owned and operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials for the purposes of the statute. Certain payments made in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If Forte expands its presence outside of the United States, Forte will need to dedicate additional resources to complying with these laws, and these laws may preclude Forte from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit Forte s growth potential and increase its development costs. 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 11 

Sales of Forte s approved products will depend, in part, on the extent to which Forte s approved products, will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurers and managed healthcare organizations, as well as the level of reimbursement such that those third-party payors provide for Forte s products. Patients and providers are unlikely to use Forte s products unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of Forte s products. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drugs or biological products exists, and one payor s determination to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement for a product does not assure that other payors will make a similar determination. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of Forte s product candidates, if approved, will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. As a result, the coverage determination process may be a time-consuming and costly process that will require Forte to provide scientific clinical, and cost-effective data to support the use of Forte s approved products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 
 Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of pharmaceutical products, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. 
 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which Forte receives regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and other third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. An increasing emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States has increased and Forte expects will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which Forte receives regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for our product if approved. 
 These laws, and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices Forte may obtain for any of its product candidates for which Forte may obtain regulatory approval or the demand for any such approved products. 
 In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. Reference pricing used by various EU Member States and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. In some countries, Forte may be required to conduct a clinical study or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of any of Forte s product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of Forte s approved products. Historically, products launched in the EU do not follow price structures of the United States and, generally, prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payors or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. 
 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 As of March 24, 2023, we had 6 full-time employees, primarily engaged in research and development, manufacturing and administration. None of Forte s employees are represented by labor unions or covered by collective bargaining agreements. Forte considers its relationship with its employees to be good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 Corporate Information and History 
 
 On June 15, 2020, Forte completed a business combination (the Merger with Tocagen, Inc. Tocagen ), a publicly traded biotechnology company, with Forte being the surviving business. Prior to the Merger, Forte was a privately held company incorporated in Delaware on May 3, 2017. Forte's legal predecessor, Tocagen, was incorporated in Delaware in August 2007. 
 12 

Our principal executive office is located at 3060 Pegasus Park Drive, Building 6, Dallas TX 75247 and our telephone number is (310) 618-6994. Our corporate website is located at www.fortebiorx.com. We make available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our SEC reports can be accessed through the investor relations page of our website located at https://www.fortebiorx.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default.aspx . The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. 
 We may webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations page of our website. In addition, we use our website as a means of disclosing information about our company, our products, our planned financial and other announcements, our attendance at upcoming investor conferences, and other matters. It is possible that the information we post on our website could be deemed material information. We may use our website to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Therefore, investors should monitor our website in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls, and webcasts. Corporate governance information, including our board committee charters and code of ethics, is also available on our investor relations page of our website. The contents of our website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 
 You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public filings, in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 
 Our ability to execute on our business strategy is subject to a number of risks, which are discussed more fully below in this section. You should carefully consider these risks before making an investment in our common stock. These risks include, among others, the following: 
 Forte s business is almost entirely dependent on the success of developing FB-102, which may not be successful. 

Results from early preclinical studies may not be predictive of results from later stage studies or clinical trials. 

Forte has no approved products and has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate its technology and product development capabilities and predict its future performance. 

Forte has incurred net losses in every year since its inception and anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses in the future. 

Forte will require additional capital to fund its operations and if Forte fails to obtain necessary financing, Forte will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of its current lead product candidate, FB-102, or any future product candidates. 

Forte s ability to successfully develop any product candidate is highly uncertain. 

Clinical development is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. Forte may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any product candidate. 

Forte s planned preclinical studies or future clinical trials or those of its future collaborators may reveal significant adverse events and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of its product candidates. 

Positive results from early preclinical studies are not necessarily predictive of the results of any future clinical trials of product candidates. Forte may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize any product candidates. 

Interim top-line and preliminary data from future clinical trials that Forte announces or publishes from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 

The market opportunities for FB-102 may be limited and Forte s estimates of the incidence and prevalence of its target patient populations may be inaccurate. 

13 

Forte is very early in its development efforts. FB-102 will require significant additional preclinical and clinical development before Forte seeks regulatory approval of any product candidate. If Forte is unable to advance FB-102 to clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize a product candidate or experiences significant delays in doing so, its business will be materially harmed. 

If Forte is unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any product candidate Forte develops, its competitors could develop and commercialize products or technology similar or identical to Forte s, and its ability to successfully commercialize any product candidate Forte may develop, and its technology, may be adversely affected. 

Forte expects to rely on third parties to conduct its preclinical studies and any future clinical trials and to manufacture its product candidates. 

The market price of Forte s common stock is expected to be volatile. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. 

Forte has identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. If Forte s remediation of the material weakness is not effective, or if Forte experiences additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 

A variety of risks associated with public health threats and epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic and related public health emergency could materially adversely affect Forte s business. 

Risks related to Forte s business, technology and industry 
 Forte s business through to 2021 had been almost entirely dependent on the success of FB-401 and Forte subsequently decided to discontinue the advancement of FB-401. In 2022, Forte decided to devote significant time and resources to developing FB-102, which may not be successful. 
 
 Through 2021, Forte invested substantially all of its efforts and financial resources into the research and development of FB-401, which was its only product candidate to enter clinical trials. In September 2021, Forte announced that it would not be continuing the advancement of FB-401. 
 
 Following the announcement of the FB-401 trial results, the Company ceased further development of FB-401 and conducted an extensive process to evaluate strategic alternatives. Following such process, the Company determined to focus on developing its FB-102 program, which is currently in preclinical development. We will be required to devote significant time and resources to developing FB-102, which may not be successful. 
 
 Results from early-preclinical studies may not be predictive of results from later-stage studies or clinical trials. 
 
 We are early in our testing of FB-102, and we have no product candidates in clinical development. Preclinical studies may produce negative or inconclusive results. The FDA or a non-US regulatory authority may require us to conduct additional preclinical testing. Success in early preclinical studies does not mean that future clinical trials will be successful. In addition, preclinical data are often susceptible to various interpretations and analyses, and many companies whose product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, even after obtaining promising results in pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials. Any of these events could limit the commercial potential of our product candidate and have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Forte s prospects are highly dependent on a single product candidate, FB-102, as we discontinued FB-401 in 2021. If we are unable to complete further development of, obtain approval for and commercialize FB-102 for one or more indications in a timely manner, our business will be harmed. 
 
 After we discontinued clinical development of FB-401, Forte s long-term prospects are highly dependent on future acceptance and revenues from a single product, FB-102. As discussed above, in September 2021, Forte announced that topline data from its Phase 2 clinical trial of FB-401 for the treatment of atopic dermatitis failed to meet statistical significance for the primary endpoint of 
 14 

EASI-50 (the proportion of patients with at least a 50 improvement in atopic dermatitis disease severity as measured by EASI) and that, given that result, Forte would not be continuing development of FB-401. Our prospects are thus highly dependent on the success of FB-102, our only product candidate at this time, which is currently in preclinical stage and is being evaluated for multiple indications. Any further development of FB-102 would require substantial capital and time to complete and there is no guarantee that any future clinical trial, if pursued, would be timely or successful, or that FB-102 would be approved or, if approved, that commercialization would be successful. 
 
 Forte has no approved products and has a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate its technology and product development capabilities and predict its future performance. 
 
 We are very early in our development efforts of FB-102 and, prior to discontinuing the advancement of FB-401, were early in our clinical development efforts of FB-401. 
 
 Prior to the closing of the reverse merger Merger with Tocagen, Inc. on June 15, 2020, Forte s predecessor company was formed in 2017 as a privately held company. Forte has no products approved for commercial sale and has not generated any revenue from product sales. Forte s ability to generate product revenue or profits was dependent on the successful development and eventual commercialization of FB-401 prior to Forte s decision to discontinue development of FB-401 and, following Forte s decision to focus on development of FB-102, Forte s prospects are currently highly dependent on Forte s ability to successfully develop FB-102. Given the early stage of FB-102, which is currently in preclinical development, and the highly uncertain nature of preclinical drug development, Forte may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. 
 
 Forte s current and future programs and product candidates will require additional discovery research, preclinical development, clinical development, regulatory approval to commercialize the product, manufacturing validation, obtaining manufacturing supply, capacity and expertise, building of a commercial and distribution organization, substantial investment and significant marketing efforts before Forte generates any revenue from product sales. In addition, any drug product candidate must be approved for marketing by the FDA or certain other health regulatory agencies before Forte may commercialize any product in the respective jurisdictions. 
 
 Forte s limited operating history may make it difficult to evaluate its, or any new, technology and industry and predict its future performance. Forte s short history as an operating company makes any assessment of its future success or viability subject to significant uncertainty. Forte will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by early-stage companies in evolving fields, for example the failure of the FB-401 trial. If Forte does not address these risks successfully, its business will suffer. Similarly, Forte expects that its financial condition and operating results will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond its control. As a result, its stockholders should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual period as an indicator of future operating performance. 
 
 Forte has incurred net losses in every year since its inception and anticipates that it will continue to incur net losses in the future. 
 
 Forte is a preclinical stage healthcare company with a limited operating history. Investment in product development in the healthcare industry, including of biopharmaceutical products, is highly speculative because it entails substantial upfront capital expenditures and significant risk that any potential product candidate will fail to demonstrate adequate effect or an acceptable safety profile, gain regulatory approval and become commercially viable. Forte s current lead product candidate, FB-102, is currently in preclinical development. Forte has no products approved for commercial sale and has not generated any revenue from product sales to date, and Forte will continue to incur significant research and development and other expenses related to its ongoing operations. As a result, Forte is not profitable and has incurred losses in each period since its inception in 2017. For the year ended December 31, 2022, Forte reported a net loss of 13.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, Forte had an accumulated deficit of 87.0 million. Forte expects to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future, and Forte expects these losses to increase as Forte continues its research and development of, and seeks regulatory approvals for, its current lead product candidate, FB-102, and any future product candidates Forte may seek to develop. Forte anticipates that its expenses will increase substantially if, and as, it: 
 conducts preclinical studies and clinical trials for FB-102 and any future product candidates; 

continues to discover and develop additional applications for FB-102 and any future product candidates; 

maintains, expands and protects its intellectual property portfolio; 

15 

hires or contracts additional clinical, scientific, manufacturing and commercial personnel to support its product development and commercialization efforts; 

validates a manufacturing process and specifications for FB-102 and any future product candidates; 

establishes in-house manufacturing capabilities; 

establishes a commercial manufacturing source and secures supply chain capacity sufficient to provide clinical trial material and commercial quantities of any product candidate for which Forte may obtain regulatory approval; 

acquires or in-licenses other product candidates and technologies; 

seeks various regulatory approvals; 

establishes a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any product candidate for which Forte may obtain regulatory approval; and 

adds operational, compliance, financial and management information systems and personnel to support being a public company. 

To become and remain profitable, Forte or any potential future collaborator must develop and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential at an adequate profit margin after cost of goods sold and other expenses. This will require Forte to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing preclinical studies and clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for FB-102 or any future product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products for which Forte may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. Forte may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if Forte does, Forte may never generate revenue that is significant enough to achieve profitability. If Forte does achieve profitability, it may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Forte s failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of the company and could impair its ability to raise capital, maintain its research and development efforts, expand its business or continue its operations. 
 
 Even if Forte succeeds in obtaining regulatory approval and commercializing its current product candidate, FB-102, Forte may continue to incur substantial research and development and other expenditures to develop and market additional applications for its current product candidate or any future product candidates. Forte may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect its business. The size of its future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of its expenses and its ability to generate revenue. Forte s prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on its stockholders equity and working capital. 
 Forte will require additional capital to fund its operations and if Forte fails to obtain necessary financing, Forte will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of its current lead product candidate, FB-102, or any future product candidates. 
 
 Forte s operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. Forte expects to continue to spend substantial amounts to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials of its current and future programs, to validate the manufacturing process and specifications for its product candidate, to seek regulatory approvals for its product candidate and to launch and commercialize any products for which Forte receives regulatory approval, including potentially building its own commercial organization. As of December 31, 2022, Forte had 41.1 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. Based on its current operating plan, Forte believes that its current cash available will enable it to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least twelve months from the issuance date of this Form 10-K. However, its future capital requirements and the period for which its existing resources will support its operations may vary significantly from what Forte currently expects, and Forte will in any event require additional capital in order to complete the clinical development of FB-102. Forte s monthly spending levels will vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with development of FB-102 and any future product candidates is highly uncertain, Forte is unable to estimate the actual funds it will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. Forte s future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical studies and clinical trials for FB-102 and any future product candidates and any need to conduct additional such studies as may be required by a regulator; 

the clinical development plans Forte establishes for FB-102 and any future product candidates; 

the terms of any collaboration agreements Forte may choose to initiate or conclude; 

16 

the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

delay or failure in obtaining the necessary approvals from regulators or institutional review boards IRBs in order to commence a clinical trial at a prospective trial site, or their suspension or termination of a clinical trial once commenced; 

failure of third-party contractors, such as contract research organizations CROs ), or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements, including Good Clinical Practice GCP ); 

governmental or regulatory delays and changes in regulation or policy relating to the development and commercialization of its product candidate by the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; 

undertaking and completing additional pre-clinical studies to generate data required to support the continued clinical development of a product candidate; 

inability to enroll sufficient patients to complete a protocol; 

difficulty in having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 

clinical sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; 

problems with biopharmaceutical product candidate storage, stability and distribution; 

its inability to add new or additional clinical trial sites; 

varying interpretations of the data generated from its preclinical or clinical trials; 

Forte s inability to manufacture, or obtain from third parties, adequate supply of biopharmaceutical product candidate sufficient to complete its preclinical studies and clinical trials; 

the costs of establishing, maintaining, and overseeing a quality system compliant with current good manufacturing practice requirements cGMPs and a supply chain for the development and manufacture of its product candidate; 

the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against Forte, FB-102; 

the effect of competing technological and market developments; 

the cost and timing of establishing, expanding and scaling manufacturing capabilities; 

the effect of potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe, and otherwise; 

the effect of inflationary pressure on the United States capital markets and our ability to raise capital, including any impact of adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as those based on liquidity constraints or concerns; 

the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidate for which Forte may receive regulatory approval in regions where Forte chooses to commercialize its products on its own; and 

potential unforeseen business disruptions or market fluctuations that delay its product development or clinical trials and increase its costs or expenses, such as business or operational disruptions, delays, or system failures due to malware, unauthorized access, terrorism, war, natural disasters, strikes, geopolitical conflicts, restrictions on trade, import or export restrictions, or public health crises, such as the current COVID-19 outbreak. 

In June 2021, Forte filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that went effective in June 2021 which will allow Forte to raise up to 300 million in additional capital. On March 31, 2022, Forte entered into an at-the-market equity offering program ATM Facility whereby Forte may from time to time offer and sell shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of 25.0 million during the term of the ATM Facility. On April 1, 2022, Forte filed a prospectus supplement to the June 2021 Form S-3 for the offer and sale of the shares under the ATM Facility covering sales of up to 7.0 million of shares of common stock. On August 12, 2022, Forte filed an additional prospectus supplement relating to offer and sell an additional 2.7 million of shares of common stock. Forte is currently eligible to sell securities under Form S-3 only if and to the extent the aggregate market value of securities sold by Forte pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 during the twelve-month period immediately prior to, and including, the date of any such sale, does not exceed one-third of the aggregate market value of Forte s common stock held by non-affiliates (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3), and Forte will remain subject to such limitation for so long as the aggregate market value of Forte s common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of 
 17 

Form S-3). As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Forte has reached this limit and, as such, may not sell any additional securities under the ATM Facility (or otherwise under Form S-3) until such time as (i) during the preceding twelve-month period, we have not sold securities in excess of the limitation set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, or (ii) the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3). As such, while the ATM Facility remains in place, it is not currently a source of additional funding for Forte and Forte remains restricted in its ability to access additional funding from the sale of securities under Form S-3. 
 
 Forte does not have any committed external source of funds or other support for its development efforts, and Forte cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until Forte can generate sufficient product or royalty revenue to finance its cash requirements, which Forte may never do, Forte expects to finance its future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements and other marketing or distribution arrangements. If Forte raises additional funds through public or private equity offerings, the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect its stockholders rights. Further, to the extent that Forte raises additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock, each existing investors ownership interest will be diluted. If Forte raises additional capital through debt financing, Forte would be subject to fixed payment obligations and may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting its ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures, declaring dividends or acquiring or licensing intellectual property rights. If Forte raises additional capital through marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, Forte may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to its product candidate, technologies, future revenue streams or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to it. Forte also could be required to seek collaborators for one or more of its current or future product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or relinquish its rights to product candidates or technologies that Forte otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize itself. In addition, our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe, the effect of inflationary pressure on the United States capital markets, adverse developments affecting the financial services industry (such as the closure of Silicon Valley Bank in March 2023 and any similar bank closures) and otherwise. If Forte is unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to it, Forte may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of its current product candidate, FB-102, or one or more of its other current or future research and development initiatives. Any of the above events could significantly harm its business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of its common stock to decline. 
 
 Forte s ability to successfully develop any product candidate is highly uncertain. 
 
 Forte s ability to successfully develop FB-102 or any other future product candidate is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond Forte s control. Product candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for several reasons, including: 
 preclinical study or clinical study results may show the product candidate to be less effective than desired or to have harmful or problematic side effects or toxicities; 

clinical trial results may show the product candidate to be less effective than expected (e.g., a clinical trial could fail to meet its primary endpoint(s)) or to have unacceptable side effects or toxicities; 

failure to execute the clinical trials caused by slow enrollment in clinical trials, patients dropping out of clinical trials, length of time to achieve clinical trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis, inability to validate the manufacturing process or to achieve cGMP compliance for the product candidate or inability to identify a suitable bioanalytical assay method agreeable to applicable regulators; 

failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals, delays in preparation responding to an FDA request for additional clinical data or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; 

manufacturing costs, formulation issues, manufacturing deficiencies or other factors that that make FB-102 or any future product candidate uneconomical; and 

proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent FB-102 or any future product candidate from being commercialized. 

18 

The length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval of a drug product candidate for a final decision by a regulatory authority may be difficult to predict for FB-102 or any future product candidate, in large part because of its limited regulatory history. 
 
 Even if Forte is successful in obtaining market approval for a drug product, commercial success of any approved products will also depend in large part on marketing acceptance, the availability of insurance coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and managed care organizations, which may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. For example, in August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. The impact of these legislative, executive, and administrative actions and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the Biden administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a reduction in payments from private payors. Third-party payors could require Forte to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies related to the cost-effectiveness of the product, to qualify for reimbursement, which could be costly and divert its resources. If government and other healthcare payors were not to provide adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement levels for any of its drug products once approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. 
 
 In addition, if any of Forte s drug product candidates, including FB-102, are approved for marketing, Forte will be subject to significant regulatory obligations regarding the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. If approved, any of its drug products would be subject to restrictions on its products labels and other conditions of regulatory approval that may limit its ability to market its products. Forte will also need to comply (and ensure that its third-party contractors comply) with cGMPs, and Good Clinical Practice GCP ), as Forte (and its third-party contractors) will be required to comply with these requirements for the products or product candidates used in its clinical trials or post-approval studies. In addition, Forte will need to comply with GCPs for any clinical trial conducted for any therapeutic indications Forte may develop for approval. In addition, there is always the risk that Forte or a regulatory authority might identify previously unknown problems with a drug product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements and other regulatory requirements is costly and any failure to comply or other issues with its product post-approval could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Clinical development is a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. Forte may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of any product candidate. 
 
 To obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any product candidate, Forte must demonstrate through extensive clinical trials that its product candidate is safe and effective in humans for its intended use. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and implement and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. As seen with the FB-401 trial, Forte may be unable to establish clinical endpoints, dose levels and regimens or bioanalytical assay methods that applicable regulatory authorities would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the success of later clinical trials, and interim results of these studies or trials do not necessarily predict final results. Differences in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidate performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their product candidate. 
 
 Successful completion of clinical trials is a prerequisite to submitting a BLA to the FDA, and similar marketing applications to comparable foreign regulatory authorities, for each product candidate, and, consequently, the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of any product candidate. 
 19 

Forte may experience delays in initiating or completing any future clinical trials. Forte also may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, any future clinical trials that Forte could conduct that could delay or prevent its ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize its product candidate, including: 
 regulators or IRBs, or ethics committees may not authorize Forte or its investigators to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 

Forte may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and prospective CROs, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

clinical trials of any product candidate may fail to show safety, purity or potency, or produce negative or inconclusive results and Forte may decide, or regulators may require it, to conduct additional preclinical studies or clinical trials or Forte may decide to abandon product development programs; 

the number of patients required for clinical trials of any product candidate may be larger than Forte anticipates, enrollment in these clinical trials may be slower than Forte anticipates, or participants may drop out of these clinical trials or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than Forte anticipates; 

clinical trials of its product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and Forte may decide, or regulators may require it, to conduct additional clinical trials or abandon product development programs; 

regulators may require Forte to perform additional or unanticipated clinical trials to obtain approval or Forte may be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements to maintain regulatory approval; 

regulators may revise the requirements for approving its product candidates, or such requirements may not be as Forte anticipate; 

Forte s third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to it in a timely manner, or at all, or may deviate from the clinical trial protocol or drop out of the trial, which may require that Forte add new clinical trial sites or investigators; 

the cost of clinical trials of its product candidates may be more than Forte anticipates or more than its available financial resources, and Forte may need to delay or suspend one or more trials until Forte completes additional financing transactions or otherwise receives adequate funding; 

the supply or quality of Forte s product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical trials of its product candidate may be insufficient or inadequate and may not achieve compliance with applicable cGMPs; 

Forte s product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics, causing it or its investigators, regulators or IRBs or ethics committees to suspend or terminate clinical trials, or reports may arise from clinical testing of its product candidate that raise safety or efficacy concerns about its product candidate; 

clinical trials of Forte s product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, which may result in it deciding, or regulators requiring it, to conduct additional clinical trials or suspend or terminate its clinical trials; 

the FDA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or results of its clinical trials, or require Forte to submit additional data such as long-term toxicology studies or impose other requirements before permitting it to initiate a clinical trial; 

regulatory authorities may suspend or withdraw their approval of a product or impose restrictions on its distribution; 

Forte s limited experience in filing and pursuing a BLA necessary to gain regulatory approval; 

any failure to develop substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and safety, and to develop quality standards and manufacturing processes to demonstrate consistent safety, purity, identity, and/or potency standards; 

a decision by Forte, IRBs, or regulators to suspend or terminate its clinical trials for various reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements or a finding that the participants are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; 

regulatory inspections of its clinical trials, clinical trial sites or manufacturing facilities, which may, among other things, require Forte to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate its clinical trials if regulators find it not to be in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements; 

Forte s ability to produce sufficient quantities of the product candidate to complete its clinical trials; 

20 

varying interpretations of the data generated from its clinical trials; and 

changes in governmental regulations or administrative action. 

Forte could also encounter delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated for any reason. A suspension or termination may be imposed due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or its clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or other regulatory authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product or treatment, failure to establish or achieve clinically meaningful trial endpoints, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of its product candidate. Further, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may disagree with its clinical trial design and its interpretation of data from clinical trials or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for its clinical trials. 
 
 Forte s product development costs will increase if it experiences delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. Forte does not know whether any of its clinical trials will begin as planned, will need to be restructured or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays also could shorten any periods during which Forte may have the exclusive right to commercialize its product candidate and may allow its competitors to bring products to market before Forte does, potentially impairing its ability to successfully commercialize its product candidate upon approval and harming its business and results of operations. Any delays in its future clinical development programs may harm its business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 
 Forte s planned preclinical studies or future clinical trials or those of its future collaborators may reveal significant adverse events and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of its product candidates. 
 
 Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any products, Forte must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that FB-102 is both safe and effective for use in each target indication. Preclinical and clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the preclinical or clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies as well as early clinical trials of a product candidate may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. In addition, initial success in clinical trials may not be indicative of results obtained when such clinical trials are completed. There is typically an extremely high rate of attrition from the failure of product candidate proceeding through clinical trials. 
 
 Forte s FB-102 may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile. A number of companies in the healthcare industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy and/or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products and there can be no assurance that any of its future clinical trials would be successful or support further clinical development of any product candidates. 
 
 If significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of its current or potential future preclinical studies or clinical trials, Forte may have difficulty recruiting patients to its clinical trials, patients may drop out of such trials or Forte may be required to significantly redesign or terminate trials or its development efforts of one or more product candidates altogether. Forte, the FDA, or other applicable regulatory authorities or an IRB may suspend or terminate clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that patients in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the healthcare industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage clinical trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the drug from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. Any of these developments could materially harm Forte s business, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 Positive results from early preclinical studies are not necessarily predictive of the results of any future clinical trials of product candidates. Forte may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for and commercialize any product candidates. 
 
 Any positive results from its preclinical studies and clinical trials of any product candidates may not necessarily be predictive of the results from required later clinical trials. Similarly, even if Forte is able to complete preclinical development and any future 
 21 

clinical trials of FB-102 or any other product candidates according to its current development timeline, the positive results from such preclinical studies or future clinical trials may not be replicated in subsequent clinical trial results. 
 
 Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development, and Forte cannot be certain that it will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical findings, or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidate performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or similar regulatory approval. 
 Interim top-line and preliminary data from future clinical trials that Forte announces or publishes from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. 
 
 From time to time, once Forte commences future clinical trials, Forte may publish interim top-line or preliminary data from its clinical trials. Interim data from these clinical trials that Forte may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data Forte previously published. As a result, any such interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm its business prospects. 
 
 If Forte fails to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, Forte could become subject to significant fines or penalties or incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on the success of its business. 
 
 Forte is subject to numerous environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, research and development activities involve the use of biological and hazardous materials and produce hazardous waste products. Forte generally contracts with third parties for the disposal of these materials and wastes. Forte cannot eliminate the risk of contamination or injury from these materials, which could cause an interruption of its commercialization efforts, research and development efforts and business operations, environmental damage resulting in costly clean-up and liabilities under applicable laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. Although Forte believes that the safety procedures utilized by its third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by these laws and regulations, Forte cannot guarantee that this is the case or eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In such an event, Forte may be held liable for any resulting damages and such liability could exceed its resources and state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail its use of certain materials and/or interrupt its business operations. Furthermore, environmental laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent. Forte cannot predict the impact of such changes and cannot be certain of its future compliance. In addition, Forte may incur substantial costs in order to comply with current or future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These current or future laws and regulations may impair its research, development or production efforts. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations also may result in substantial fines, penalties or other sanctions. 
 
 Although Forte maintain workers compensation insurance to cover it for costs and expenses Forte may incur due to injuries to its employees resulting from the use of biological waste or hazardous materials or other work-related injuries, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. Forte does not carry specific biological waste or hazardous waste insurance coverage, workers compensation or property and casualty and general liability insurance policies that include coverage for damages and fines arising from biological or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. 
 
 The market opportunities for FB-102 may be limited and Forte s estimates of the incidence and prevalence of its target patient populations may be inaccurate. 
 
 Forte s projections of both the number of people who have the diseases Forte is targeting, as well as the subset of people with these diseases in a position to receive its therapies, if approved, are based on its beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, input from key opinion leaders, patient foundations or secondary market research databases, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases or regulatory approvals may include limitations for use or contraindications that decrease the addressable patient 
 22 

population. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for its product candidate may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with its product candidate. Even if Forte obtains significant market share for its product candidate, because certain of the potential target populations are small, Forte may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications. 
 
 Forte faces significant competition from other healthcare companies, and its operating results will suffer if Forte fails to compete effectively. 
 
 The healthcare industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Forte s competitors may be able to develop other compounds or products that are able to achieve similar or better results. Forte s potential competitors include major multinational pharmaceutical, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and universities and other research institutions. Many of its competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff, experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make any product candidate that Forte develops obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the healthcare industry may result in even more resources being concentrated amongst its competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Forte s competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing therapies that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than FB-102 or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that Forte may need for the development of potential technologies and products. Forte believes the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of its product candidate are efficacy, safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, compliance with regulatory requirements, acceptance by patients or prescribers, competitive pricing and reimbursement. 
 
 Forte anticipates competing with the largest healthcare companies in the world, many of which have greater financial, human, and manufacturing resources than Forte currently has. In addition to these fully integrated healthcare companies, Forte will also compete with those companies whose products target the same indications as FB-102 or any future product candidate Forte develops. They include pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions and other research organizations. Any treatments developed by its competitors could be superior to any product candidates Forte develops. It is possible that these competitors will succeed in developing technologies that are more effective than Forte s potential products or that would render any of Forte s product candidate obsolete or noncompetitive. Forte anticipates that it will face increased competition in the future as additional companies enter its market and scientific developments surrounding competing therapies continue to accelerate. 
 
 Even if FB-102 or any other product candidate that Forte develops receives marketing approval, it may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, consumers and others in the medical or healthcare community necessary for commercial success. 
 
 If FB-102 or any other future product candidate Forte develops receives marketing approval, it may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors, consumers and others in the medical community. If any such product candidate Forte develops does not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, Forte may not generate significant product revenues and Forte may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any of Forte s product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 efficacy, safety and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; 

the labeled uses or limitations for use, including age limitations or contraindications, for its product candidate compared to alternative treatments; 

convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; 

the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; 

public perception of new therapies; 

the strength of marketing and distribution support; 

the ability to offer its products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; 

the ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance coverage and adequate reimbursement; and 

23 

the prevalence and severity of any side effects. 

Forte s operations and financial results could be adversely impacted by the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) or other pandemics. 
 
 COVID-19, the infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus, and its variants have spread to most countries across the world, including all 50 states within the United States, resulting in the World Health Organization characterizing COVID-19 as a pandemic. While the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Forte s business and financial results is uncertain, a continued and prolonged public health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic could have a negative impact on its business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the global pandemic impacting the United States, its preclinical studies could also be slowed or delayed, or in a more severe scenario, its business, financial condition and operating results could be more severely affected. Given the dynamic nature of these circumstances, the duration of any business disruption or potential impact to Forte s business as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to predict, which may increase its costs or expenses. President Biden announced that the administration intends to end the COVID-19 national and public health emergencies on May 11, 2023. The full impact of the termination of the public health emergencies on FDA and other regulatory policies and operations are unclear. 
 
 Forte will need to grow the size of its organization, and may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 
 
 As of March 24, 2023, Forte had 6 full-time employees . As its research, development, manufacturing and commercialization plans and strategies develop to focus on the development of FB-102 and any future product candidates, and as Forte continues to transition into operating as a public company, Forte expects to need additional managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: 
 identifying, recruiting, compensating, integrating, maintaining and motivating additional employees; 

managing its internal research and development efforts effectively, including identifying clinical candidates, scaling its manufacturing process and navigating the clinical and FDA review process for its product candidate; and 

improving its operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

Forte s future financial performance and its ability to commercialize FB-102 or any future product candidate will depend, in part, on its ability to effectively manage any future growth, and its management may also have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. 
 
 Forte currently relies, and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely, in substantial part on certain organizations, advisors and consultants to provide certain services, including many aspects of regulatory affairs, clinical management and manufacturing. There can be no assurance that the services of these organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to Forte on a timely basis when needed or that Forte can find qualified replacements. In addition, if Forte is unable to effectively manage its outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, its preclinical studies and clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and Forte may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of FB-102 or any other future product candidate or otherwise advance its business. There can be no assurance that Forte will be able to manage its existing consultants or find other competent outside contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms, or at all. 
 
 If Forte is not able to effectively expand its organization by hiring new employees and expanding its groups of consultants and contractors, Forte may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize any product candidate and, accordingly, may not achieve its research, development and commercialization goals. 
 
 Forte s current operations are located in Texas, and Forte or the third parties upon whom Forte depends may be adversely affected by natural disasters or the COVID-19 outbreak or other pandemics, and its business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect Forte from a serious disaster. 
 
 Forte s current operations are located in Texas. Any unplanned event, such as flood, fire, tornado, explosion, earthquake, extreme weather condition, medical epidemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, power shortage, telecommunication failure or other natural or manmade accidents or incidents that result in it being unable to fully utilize its facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of its third-party contract manufacturers, may have a material and adverse effect on its ability to operate its business, particularly on a daily basis, and have significant negative consequences on its financial and operating conditions. Loss of access to these facilities may result in increased costs, delays in the development of its product candidate or interruption of its business operations. Any natural 
 24 

disasters could further disrupt its operations and have a material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If a natural disaster, power outage or other event occurred that prevented it from using all or a significant portion of its headquarters, that damaged critical infrastructure, such as its research facilities or the manufacturing facilities of its third-party contract manufacturers, or that otherwise disrupted operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for Forte to continue its business for a substantial period of time. As part of its risk management policy, Forte maintains insurance coverage at levels that Forte believes are appropriate for its business. However, in the event of an accident or incident at these facilities, Forte cannot assure you that the amounts of insurance will be sufficient to satisfy any damages and losses. If its facilities, or the manufacturing facilities of its third-party contract manufacturers, are unable to operate because of an accident or incident or for any other reason, even for a short period of time, any or all of its research and development programs may be harmed. Any business interruption may have a material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If Forte loses key management personnel, or if Forte fails to recruit additional highly skilled personnel, its ability to identify and develop new or next generation product candidate will be impaired, could result in loss of markets or market share and could make Forte less competitive. 
 
 Forte s ability to compete in the highly competitive healthcare industry depends upon its ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. Forte is highly dependent on its management, scientific and medical personnel, including Paul Wagner, Ph.D. The loss of the services of any of its executive officers, other key employees, and other scientific and medical advisors, and its inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm its business. 
 
 To retain valuable employees in a competitive market, in addition to salary and cash incentives, Forte has provided stock options that vest over time. The value to employees of equity awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by decreases in our stock price that are beyond our control and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. We may face challenges in retaining and recruiting such individuals due to sustained declines in our stock price that could reduce the retention value of equity awards. Despite its efforts to retain valuable employees, members of its management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with Forte on short notice. Employment of its key employees is at-will, which means that any of its employees could leave its employment at any time, with or without notice. Forte does not maintain key man insurance policies on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of its other employees. Forte s success also depends on its ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel. 
 
 Forte s internal computer systems, or those used by its CROs, CMOs or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 
 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, Forte s internal computer systems and those of its future CROs, CMOs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses and unauthorized access. While Forte has not experienced any such material system failure or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in its operations, it could result in a material disruption of its development programs and its business operations. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, its data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, Forte could incur liability and the further development and commercialization of product candidates could be delayed. 
 
 Regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, in 2016, the European Union adopted the GDPR, which became effective on May 25, 2018. The GDPR applies to any company that collects and uses personal data in connection with offering goods or services to individuals in the European Union or the monitoring of their behavior. Non-compliance with the GDPR may result in monetary penalties of up to 20 million or 4 of worldwide revenue, whichever is higher. The GDPR and other changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of personal data, such as healthcare data or other sensitive information, could greatly increase the cost of providing its product candidate, if approved, or even prevent Forte from offering any product candidate, if approved, in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 Forte s employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors acting on its behalf may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 
 Forte is exposed to the risks of employee fraud or other illegal activity by its employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors acting on its behalf. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with the laws of the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, provide true, complete and accurate 
 25 

information to the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, comply with manufacturing standards Forte has established, comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. If Forte obtains FDA approval of any product candidate and begin commercializing such product in the United States, its potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and its costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. These laws may impact, among other things, its current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. 
 
 Manufacturers of biopharmaceutical products and their facilities, vendors and suppliers are subject to continual review and periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance as well as to the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Furthermore, its manufacturing facilities must be approved by regulatory agencies before these facilities can be used to manufacture its products or product candidates, and they will also be subject to additional regulatory inspections. Any material changes Forte may make to its manufacturing process or to the components used in its products may require additional prior approval by the FDA and state or foreign regulatory authorities. Failure to comply with FDA or other applicable regulatory requirements may result in criminal prosecution, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, partial or total suspension of production or withdrawal of a product from the market. 
 
 A variety of risks associated with testing and developing a product candidate internationally could materially adversely affect Forte s business. 
 
 Forte may seek regulatory approval of its product candidate outside of the United States and, if so, Forte expects that it will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries if Forte obtains the necessary approvals, including: 
 differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries; 

unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls, import or export controls, and other regulatory requirements; 

economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; 

compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; 

foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; 

foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; 

difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; 

workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; 

potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), or comparable foreign regulations; 

challenges enforcing its contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; 

production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and 

business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war, terrorism and public health crises, such as COVID-19 and its variants. 

These and other risks associated with its international operations may materially adversely affect its ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of a product candidate in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that Forte will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the product, manufacturing, and in many cases reimbursement of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In some cases, the price that Forte intends to charge for its products is also subject to approval by regulatory authorities. If Forte fails to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or 
 26 

receive applicable marketing approvals, its target market will be reduced and its ability to realize the full market potential of a product candidate will be harmed. 
 
 Forte currently has no marketing and sales organization and has no experience in marketing products. If Forte is unable to establish marketing and sales capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell its product candidate, Forte may not be able to generate product revenue. 
 
 Forte currently has no sales, marketing or distribution capabilities and has no experience in marketing products. If and when Forte reaches the commercialization stage, Forte intends to develop an in-house marketing organization and sales force, which will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time. Forte will have to compete with other healthcare companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. 
 
 There can be no assurance that Forte would be able to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product in the United States or overseas. 
 
 Comprehensive tax reform legislation could adversely affect Forte s business and financial condition. 
 
 Recent changes to U.S. tax laws, as well as changes to U.S. tax laws that may be enacted in the future, could impact the tax treatment of Forte s business and financial condition. For example, on December 22, 2017, former President Trump signed into law the Tax Act, that significantly reforms the Code. The Tax Act, among other things, contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including changes to U.S. federal tax rates, limitation of the tax deduction for interest expense, and the modification and repeal of many business deductions and credits (including the reduction of the business tax credit for certain clinical testing expenses incurred in the testing of certain drugs for rare diseases or conditions generally referred to as orphan drugs ). The new presidential administration and Congress could make changes to existing tax law, including an increase in the corporate and other tax rates. In addition, many countries in Europe, as well as a number of other countries and organizations, have recently considered changes to existing tax law that could adversely affect Forte s financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Forte s ability to use net operating losses and research and development credits to offset future taxable income or tax liability may be subject to certain limitations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Forte has federal net operating loss carryforwards of 24.9 million, which begin expiring in 2037 and state net operating loss carryforwards of 11.6 million that begin to expire in 2037, unless utilized. These NOL carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities, respectively. In addition, in general, under Sections 382, a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change NOLs to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5 of a corporation s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a specified testing period. Forte s existing NOL carryforwards may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if Forte undergo an ownership change in connection with or after the Merger, its ability to utilize NOL carryforwards could be further limited by Section 382. In addition, future changes in its stock ownership, many of which are outside of its control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382. Forte s NOL carryforwards may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, Forte may not be able to utilize a material portion of its NOL carryforwards. Furthermore, its ability to utilize its NOL carryforwards is conditioned upon its attaining profitability and generating U.S. federal and state taxable income. As described above, Forte has incurred significant net losses since its inception and anticipates that Forte will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; and therefore, Forte does not know whether or when Forte will generate the U.S. federal or state taxable income necessary to utilize its NOL carryforwards that are subject to limitation by Sections 382. 
 
 Unstable market and economic conditions, including adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, may have serious adverse consequences on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations and stock price. 
 
 As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Forte s general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If 
 27 

the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on its growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require Forte to delay or abandon preclinical and clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of its current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect its ability to attain its operating goals on schedule and on budget. Furthermore, its stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. 
 
 In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. 
 
 Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Risks related to government regulation 
 
 Forte is very early in its development efforts. FB-102 will require significant additional preclinical and clinical development before Forte seeks regulatory approval of any product candidate. If Forte is unable to advance FB-102 to clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and ultimately commercialize a product candidate or experiences significant delays in doing so, its business will be materially harmed. 
 
 Forte is very early in its development efforts and will invest substantially all of its efforts and financial resources in the development of FB-102. Its ability to generate product revenues, which Forte does not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of a product candidate, which may never occur. Forte currently generates no revenue from sales of any products, and Forte may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. The success of FB-102 will depend on several factors, including the following: 
 successful completion of preclinical studies; 

successful enrollment in, and completion of, clinical trials; 

receipt of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities for FB-102; 

establishing cGMP-compliant clinical supply and commercial manufacturing operations or making arrangements with third-party manufacturers for clinical supply and commercial manufacturing; 

obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection or regulatory exclusivity for FB-102; 

launching commercial sales of FB-102, if and when approved or allowed for marketing, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 

acceptance of FB-102, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

obtaining and maintaining third-party insurance coverage and adequate reimbursement; 

enforcing and defending intellectual property rights and claims; 

28 

the marketing of FB-102; and 

maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of FB-102 following approval or commercialization. 

If Forte does not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, Forte could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize FB-102, which would materially harm its business. If Forte does not receive regulatory approvals for FB-102, it may not be able to continue its operations. 
 
 Changes in the legal and regulatory environment could limit Forte s future business activities, increase its operating or regulatory costs, reduce demand for product candidates or result in litigation. 
 
 The conduct of Forte s business, including the development, testing, production, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, health and safety practices are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies outside the United States in markets in which its products candidates and components thereof (such as packaging) may be manufactured or sold. 
 
 These laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic or social events. Such changes may include changes in: 
 FDA regulations; 

laws related to product candidate labeling; 

advertising and marketing laws and practices; 

laws and programs restricting the sale and advertising of certain products; 

increased regulatory scrutiny of, and increased litigation involving, product claims and concerns regarding the actual or possible effects or side effects of its product candidate; and 

state and federal consumer protection and disclosure laws. 

New laws, regulations or governmental policy and their related interpretations, or changes in any of the foregoing, may alter the environment in which Forte does business and, therefore, may impact its operating results or increase its costs or liabilities 
 
 Inadequate funding for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies, or disruptions in their staffing levels related to the COVID-19 global pandemic, could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the approval of Forte s product candidates rely, which would negatively impact its business. 
 
 The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which its operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect its business. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. In response to the COVID-19 public health emergency, since March 2020 when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections on a prioritized basis. In 2020 and 2021, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. While the FDA has largely caught up with domestic preapproval inspections, it continues to work through its backlog of foreign inspections. However, the FDA may not be able to continue its current inspection pace, and review timelines could be extended, including where a pre-approval inspection or an inspection of clinical sites is required and due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and travel restrictions, the FDA is unable to complete such required inspections during the review period. If a prolonged government shutdown or other disruption occurs, including due to travel restrictions, foreign COVID-19-related policies, staffing 
 29 

shortages, or if global health or other concerns continue to prevent the FDA or other regulatory authorities from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities in a timely manner, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process its regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, including its ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue its operations. 
 
 Forte s relationships with healthcare providers, including physicians and clinical investigators, CROs, and third-party payors in connection with its current and future business activities may be subject to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws, which could expose Forte to significant losses, including, among other things, criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm, exclusion from federal health care programs, administrative burdens, and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufactures to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act, which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which such companies sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In particular, the research, promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations laws that may affect Forte s ability to operate include, but are not limited to: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute can constitute a false or fraudulent claim under the False Claims Act FCA ). The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and a referral source on the other, including prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection; 

federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to, or approval by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs, knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim or an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government, or knowingly concealing or knowingly and improperly avoiding or decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 

HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 

HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general 

30 

new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, which require applicable manufacturers of certain drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the United States Department of Health and Human Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to covered recipients, including U.S. physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) , certain non-physician healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, among others), and teaching hospitals, as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, and may be broader in scope than their federal equivalents; state and foreign laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; state and foreign laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; and state and foreign laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and 

GDPR and other ex-U.S. protections. 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well as responding to possible investigations or inquiries by government authorities, can be time- and resource-consuming and can divert a company s attention from the business. 
 
 The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects entities to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, possible exclusion from participation in federal and state funded healthcare programs, contractual damages and the curtailment or restricting of its operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if Forte becomes subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Any action for violation of these laws, even if successfully defended, could cause a pharmaceutical manufacturer to incur significant legal expenses and divert management s attention from the operation of the business. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of future marketed products could materially affect business in an adverse way. 
 
 Forte maintains a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions Forte takes to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting Forte from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that its business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that its business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and Forte is not successful in defending ourselves or asserting its rights, those actions could have a significant impact on its business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of its operations, any of which could adversely affect its ability to operate its business and its results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of its product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject Forte to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. 
 31 

Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of any of its product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that Forte will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval for its product candidate in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval does not guarantee that Forte will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that Forte intends to charge for its products may also be subject to approval. 
 
 Forte may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of a product candidate with which Forte must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for Forte and could delay or prevent the introduction of its products in certain countries. If Forte fails to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, its target market will be reduced and its ability to realize the full market potential of its product candidate will be harmed. 
 
 Preclinical and clinical development is uncertain. Forte s preclinical studies and clinical trials may experience delays or may never advance to the next stage of development, which would adversely affect its ability to obtain regulatory approvals to commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all, which would have an adverse effect on its business. 
 
 To proceed with its development plans and ultimately commercialization of FB-102, Forte will be required to conduct preclinical studies and clinical trials. Forte cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of its preclinical testing and studies and cannot predict if the FDA or other regulatory authorities will accept its proposed clinical programs, including the design, dose level, and dose regimen, or if the outcome of its preclinical testing and studies will ultimately support the development of its clinical programs. 
 
 If Forte is not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for any product candidates it may develop, Forte will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, such product candidates, and its ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 
 
 Any product candidate Forte may develop and the activities associated with the development and commercialization of such product candidate, including its design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import and export are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Before Forte can commercialize any product candidate, Forte must obtain marketing approval. Forte has never received approval to market any product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that no product candidates will ever obtain regulatory approval. Forte, as a company, has no experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expects to rely on third-party CROs and/or regulatory consultants to assist it in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the drug candidate s safety, efficacy, purity, and potency. 
 
 Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the drug manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Any product candidate Forte develops may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude it from obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. 
 
 The process of obtaining regulatory approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate involved. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted IND/BLA, or equivalent application types, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities 
 32 

in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that its data are insufficient for approval and require additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Any product candidate Forte seeks to develop could be delayed in receiving, or fail to receive, regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: 
 the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design, including study population, dose level, dose regimen, endpoint measure of efficacy, and bioanalytical assay methods, or implementation of its clinical trials; 

Forte may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that its product candidate is safe and effective for its proposed indication; 

the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; 

Forte may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with its interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; 

the data collected from clinical trials of its product candidate may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which Forte contracts for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering its clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Of the large number of biopharmaceutical products in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. The lengthy approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results may result in Forte failing to obtain regulatory approval to market its product candidate, which would significantly harm its business, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The FDA may also require a panel of experts, referred to as an Advisory Committee, to deliberate on the adequacy of the safety and efficacy data to support approval. The opinion of the Advisory Committee, although not binding, may have a significant impact on its ability to obtain approval of any product candidate that Forte develops based on the completed clinical trials. 
 In addition, even if Forte were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve its product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than Forte requests, may include limitations for use or contraindications that limit the suitable patient population, may not approve the price Forte intends to charge for its products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the commercial prospects for any product candidate Forte develops. 
 
 If Forte experiences delays in obtaining approval or if Forte fails to obtain approval of any product candidate it seeks to develop, the commercial prospects for such product candidate may be harmed, and its ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. 
 
 Forte s product candidate, FB-102, or any future product candidate Forte develops, may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. 
 
 Undesirable side effects caused by any of its product candidates could cause Forte to interrupt, delay or halt preclinical studies or could cause Forte or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive clinical label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities for its product candidate. Results of its clinical studies or trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of side effects. In such an event, its clinical studies or trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order Forte to cease further development of or deny approval of its product candidate for any or all targeted indications. Additionally, its regulators could require significant modifications or amendments to ongoing clinical studies or trials that limit the available study population or lead to withdrawal of participation by already enrolled subjects. Any treatment-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the study or trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may harm Forte s business, financial condition and prospects significantly. 
 33 

Further, clinical studies or trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of its product candidate may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If its product candidate receives marketing approval and Forte or others identify undesirable side effects caused by such product candidate (or any other similar drugs) after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such product candidate; 

regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning or a contraindication; 

Forte may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; 

Forte may be required to change the way such product candidate is distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product candidate; 

regulatory authorities may require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS ), plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools; 

Forte may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 

Forte may decide to remove such product candidate from the marketplace; 

Forte could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or using its product candidate; and 

Forte s reputation may suffer. 

Forte believes that any of these events could prevent it from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidate and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing its product candidate, if approved, and significantly impact its ability to successfully commercialize its product candidate and generate revenues. 
 
 Even if Forte receives regulatory approval of any product candidate, Forte will be subject to ongoing regulatory compliance obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, if Forte fails to comply with regulatory requirements or experiences unanticipated problems with its product candidate, if approved, Forte could be subject to labeling and other restrictions, market withdrawal, and penalties. 
 
 If FB-102 or any other product candidate Forte develops is approved, it will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, export, import, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, Forte will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that Forte conducts post-approval. 
 
 Manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, Forte and its contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any NDA, other marketing application, and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, Forte and others with whom Forte works must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. 
 
 The FDA has significant post-marketing authority, including, for example, the authority to require labeling changes based on new safety information and to require post-marketing studies or clinical trials to evaluate serious safety risks related to the use of a drug. Any regulatory approvals that Forte receives for a product candidate may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of any product candidate Forte develops, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves a product candidate, Forte will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. 
 34 

The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with any product candidate Forte develops, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with its third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of its products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

fines, warning or untitled enforcement letters or holds on clinical trials; 

refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by Forte or suspension or revocation of license approvals; 

product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export any product candidate; and 

injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label or other regulatory marketing pathway. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. However, physicians may, in their independent medical judgment, prescribe legally available products for off-label uses. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments but the FDA does restrict manufacturer s communications on the subject of off-label use of their products. In addition, the policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of any product candidate Forte develops. If Forte is slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if Forte is not able to maintain regulatory compliance, Forte may lose any marketing approval that Forte may have obtained which would adversely affect its business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 The policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of any product candidate Forte develops. The government may also implement additional measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Forte also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. To the extent any legislative, administrative, or executive actions impose constraints on the FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, its business may be negatively impacted. In addition, if Forte is slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if Forte is not able to maintain regulatory compliance, Forte may lose any marketing approval that Forte may have obtained, and Forte may not achieve or sustain profitability. 
 Non-compliance by Forte or any future collaborator with regulatory requirements, including safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance requirements, can also result in significant financial penalties. 
 
 Forte s business activities may be subject to the FCPA and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of other countries in which Forte operates, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations. Compliance with these legal requirements could limit its ability to compete in foreign markets and subject it to liability if Forte violates them. 
 
 If Forte expand its operations outside of the United States, Forte must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which Forte plans to operate. The FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 
 35 

Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. 
 
 Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. If Forte expands its presence outside of the United States, it will require Forte to dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude Forte from developing, manufacturing, or selling any product candidates, if approved, outside of the United States, which could limit its growth potential and increase its development costs. 
 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA s accounting provisions. 
 
 Additionally, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. Forte has direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. Forte also expects its non-U.S. activities to increase in time. Forte plans to engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals and Forte can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of its personnel, agents, or partners, even if Forte do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such activities. 
 
 Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the export of any of Forte s current and future approved products may create delays in the introduction of its products in international markets or, in some cases, prevent the export of its products to some countries altogether. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. If Forte fails to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Moreover, any new export or import restrictions, new legislation or shifting approaches in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or in the countries, persons, or products targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of its products by, or in its decreased ability to export its approved products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Any decreased use of its approved products or limitation on its ability to export or sell its products would likely adversely affect Forte s business. 
 Risks related to Forte s intellectual property 
 
 If Forte is unable to obtain and maintain patent protection for any product candidate Forte develops, its competitors could develop and commercialize products or technology similar or identical to Forte s, and its ability to successfully commercialize any product candidate Forte may develop, and its technology, may be adversely affected. 
 
 Forte s success depends in large part on its ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to any product candidate and other technologies Forte may develop. Given that the development of its technology is at an early stage, its intellectual property portfolio with respect to certain aspects of its technology and any product candidates is also at an early stage. Forte has filed and intends to file patent applications on these aspects of its technology and any product candidates; however, there can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents. 
 
 Composition of matter patents for biological and pharmaceutical products are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for those types of products, as such patents provide protection without regard to any method of use. Forte cannot be certain, however, that the claims in its future patent applications covering the composition of matter of any product candidates will be considered patentable by the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), or by patent offices in foreign 
 36 

countries, or that the claims in any of its issued patents will be considered valid and enforceable by courts in the United States or foreign countries. 
 
 Furthermore, in some cases, Forte may not be able to obtain issued claims covering compositions of matter relating to any product candidates it develops and instead may need to rely on filing patent applications with claims covering a method of use and/or method of manufacture. Method of use patents protect the use of a product for the specified method. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to any product Forte develops for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their products for its targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label for those uses that are covered by its method of use patents. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to the infringement of method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. There can be no assurance that any such patent applications will issue as granted patents, and even if they do issue, such patent claims may be insufficient to prevent third parties, such as Forte s competitors, from utilizing its technology. Any failure to obtain or maintain patent protection with respect to any product candidate Forte develops could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 If the scope of any patent protection Forte obtains is not sufficiently broad, or if Forte loses any future patent protection, its ability to prevent its competitors from commercializing similar or identical technology and product candidates would be adversely affected. 
 
 The patent position of healthcare companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of any future patent rights are highly uncertain. Forte s future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect any product candidates Forte develops, or other technologies or which effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and product candidates. 
 
 No consistent policy regarding the scope of claims allowable in patents in the biotechnology field has emerged in the United States. The patent situation outside of the United States is even more uncertain. Changes in either the patent laws or their interpretation in the United States and other countries may diminish Forte s ability to protect its inventions and enforce its intellectual property rights, and more generally could affect the value of its intellectual property. In particular, its ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell, or importing products that infringe its intellectual property will depend in part on its success in obtaining and enforcing patent claims that cover its technology, inventions and improvements. With respect to company-owned intellectual property, Forte cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any patent applications filed by it in the future, nor can Forte be sure any patents that may be granted to Forte in the future will be commercially useful in protecting its products and the methods used to manufacture those products. Moreover, even any patents that may issue to Forte do not guarantee Forte the right to practice its technology in relation to the commercialization of its products. The area of patent and other intellectual property rights in biotechnology is an evolving one with many risks and uncertainties, and third parties may have blocking patents that could be used to prevent Forte from commercializing any future product candidates. Any patents that may issue to Forte in the future may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit its ability to stop competitors from marketing related products or limit the length of the term of patent protection that Forte may have for any product candidate it develops. In addition, the rights granted under any patents that may issue to Forte may not provide Forte with protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, its competitors may independently develop similar technologies. For these reasons, Forte may have competition for any product candidate it develops. Moreover, because of the extensive time required for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any particular product candidate can be commercialized, any related patent that may issue to Forte may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization, thereby reducing any advantage of the patent. 
 
 Any patents that Forte may own in the future may be challenged, narrowed, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. Consequently, Forte does not know whether any product candidate or other technologies it develops will be protectable or remain protected by valid and enforceable patents. Forte s competitors or other third parties may be able to circumvent Forte s future patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a non-infringing manner which could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity, or enforceability, and patents that Forte may obtain may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the United States and abroad. Forte may be subject to a third party preissuance submission of prior art to the USPTO or to foreign patent authorities or become involved in opposition, derivation, 
 37 

revocation, reexamination, post-grant and inter partes review, or interference proceedings or other similar proceedings challenging future patent rights. An adverse determination in any such submission, proceeding or litigation could reduce the scope of, or invalidate or render unenforceable, Forte s future patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize any product candidates Forte develops or other technologies, and compete directly with Forte, without payment to Forte, or result in Forte s inability to manufacture or commercialize products without infringing third-party patent rights. Moreover, Forte may have to participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO to determine priority of invention or in post-grant challenge proceedings, such as oppositions in a foreign patent office, that challenge its priority of invention or other features of patentability with respect to any future owned patents and patent applications. Such challenges may result in loss of patent rights, loss of exclusivity, or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit its ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of any product candidates Forte develops. Such proceedings also may result in substantial cost and require significant time from its scientists and management, even if the eventual outcome is favorable to us. 
 
 In addition, given the amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of future product candidates, Forte s future patents protecting such a product candidate might expire before or shortly after any such product candidate is approved and commercialized. As a result, its intellectual property may not provide Forte with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 
 Forte may in the future co-own patent rights relating to future product candidates with third parties. Forte may need the cooperation of any such co-owners of its patent rights in order to enforce such patent rights against third parties, and such cooperation may not be provided to us. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on its competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 Forte s rights to develop and commercialize any future product candidates may be subject, in part, to the terms and conditions of future licenses granted to it by others. 
 
 Forte may rely upon licenses to certain patent rights and proprietary technology from third parties that are important or necessary to the development of any product candidate Forte develops. Patent rights that Forte in-license in the future may be subject to a reservation of rights by one or more third parties. As a result, any such third parties may have certain rights to such intellectual property. 
 
 In addition, subject to the terms of any such license agreements, Forte may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance, and Forte may not have the right to control the enforcement, and defense of patents and patent applications covering the technology that Forte licenses from third parties. Forte cannot be certain that its in-licensed patent applications (and any patents issuing therefrom) that are controlled by its licensors will be prepared, filed, prosecuted, maintained, enforced, and defended in a manner consistent with the best interests of its business. If its licensors fail to prosecute, maintain, enforce, and defend such patents rights, or lose rights to those patent applications (or any patents issuing therefrom), the rights Forte has licensed may be reduced or eliminated, its right to develop and commercialize any of its product candidates that are subject of such licensed rights could be adversely affected, and Forte may not be able to prevent competitors from making, using and selling competing products. Moreover, Forte cannot be certain that such activities by its potential future licensors will be conducted in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents or other intellectual property rights. In addition, even where Forte may have the right to control patent prosecution of patents and patent applications that Forte may license to and from third parties, Forte may still be adversely affected or prejudiced by actions or inactions of its potential future licensees, licensors and their counsel that took place prior to the date of assumption of control over patent prosecution. 
 
 If Forte fails to comply with its obligations in agreements under which we option or license intellectual property rights from future collaborators or licensors or otherwise experience disruptions to our business relationships with future collaborators or licensors, we could lose intellectual property rights that are important to our business. 
 
 Forte may enter into agreements with future collaborators that impose various economic, development, diligence, commercialization, and other obligations on us. Such collaboration agreements may also require us to meet development timelines, or to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize licensed products. Our future collaborators might conclude that we have materially breached our obligations under such agreements and might therefore terminate or seek damages under the agreements, thereby removing or limiting our ability to develop and commercialize products and technology covered by these agreements. Termination of these agreements could cause Forte to lose the rights to certain patents or other intellectual property, or the underlying patents could fail to provide the intended exclusivity, and competitors or other third parties may have the freedom to seek 
 38 

regulatory approval of, and to market, products similar to or identical to ours and we may be required to cease our development and commercialization of certain of our product candidates. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Moreover, disputes may arise regarding intellectual property subject to a collaboration agreement, including: 
 the scope of the option or license rights granted under the agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent to which our technology and processes infringe on intellectual property of the collaborator that is not subject to the option or license rights granted under the agreement; 

the sublicensing of patent and other rights under our collaborative development relationships; 

Forte s diligence obligations under the agreement and what activities satisfy those diligence obligations; 

the inventorship and ownership of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of intellectual property by our collaborators and us and our other partners; and 

the priority of invention of patented technology. 

Forte may enter into agreements to option or license intellectual property or technology from third parties that are complex, and certain provisions in such agreements may be susceptible to multiple interpretations. The resolution of any contract interpretation disagreement that may arise could narrow what we believe to be the scope of our rights to the relevant intellectual property or technology, or increase what we believe to be our financial or other obligations under the relevant agreement, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Moreover, if disputes over intellectual property that Forte has optioned or licensed prevent or impair our ability to maintain such arrangements on commercially acceptable terms, we may be unable to successfully develop and commercialize the affected product candidates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and growth prospects. 
 
 Forte may not be able to protect its intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates Forte develops and other technologies in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and the laws of foreign countries may not protect its rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Consequently, Forte may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing its inventions in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using its inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use its technologies in jurisdictions where Forte has not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where Forte has patent protection but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with Forte s products, and Forte s patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology products, which could make it difficult for Forte to stop the infringement of its patents or marketing of competing products in violation of its intellectual property and proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce its intellectual property and proprietary rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert its efforts and attention from other aspects of its business, could put its patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put its patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. Forte may not prevail in any lawsuits that it initiates, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, its efforts to enforce its intellectual property and proprietary rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that Forte develops or licenses. 
 
 Many countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of such patent. If Forte is forced to 
 39 

grant a license to third parties with respect to any future patents relevant to its business, its competitive position may be impaired, and its business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining Forte s patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by government patent agencies, and its patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees, and various other government fees on patents and applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various government patent agencies outside of the United States over the lifetime of its owned patents and applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S. government agencies require compliance with several procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In some cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. There are situations, however, in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in a partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, potential competitors might be able to enter the market with similar or identical products or technology, which could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing Forte s ability to protect any products it develops. 
 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. Assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, prior to March 2013, in the United States, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. After March 2013, under the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, enacted in September 2011, the United States transitioned to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed invention. A third party that files a patent application in the USPTO after March 2013, but before Forte could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if Forte had made the invention before it was made by such third party. This will require Forte to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, Forte cannot be certain that it is the first to file any patent application related to any product candidates it develops or other technologies. 
 
 The America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate Forte s patent claims that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of Forte s owned future patent applications and the enforcement or defense of its owned future issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of biologics and pharmaceuticals are particularly uncertain. Recent U.S. Supreme Court rulings have narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. This combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the validity and enforceability of patents, once obtained. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on Forte s future patent portfolio and its ability to protect and enforce its intellectual property in the future. 
 
 Forte's future issued patents covering product candidates Forte develops could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged in court or before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad. 
 
 40 

In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may raise claims challenging the validity or enforceability of Forte s owned patents before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include re-examination, post-grant review, inter partes review, interference proceedings, derivation proceedings, and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions (e.g., opposition proceedings). Such proceedings could result in the revocation of, cancellation of, or amendment to Forte s future patents in such a way that they no longer cover its product candidate or other technologies. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable. With respect to the validity question, for example, Forte cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which Forte and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. If a third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, Forte would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on any product candidates it develops or other technologies. Such a loss of patent protection would have a material adverse impact on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our products and services for an adequate amount of time. 
 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States and abroad, if all maintenance fees/annuity fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest non-provisional filing date. The protection a patent affords is limited. Even if patents covering Forte s products are obtained, once the patent life has expired, Forte may be open to competition from competitive products. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new products, patents protecting such products might expire before or shortly after such products are commercialized. As a result, Forte s future owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 
 If Forte does not obtain patent term extension and/or data exclusivity for any product candidate that Forte may develop, its business may be materially harmed. 
 
 Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of any FDA marketing approval of any product candidate Forte may develop, one or more of its future owned U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent term extension of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. A patent term extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date of product approval, only one patent may be extended and only those claims covering the approved drug, a method for using it, or a method for manufacturing it may be extended. Similar extensions as compensation for patent term lost during regulatory review processes are also available in certain foreign countries and territories, such as in Europe under a Supplementary Patent Certificate. However, Forte may not be granted an extension in the United States and/or foreign countries and territories because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant future patents, or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than Forte requests. If Forte is unable to obtain patent term extension or the term of any such extension is shorter than what Forte requests, its competitors may obtain approval of competing products following its patent expiration, and its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially harmed. 
 
 Forte may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of its patents and other intellectual property. 
 
 Forte may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in its owned patent rights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. For example, Forte may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing its product candidate or other technologies. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these and other claims challenging inventorship or its ownership of its owned patent rights, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If Forte fails in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, Forte may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is important to its product candidate and other technologies. Even if Forte is successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If Forte is unable to protect the confidentiality of its trade secrets, its business and competitive position would be harmed. 
 
 41 

In addition to seeking patents for its product candidate and other technologies, Forte also relies on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect its unpatented know-how, technology, and other proprietary information and to maintain its competitive position. Trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. Forte expects its trade secrets and know-how to over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology, and the movement of personnel from academic to industry scientific positions. 
 
 Forte currently, and may in the future continue to, relies on third parties to assist it in developing and manufacturing its product candidates. Accordingly, Forte must, at times, share know-how and trade secrets with them. Forte may in the future also enter into research and development collaborations with third parties that may require it to share know-how and trade secrets under the terms of its research and development partnerships or similar agreements. Forte seeks to protect its know-how, trade secrets and other proprietary technology, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements, and including in its vendor and service agreements terms protecting its confidential information, know-how and trade secrets, with parties who have access to such information, such as its employees, scientific collaborators, CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. Forte also enters into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment agreements with its employees and consultants as well as trains its employees not to bring or use proprietary information or technology from former employers to Forte or in their work, and Forte reminds former employees when they leave their employment of their confidentiality obligations. However, Forte cannot guarantee that Forte has entered into such agreements with each party that may have or have had access to its trade secrets or proprietary technology and processes. Forte also seeks to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of its data and other confidential information by maintaining physical security of its premises and physical and electronic security of its information technology systems. 
 
 Despite Forte s efforts, any of the aforementioned parties may breach the agreements and disclose Forte s proprietary information, including its trade secrets, or there may be a lapses or failures in its physical and electronic security systems which lead to its proprietary information being disclosed, and Forte may not be able to obtain adequate remedies in the event of any such breaches. Monitoring unauthorized uses and disclosures is difficult, and Forte does not know whether the steps it has taken to protect its proprietary technologies will be effective. If any of its scientific advisors, employees, contractors and consultants who are parties to these agreements breaches or violates the terms of any of these agreements, Forte may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and Forte could lose its trade secrets as a result. Moreover, if confidential information that is licensed or disclosed to Forte by its partners, collaborators, or others is inadvertently disclosed or subject to a breach or violation, Forte may be exposed to liability to the owner of that confidential information. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of its trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, Forte would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any of its trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, Forte s competitive position would be materially and adversely harmed. 
 
 Forte may be subject to claims that its employees, consultants, or advisors have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their current or former employers or claims asserting ownership of what Forte regards as its own intellectual property. 
 
 Many of Forte s employees, consultants, and advisors are currently or were previously employed at universities or other healthcare companies, including its competitors and potential competitors. Although Forte tries to ensure that its employees, consultants, and advisors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for Forte, Forte may be subject to claims that Forte or these individuals have used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any such individual s current or former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If Forte fails in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, Forte may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if Forte is successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 
 In addition, while it is Forte s policy to require its employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to Forte, Forte may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that Forte regards as its own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and Forte may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what Forte regards as its intellectual property. Such claims could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 42 

Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other violation against Forte or its collaborators may prevent or delay the development and commercialization of any product candidates Forte develops and other technologies. 
 
 The field of therapeutics targeting autoimmune diseases is competitive and dynamic. Due to the focused research and development that is taking place by several companies, including Forte and its competitors, in this field, the intellectual property landscape is in flux, and it may remain uncertain in the future. As such, there may be significant intellectual property related litigation and proceedings relating to Forte s owned, and other third party, intellectual property and proprietary rights in the future. 
 
 Forte s commercial success depends in part on its and its collaborators ability to avoid infringing, misappropriating and otherwise violating the patents and other intellectual property rights of third parties. There is a substantial amount of complex litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including interference, derivation and reexamination proceedings before the USPTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. As discussed above, recently, due to changes in U.S. law referred to as patent reform, new procedures including inter partes review and post-grant review have been implemented. As stated above, this reform adds uncertainty to the possibility of challenge to Forte s future patents. 
 
 Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist relating to autoimmune technologies and in the fields in which Forte is developing its product candidate. As the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries expand and more patents are issued, the risk increases that its product candidate and other technologies may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. Forte cannot assure you that its product candidate and other technologies that Forte has developed, are developing or may develop in the future will not infringe existing or future patents owned by third parties. Forte may not be aware of patents that have already been issued and that a third party, for example, a competitor in the fields in which Forte is developing its product candidate and other technologies, might assert infringement by future Forte product candidates or other technologies, including claims to compositions, formulations, methods of manufacture or methods of use or treatment that cover future Forte product candidates or other technologies. It is also possible that patents owned by third parties of which Forte is aware, but which Forte does not believe Forte infringes or that Forte believes Forte has valid defenses to any claims of patent infringement, could be found to be infringed by Forte. It is not unusual that corresponding patents issued in different countries have different scopes of coverage, such that in one country a third party patent does not pose a material risk, but in another country, the corresponding third party patent may pose a material risk to Forte s product candidates. As such, we monitor third party patents in the fields in which Forte is developing its product candidate. In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents that future Forte product candidates or other technologies may infringe. Forte cannot provide any assurances that third-party patents do not exist which might be enforced against its current technology, manufacturing methods, product candidates, or future methods or products resulting in either an injunction prohibiting its manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to its future sales, an obligation on its part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. 
 
 Forte may identify third party patents in which it will determine that the best course of action is to challenge the validity of such third party patents in a post-grant proceeding at the USPTO, such as in a reexamination, or a post-grant and inter partes review. Such third party patents may have claims broadly covering autoimmune technologies in which Forte is developing its product candidate. Forte recently identified U.S. Patent No. 11,278,505, owned by the University of Massachusetts, which claims broad field of autoimmune technologies. Forte filed a petition for post grant review of U.S. Patent No. 11,278,505, owned by the University of Massachusetts, at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) on December 22, 2022. The PTAB is expected to issue a decision about whether to institute review by about July 11, 2023. If the PTAB decides to institute review, the PTAB is expected to issue a decision regarding the patentability of the challenged patent by about July 11, 2024. The outcome of such post-grant proceedings is uncertain and if the USPTO upholds the validity of this third party patent, it could have an adverse impact on Forte s ability to commercialize its future products, including either an injunction prohibiting its manufacture or future sales, or, with respect to its future sales, an obligation on its part to pay royalties and/or other forms of compensation to third parties, which could be significant. Regardless of outcome, challenging the validity of third party patents can have an adverse impact on us due to legal fees and expenses, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. 
 
 Third parties may have patents or obtain patents in the future and claim that the manufacture, use or sale of Forte s product candidates or other technologies infringes upon these patents. In the event that any third-party claims that Forte infringes their patents or that Forte is otherwise employing their proprietary technology without authorization and initiates litigation against us, even if Forte believes such claims are without merit, a court of competent jurisdiction could hold that such patents are valid, enforceable and 
 43 

infringed by Forte s product candidates or other technologies. In this case, the holders of such patents may be able to block Forte s ability to commercialize the applicable product candidate or technology unless Forte obtains a license under the applicable patents, or until such patents expire or are finally determined to be held invalid or unenforceable. Such a license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if Forte is able to obtain a license, the license would likely obligate Forte to pay license fees or royalties or both, and the rights granted to Forte might be non-exclusive, which could result in its competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. If Forte is unable to obtain a necessary license to a third-party patent on commercially reasonable terms, Forte may be unable to commercialize its product candidates or other technologies, or such commercialization efforts may be significantly delayed, which could in turn significantly harm Forte s business. 
 
 Defense of infringement claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and other employee resources from Forte s business, and may impact its reputation. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against Forte, Forte may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing its infringing product candidate or other technologies. In addition, Forte may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages and attorneys fees for willful infringement, obtain one or more licenses from third parties, pay royalties and/or redesign its infringing product candidate or technologies, which may be impossible or require substantial time and monetary expenditure. In that event, Forte would be unable to further develop and commercialize any future product candidate or other technologies, which could harm its business significantly. 
 
 Engaging in litigation to defend against third parties alleging that Forte has infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their patents or other intellectual property rights is very expensive, particularly for a company of its size, and time-consuming. Some of its competitors may be able to sustain the costs of litigation or administrative proceedings more effectively than Forte can because of greater financial resources. Patent litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings against Forte could impair its ability to compete in the marketplace. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Forte may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents and other intellectual property rights, which could be expensive, time-consuming, and unsuccessful. 
 
 Competitors may infringe Forte s future patents, or Forte may be required to defend against claims of infringement. In addition, its patents also may become involved in inventorship, priority or validity disputes. To counter or defend against such claims can be expensive and time-consuming. In an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a future patent owned by Forte is invalid or unenforceable, the other party s use of its patented technology falls under the safe harbor to patent infringement under 35 U.S.C. 271(e)(1), or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that its owned future patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of its owned future patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Even if Forte establishes infringement, the court may decide not to grant an injunction against further infringing activity and instead award only monetary damages, which may or may not be an adequate remedy. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of Forte s confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 
 Even if resolved in Forte s favor, litigation or other legal proceedings relating to intellectual property claims may cause Forte to incur significant expenses and could distract its personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of Forte s common stock. Such litigation or proceedings could substantially increase its operating losses and reduce the resources available for development activities or any future sales, marketing, or distribution activities. Forte may not have sufficient financial or other resources to conduct such litigation or proceedings adequately. Some of its competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than Forte can because of their greater financial resources and more mature and developed intellectual property portfolios. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on Forte s ability to compete in the marketplace. 
 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 44 

The degree of future protection afforded by Forte s intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect its business or permit Forte to maintain its competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to Forte s product candidate or utilize similar technology but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that Forte may own; 

Forte, or its current or future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that Forte may own in the future; 

Forte, or its current or future licensors or collaborators, might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of its or their inventions; 

others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of Forte s technologies without infringing Forte s owned intellectual property rights; 

it is possible that Forte s future pending owned patent applications will not lead to issued patents; 

future issued patents that Forte holds rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by its competitors or other third parties; 

Forte s competitors or other third parties might conduct research and development activities in countries where Forte does not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in its major commercial markets; 

Forte may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 

the patents of others may harm Forte s business; and 

Forte may choose not to file a patent in order to maintain certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may subsequently file a patent covering such intellectual property. 

Should any of these events occur, they could have a material adverse effect on Forte s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Risks related to Forte s reliance on third parties 
 
 We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical studies, and plan to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of such trials, research and studies. 
 
 We plan to utilize and depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as medical institutions, CROs, contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs), and strategic partners to conduct and support our preclinical studies under agreements with us and plan to continue to do so for our future clinical trials. These third parties have had and will continue to have a significant role in the conduct of our preclinical studies and planned clinical trials and the subsequent collection and analysis of data. 
 
 These third parties are not our employees, and except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we have limited ability to control the amount or timing of resources that any such third party will devote to our preclinical studies or our planned clinical trials. The third parties we rely on for these services may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other drug development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. Some of these third parties may terminate their engagements with us at any time. We also expect to have to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs, clinical trial sites and CMOs and we may not be able to do so on favorable terms, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. If we need to enter into alternative arrangements with, or replace or add any third parties, it would involve substantial cost and require extensive management time and focus, or involve a transition period, and may delay our drug development activities, as well as materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. 
 
 Our heavy reliance on these third parties for such drug development activities will reduce our control over these activities. As a result, we will have less direct control over the conduct, timing and completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials and the management of data developed through preclinical studies and clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies and trials is conducted in accordance with 
 45 

applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. For example, we will remain responsible for ensuring that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with the general investigational plan and protocols for the trial. Moreover, the FDA requires us to comply with GCP standards, regulations for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to assure that data and reported results are reliable and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of trial participants are protected. The EMA also requires us to comply with similar standards. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA, EMA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. There can be no assurance that upon inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our clinical trials substantially comply with GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under current cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients, may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. 
 
 If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, or if these third parties need to be replaced, we will not be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, marketing approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. 
 
 We plan to contract with third parties for the manufacture of our product candidates for preclinical studies and expect to continue to do so for additional preclinical studies, clinical trials and ultimately for commercialization. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quality and quantities of our product candidates or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 We do not currently have the infrastructure or internal capability to manufacture supplies of our product candidates for use in development and commercialization. We plan to rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party manufacturers for the production of our product candidates for preclinical studies and clinical trials under the guidance of members of our organization. We do not have long-term supply agreements, and we purchase our required drug product on a purchase order basis, which means that aside from any binding purchase orders we have from time to time, our supplier could cease supplying to us or change the terms on which it is willing to continue supplying to us at any time. If we were to experience an unexpected loss of supply of any of our product candidates for any reason, whether as a result of manufacturing, supply or storage issues or otherwise, we could experience delays, disruptions, suspensions or terminations of, or be required to restart or repeat, any pending or ongoing preclinical studies or clinical trials. 
 
 We expect to continue to rely on third-party manufacturers for the commercial supply of any of our product candidates for which we obtain marketing approval. We may be unable to maintain or establish required agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 the failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidates according to our schedule and specifications, or at all, including if our third-party contractors give greater priority to the supply of other products over our product candidates or otherwise do not satisfactorily perform according to the terms of the agreements between us and them; 

the reduction or termination of production or deliveries by suppliers, or the raising or prices or renegotiation of terms; 

the termination or nonrenewal of arrangements or agreements by our third-party contractors at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us; 

the breach by the third-party contractors of our agreements with them; 

the failure of third-party contractors to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, including cGMPs; 

the breach by the third-party contractors of our agreements with them; 

the failure of the third party to manufacture our product candidates according to our specifications; 

the mislabeling of clinical supplies, potentially resulting in the wrong dose amounts being supplied or active drug or placebo not being properly identified; 

46 

clinical supplies not being delivered to clinical sites on time, leading to clinical trial interruptions, or of drug supplies not being distributed to commercial vendors in a timely manner, resulting in lost sales; and 

the misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how. 

We do not have complete control over all aspects of the manufacturing process of our contract manufacturing partners and are dependent on these contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMP regulations for manufacturing our product candidates. Third-party manufacturers may not be able to comply with cGMP regulations or similar regulatory requirements outside of the United States. If our contract manufacturers cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authorities, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain marketing approval for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we do not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA, EMA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we will need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, and those new facilities would need to be inspected and approved by FDA, EMA or comparable regulatory authority prior to commencing manufacturing, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain marketing approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. Our failure, or the failure of our third-party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or drugs, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our product candidates or drugs and harm our business and results of operations. 
 
 Third-party relationships are important to Forte s business. If Forte is unable to maintain its collaborations, enter into new relationships or if these relationships are not successful, its business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Forte has limited capabilities for product development and do not yet have any capability for sales, marketing or distribution. Accordingly, Forte enters into relationships with other companies to provide it with important technologies, and Forte may receive additional technologies and funding under these and other collaborations in the future. Relationships Forte enters into may pose a number of risks, including the following: 
 third parties have, and future third-party collaborators may have, significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; 

current and future third parties may not perform their obligations as expected; 

current and future third parties may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidate that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on clinical trial results, changes in the third parties strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as a strategic merger that may divert resources or create competing priorities; 

third parties may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; 

current and future third parties could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with Forte s products and product candidate if the third parties believe that the competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; 

product candidates discovered in collaboration with Forte may be viewed by its current or future third parties as competitive with their own product candidate or products, which may cause such third parties to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of its product candidate; 

current and future third parties may fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the development, manufacture, distribution or marketing of a product candidate or product; 

current and future third parties with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of Forte s product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; 

disagreements with current or future third parties, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or terminations of the research, development or commercialization of product candidate, might lead to additional responsibilities for Forte with respect to product candidate, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; 

47 

current and future third parties may not properly maintain or defend its intellectual property rights or may use its proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate its intellectual property or proprietary information or expose Forte to potential litigation; 

current and future third parties may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose Forte to litigation and potential liability; 

if a current or future third parties of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might deemphasize or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by Forte; and 

current and future relationships may be terminated by the collaborator, and, if terminated, Forte could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidate. 

If Forte s relationships do not result in the successful discovery, development and commercialization of products or if one of its third parties terminates its agreement with Forte, Forte may not receive any future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under the collaboration. If Forte does not receive the funding Forte expects under these agreements, its development of its technology and product candidates could be delayed, and Forte may need additional resources to develop product candidate and its technology. All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described in this prospectus also apply to the activities of its collaborators. 
 
 Additionally, if any of Forte s current or future third parties terminate their agreement with Forte, Forte may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and its perception in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 
 
 Relationships are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. Forte faces significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Forte s ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon its assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s evaluation of a number of factors. If Forte is unable to reach agreements with suitable third parties on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, Forte may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of its other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase its expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at its own expense. If Forte elects to increase its expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on its own, Forte may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to it on acceptable terms, or at all. If Forte fails to enter into relationships or does not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, Forte may not be able to further develop its product candidates, bring them to market and generate revenue from sales of drugs or continue to develop its technology, and its business may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 The market price of Forte s common stock is expected to be volatile. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. 
 
 The market price of Forte s common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. For example, Forte s announcement in September 2021 that the clinical trial of FB-401 for the treatment of AD failed to meet statistical significance for its primary endpoint of EASI-50 (the proportion of patients with at least a 50 improvement in atopic dermatitis disease severity as measured by EASI) resulted in a significant decline in the market price of Forte s common stock. Following the announcement on September 2, 2021, the price of Forte s common stock dropped 23.53 per share, or approximately 82 , from 28.59 per share as of the close of business on September 2, 2021 to 5.06 per share as of the close of business on September 3, 2021. The closing price of Forte s common stock on March 24, 2023, was 0.99 per share . Some of the factors that may cause the market price of Forte s common stock to fluctuate include: 
 any strategic decisions that Forte pursues or announces, including Forte s decision to focus on the development of FB-102; 

Forte s ability to obtain regulatory approvals for any product candidates it develops, and delays or failures to obtain such approvals; 

failure of any of Forte s product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

48 

Forte s failure to maintain its existing third-party license and supply agreements; 

failure by Forte or its licensors to prosecute, maintain, or enforce its intellectual property rights; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to product candidates Forte develops; 

any inability to obtain adequate supply of any product candidates Forte develops or the inability to do so at acceptable prices; 

adverse regulatory authority decisions; 

introduction of new products, services or technologies by Forte s competitors; 

failure to meet or exceed financial and development projections Forte may provide to the public; 

failure to meet or exceed the financial and development projections of the investment community; 

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic collaborations, joint ventures or capital commitments by Forte or its competitors; 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and Forte s ability to obtain patent protection for its technologies; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

claims or litigation related to the Rights Plan; 

if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about Forte s business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding its business and stock; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

general market or macroeconomic conditions; 

sales of Forte s common stock by Forte or its stockholders in the future; 

trading volume of Forte s common stock; 

announcements by commercial partners or competitors of new commercial products, clinical progress or the lack thereof, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

adverse publicity generally, including with respect to other products and potential products in such markets; 

the introduction of technological innovations or new therapies that compete with potential products of Forte; 

changes in the structure of health care payment systems; and 

period-to-period fluctuations in Forte s financial results. 

Moreover, the stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm the company s profitability and reputation. In addition, such securities litigation often has ensued after a reverse merger or other merger and acquisition activity. Such litigation if brought could negatively impact our business. 
 
 Additionally, a decrease in the stock price of the company may cause our common stock to no longer satisfy the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. If the company is not able to maintain the requirements for listing on Nasdaq, it could be delisted, which could have a materially adverse effect on its ability to raise additional funds as well as the price and liquidity of its common stock. 
 
 49 

Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 The global credit and financial markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by affected countries and others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive an economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 Forte will incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies. 
 
 Following the Merger completed in the second quarter of 2020, Forte has incurred and will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that the predecessor company of Forte did not incur as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. Forte will also incur costs associated with corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as new requirements implemented by the SEC and Nasdaq. These rules and regulations are expected to increase Forte s legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. For example, Forte s management team consists of the executive officers of the operating company that survived the Merger, some of whom have not previously managed and operated a public company. These executive officers and other personnel need to devote substantial time to gaining expertise regarding operations as a public company and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. These rules and regulations also may make it difficult and expensive for Forte to obtain and maintain directors and officers liability insurance. As a result, it may be more difficult for Forte to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on its board of directors or as executive officers, which may adversely affect investor confidence in and could cause Forte s business or stock price to suffer. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions in Forte s charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of Forte more difficult and may prevent attempts by Forte s stockholders to replace or remove the company management. 
 
 Provisions in Forte s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition or a change in management. In addition, because Forte is incorporated in Delaware, it is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, which prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of the outstanding company voting stock from merging or combining with Forte. Although Forte believes these provisions collectively will provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with Forte s board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by Forte s stockholders to replace or remove then current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of the board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of management. 
 
 The shareholders rights plan adopted by our board of directors may discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that could result in a premium price to our shareholders. 
 
 On July 11, 2022, our board of directors authorized and declared a dividend distribution of a Right for each outstanding common share to shareholders of record as of the close of business on July 21, 2022. If a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 10 or more of the Common Stock, or 20 in the case of certain institutional investors, each Right would entitle its holder (other than the person or group triggering the Rights Plan, whose Rights will become void and will not be exercisable) to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of the Preferred Stock of the Company at an exercise price of 16.00 per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment. The Rights Plan may make it more difficult or discourage a merger, amalgamation, arrangement, take-over bid, tender or exchange offer or other business combination involving the Company 
 50 

that is not approved by the board of directors. However, neither the Rights Plan nor the Rights should interfere with any merger, amalgamation, arrangement, take-over bid, tender or exchange offer or other business combination approved by the board of directors. 
 
 Forte s bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between Forte and its stockholders, which could limit its stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with Forte or its directors, officers or other employees. 
 
 Forte s bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on Forte s behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of its directors, officers or other employees to Forte or its stockholders, any action asserting a claim against it arising pursuant to any provisions of the DGCL, its certificate of incorporation or its bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against it that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided , that these choice of forum provisions do not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with Forte or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against Forte and its directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, Forte may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Forte does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 
 The current expectation is that Forte will retain its future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of its business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of Forte s common stock will be its stockholders sole source of gain, if any, for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause Forte s stock price to decline. 
 
 If existing stockholders of Forte sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of the Forte s common stock in the public market after legal restrictions on resale from the Merger lapse, the trading price of Forte s common stock could decline. Forte is not able to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of Forte s common stock. 
 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports, or publish unfavorable research or reports, about Forte, its business or its market, its stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 
 The trading market for Forte s common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about it and its business. Equity research analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of Forte s common stock, and such lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of its common stock. In the event it does have equity research analyst coverage, Forte will not have any control over the analysts, or the content and opinions included in their reports. The price of Forte s common stock could decline if one or more equity research analysts downgrade its stock or issue other unfavorable commentary or research. If one or more equity research analysts ceases coverage of Forte or fails to publish reports on it regularly, demand for its common stock could decrease, which in turn could cause its stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 The company will have broad discretion in the use of proceeds from any capital raising efforts, including private placement financings, and may invest or spend the proceeds in ways with which its stockholders do not agree and in ways that may not increase the value of their investments. 
 
 Forte has and will continue to have broad discretion over the use of proceeds from any capital raising efforts, including private placement financings and public offerings completed in 2020 and an at-the-market equity offering program commenced in 2022. Its stockholders may not agree with Forte s decisions, and its use of the proceeds may not yield any return on its stockholders investments. Forte s failure to apply the net proceeds of such financings effectively could compromise its ability to pursue its growth strategy and Forte might not be able to yield a significant return, if any, on its investment of these net proceeds. Forte s stockholders will not have the opportunity to influence its decisions on how to use the net proceeds from such financings. 
 
 Forte has identified a material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. If Forte s remediation of the material weakness is not effective, or if Forte experiences additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fails to maintain an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. 
 51 

If Forte fails to maintain proper and effective internal controls, its ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could be impaired. 
 
 Forte is subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of Nasdaq. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that Forte maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Forte must perform system and process evaluation and testing of its internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting in its Annual Report on Form 10-K filing for that year, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This requires that Forte incur substantial professional fees and internal costs to expand its accounting and finance functions and that it expends significant management efforts. Forte may experience difficulty in meeting these reporting requirements in a timely manner. 
 
 During the audit process related to Forte s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness in Forte s controls related to the review of the annual income tax provision which had been prepared by a third-party accounting firm. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness related to ineffective controls to sufficiently review the completeness and accuracy of the annual tax provision. Management concluded that the review was not sufficiently detailed enough to make it remote that a material misstatement in deferred income taxes would be prevented or detected. Accordingly, management determined that, while management believes the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects Forte s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, related to the internal control over the review of Forte s annual income tax provision. 
 
 While Forte will be taking remediation measures and has additional remediation measures planned, Forte cannot assure investors that these measures will significantly improve or remediate the material weakness described above. 
 
 Forte may in the future discover additional weaknesses in its system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of its financial statements. Forte s internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 
 If Forte is not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or if it is unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, Forte may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, the market price of its common stock could decline and it could be subject to sanctions or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 
 
 Forte is able to take advantage of reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could result in its common stock being less attractive to investors. 
 
 Forte currently qualifies as a smaller reporting company under the rules of the SEC. As a smaller reporting company, Forte is able to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements, such as simplified executive compensation disclosures and reduced financial statement disclosure requirements in its SEC filings. Decreased disclosures in Forte s SEC filings due to its status as a smaller reporting company may make it harder for investors to analyze its results of operations and financial prospects. Forte cannot predict if investors will find its common stock less attractive if it relies on these exemptions. If some investors find its common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for its common stock and its stock price may be more volatile. Forte may take advantage of the reporting exemptions applicable to a smaller reporting company until it is no longer a smaller reporting company, which status would end once it has a public float greater than 250 million. In that event, Forte could still be a smaller reporting company if its annual revenues were below 100 million and it has a public float of less than 700 million. 
 
 Forte s principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Forte s executive officers, directors, holders of 5 or more of its capital stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned a significant percentage of its outstanding voting stock. These stockholders, acting together, may be able 
 52 

to impact matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, they may be able to impact elections of directors, amendments of Forte s organizational documents or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transaction. This may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for Forte s common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of Forte s stockholders. The interests of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholders and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders, including seeking a premium value for their common stock, and might affect the prevailing market price for Forte s common stock. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We entered into a lease in December 2021 for office space in Dallas, Texas. The lease agreement is cancellable by the Company with a 30-day notice. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our current business requirements and that if additional space is required, it will be available on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, we believe that our existing facilities are in good condition, adequate and suitable for their intended purposes. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 For discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol FBRX on June 16, 2020. Prior to that date, our common stock traded under the ticker symbol TOCA and reflected the pre-Merger company. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were 229 registered stockholders of record. We are unable to estimate the actual number of stockholders as our shares are also held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of our stockholders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for use in the operation of our business and do not anticipate paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Stock Price Performance Graph 
 As a smaller reporting company as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide this information. 
 
 Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plan 
 
 The information required by this Item regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth in PART III Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 There were no repurchases of shares of common stock made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 There were no sales of unregistered securities by us during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Item 6. R eserved 
 
 54 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below. The known risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those identified and described in detail under the caption Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 
 Forte Biosciences, Inc. and its subsidiaries www.fortebiorx.com ( Forte , we , our is a biopharmaceutical company that is advancing through preclinical trials its product candidate , FB-102, which is a proprietary molecule with potentially broad autoimmune applications in such indications as graft-versus-host disease GvHD ), vitiligo and alopecia areata AA ). The Company s FB-102 program aims to address key pathways implicated in these indications. 
 
 GvHD is a complication that may occur after an allogeneic transplant and is where donor's T-cells attack the patient's healthy cells . There are 2 main types of GvHD acute GvHD and chronic GvHD. The severity of symptoms range from mild to fatal. Acute GvHD usually occurs within 100 days of a transplant. Symptoms of the acute GvHD affect the skin, GI tract or liver. Chronic GvHD symptoms can occur any time after a transplant, but usually start within 2 years. Symptoms of chronic GvHD affect the skin, mouth, liver, lungs, GI tract, muscles or joints. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for GvHD . 
 
 Vitiligo is characterized by the loss of melanocytes which are cells that produce skin pigmentation and results in discolored patches appearing in the skin, hair and mucous membrane . Vitiligo is mediated primarily by natural killer cells NK cells and cytotoxic T lymphocytes CD8+ ). Current treatments include black box warnings. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for vitiligo . 
 
 AA is characterized by nonscaring, unpredictable and patchy hair loss generally on the scalp but also in other areas of the body as a result of immune cells attacking and damaging hair follicles. There remains a significant unmet need for safe and effective therapies for AA . 
 
 We had 41.1 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022. Our common stock is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol FBRX. Prior to our merger with Tocagen, Inc., a publicly traded biotechnology company, Forte was a privately held company incorporated in Delaware on May 3, 2017. 
 
 In June 2021, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that went effective in June 2021 which will allow us to raise up to 300 million in additional capital. On March 31, 2022, we entered into an at-the-market equity offering program ATM Facility whereby we may from time to time offer and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of 25.0 million during the term of the ATM Facility. On April 1, 2022, we filed a prospectus supplement to the June 2021 Form S-3 relating to the offer and sale of shares under the ATM Facility covering sales of up to 7.0 million of shares of common stock. On August 12, 2022, we filed an additional prospectus supplement relating to the offer and sale of shares for an additional 2.7 million of shares of common stock. As discussed above, we are currently eligible to sell securities under Form S-3 only if and to the extent the aggregate market value of securities sold by us pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 during the twelve-month period immediately prior to, and including, the date of any such sale, does not exceed one-third of the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3), and we will remain subject to such limitation for so long as the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3). As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have reached this limit and, as such, may not sell any additional securities under the ATM Facility (or otherwise under Form S-3) until such time as (i) during the preceding twelve-month period, we have not sold securities in excess of the limitation set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, or (ii) the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3). 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 In December 2017, Forte entered into an exclusive license agreement with the DHHS, as amended in May 2020. Under the agreement, the DHHS granted Forte an exclusive, sublicensable and worldwide license to certain rights in 12 patents under which we may develop and commercialize pharmaceutical and biological compositions comprising Gram-negative bacteria for the topical 
 55 

treatment of dermatological diseases and conditions. The Company terminated its license agreement with DHHS effective April 2, 2022. 
 
 We own one US patent for administering a combination of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria along with metabolites for treatment of a wide variety of skin conditions. The patent s estimated expiration date is 2039. This patent is not material to Forte s FB-102 program. We also own four pending US patent applications related to FB-102 program. The estimated expiration dates of these patents are 2043-2044. 
 
 COVID-19 
 The pandemic caused by an outbreak of a new strain of coronavirus, or COVID-19 and its variants, has resulted, and is likely to continue to result, in significant national and global economic disruption and may adversely affect our operations. We are actively monitoring the impact of COVID-19 and the possible effects on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. However, the full extent, consequences, and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on us cannot currently be predicted. We will continue to evaluate the impact that these events could have on our operations, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Revenue 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale or in active development and have not generated any revenue from product sales. In the future, we may generate revenue from product sales, royalties on product sales, license fees, milestones, or other upfront payments if we enter into any collaborations or license agreements. We expect that our future revenue will fluctuate from quarter to quarter for many reasons, including the uncertain timing and amount of any such payments and sales. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs consist primarily of salaries and benefits of research and development personnel and costs related to research activities, preclinical studies, clinical trials, drug manufacturing, and, in 2021, wind down costs incurred following the announcement of our unfavorable clinical trial results and the write-off of manufacturing property and equipment. Non-refundable advance payments for goods or services that will be used in future research and development activities are deferred and capitalized and are only expensed when the goods have been received or when the service has been performed rather than when the payment is made. 
 Drug manufacturing and clinical trial costs are a component of research and development expenses. The Company expenses costs for its drug manufacturing activities performed by Contract Manufacturing Organizations CMOs ), costs for its preclinical and clinical trial activities performed by Contract Research Organizations CROs and other service providers, as they are incurred, based upon estimates of the work completed over the life of the individual study in accordance with associated agreements. The Company uses information it receives from internal personnel and outside service providers to estimate the percentage of completion and therefore the expense to be incurred. 
 We anticipate research and development expenses to continue to increase in the future as we develop our current lead product candidate, FB-102. 
 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of professional fees such as legal, auditing, tax and business consulting services, personnel expenses and travel costs, costs associated with being a publicly traded company such as Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, accounting fees, and directors and officers liability insurance premiums. Our general and administrative expenses may increase due to increases in professional and advisory fees and as we build out our infrastructure to develop FB-102. 
 Other Expenses, net 
 Other expense, net, consists of net foreign exchange losses and franchise taxes, partially offset by interest earned on our cash and cash equivalents. 
 56 

Critical Accounting Policies, Significant Judgments and Use of Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that may be readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to understanding our historical and future performance, as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 
 While our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K, we believe that the following critical accounting policies are most important to understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our research and development expenses. This process involves reviewing open contracts and commitments, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed for us and estimating the level of service performed and the associated cost incurred for the service when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual cost. We make estimates of our research and development expenses in our consolidated financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. If our estimates of the status and timing of services performed differs from the actual status and timing of services performed, we may report amounts that are too high or too low in any particular period. To date, there have been no material differences from our estimates to the amounts actually incurred. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We account for stock-based compensation arrangements with employees, directors and non-employees in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Stock Compensation . Stock-based awards issued by us have been primarily stock options and restricted stock units with time-based or performance-based vesting. ASC 718 requires the recognition of compensation expense, using a fair value-based method, for costs related to all stock-based awards. To determine the grant-date fair value of stock options, we utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is impacted by the fair value of our common stock as well as other variables including, but not limited to, the expected term that stock-based awards will remain outstanding, expected common stock price volatility over the expected term of the stock-based awards, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends. 
 For stock-based awards with time-based vesting which includes stock options and restricted stock units, stock-based compensation is recognized over the period during which an awardee is required to provide services in exchange for the stock-based award, known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period), on a straight-line basis. For time-based stock awards, stock-based compensation expense is recognized based on the fair value determined on the date of grant. For stock-based awards with performance-based vesting, the fair value of the award is recognized as expense when the achievement of the associated performance criteria becomes probable. 
 
 The Company has an employee stock purchase plan ESPP ). The fair value of each purchase under the ESPP is estimated at the beginning of the offering period using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 Estimates of the fair value of stock-based awards as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model are affected by assumptions regarding a number of variables. Changes in the assumptions can materially affect the fair value and ultimately how much stock-based compensation expense is recognized. The volatility input is subjective and generally requires significant analysis and judgment to develop and involves inherent uncertainties and the application of significant judgment. If we use significantly different assumptions or estimates, our equity-based compensation could be materially different. 
 These inputs are: 
 Expected term The expected term represents the period that our stock-based awards are expected to be outstanding and is determined using the simplified method which is based on the mid-point between the vesting period and the end of the contractual term. We have very limited historical information to develop reasonable expectations about future exercise patterns and post-vesting employment termination behavior for our stock-based awards. 
 57 

Expected volatility Due to the Company s limited trading of its common stock and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility data, the Company has based its estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies in the life sciences industry whose shares are publicly traded. The Company selects the peer group based on comparable characteristics, including development stage, product pipeline, and market capitalization. The Company computes historical volatility data using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. The Company will continue to apply this process until sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own stock price becomes available. 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon issues in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding with the expected term of the stock-based awards. 
 Expected Dividend We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we use an expected dividend yield of zero. 
 We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the expected volatility, expected terms and interest rates utilized for our stock-based compensation expense calculations on a prospective basis. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following tables summarize our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

5,594 

13,853 

(8,259) 

General and administrative 

8,302 

7,633 

669 

Total operating expenses 

13,896 

21,486 

(7,590) 

Other income (expenses), net 

17 

(222) 

239 

Net Loss 

(13,879) 

(21,708) 

(7,829) 

Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 5.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 13.9 million during the same period in 2021. The decrease of 8.3 million was primarily due to a net decrease of approximately 3.7 million in manufacturing expenses, a net decrease of approximately 3.1 million in preclinical and clinical expenses as we terminated our FB-401 program following the announcement of our unfavorable clinical trial results, a net decrease in payroll and related expenses of approximately 0.9 million as a result of reduced average headcount and a net decrease of 0.6 million in other expenses. 
 While research and development expenses decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period last year, we anticipate research and development expenses to increase in the future as we continue to develop our current lead product candidate, FB-102. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 General and administrative expenses were 8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 7.6 million for the same period of 2021. The increase of 0.7 million was primarily due to an increase in legal expenses. 
 
 Our general and administrative expenses may increase in the future due to increases in professional and advisory fees as we build out our infrastructure to develop FB-102. 
 58 

Other Income (Expenses), net 
 The change in other income (expenses), net for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared with the same period in the prior year was primarily driven by an increase in interest income of 150 thousand as a result of higher interest rates, reductions in foreign currency transaction and remeasurement losses of 52 thousand related to contracts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar due to differences between the exchange rates on the billing and payment dates, and reduced franchise taxes of 37 thousand. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from product sales or out-licenses. We have never been profitable and have incurred operating losses in each year since inception. Our net loss was approximately 13.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 87.0 million. We expect to incur operating losses in the future as we develop our current lead product candidate, FB-102. 
 In June 2021, we filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that went effective in June 2021 which will allow us to raise up to 300 million in additional capital. On March 31, 2022, we entered into an at-the-market equity offering program ATM Facility whereby we may from time to time offer and sell shares of our common stock up to an aggregate offering price of 25.0 million during the term of the ATM Facility. On April 1, 2022, we filed a prospectus supplement to the June 2021 Form S-3 relating to the offer and sale of shares under the ATM Facility covering sales of up to 7.0 million of shares of common stock. On August 12, 2022, we filed an additional prospectus supplement relating to the offer and sale of shares for an additional 2.7 million of shares of common stock. As discussed above, we are currently eligible to sell securities under Form S-3 only if and to the extent the aggregate market value of securities sold by us pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 during the twelve-month period immediately prior to, and including, the date of any such sale, does not exceed one-third of the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3), and we will remain subject to such limitation for so long as the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3). As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have reached this limit and, as such, may not sell any additional securities under the ATM Facility (or otherwise under Form S-3) until such time as (i) during the preceding twelve-month period, we have not sold securities in excess of the limitation set forth in General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, or (ii) the aggregate market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates is less than 75 million (as determined by General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3). 
 We are not obligated to sell any shares under the ATM Facility. The ATM Facility may be terminated at any time upon ten days prior notice, or at any time in certain circumstances, including the occurrence of a material adverse effect on us. We agreed to pay the sales agent a commission equal to 3.0 of the gross proceeds from the sales of shares under the ATM Facility and has agreed to provide the sales agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights. We issued 6.1 million shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 7.7 million under the ATM Facility from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 and incurred 595,000 in issuance costs related to the ATM Facility and shelf registration statement. 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of approximately 41.1 million as of December 31, 2022. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Form 10-K. 
 Future Capital Requirements 
 We have not generated any revenue from product sales or from out-licensing. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue. We expect to incur ongoing losses as we develop our current lead product candidate, FB-102, which has potentially broad application for autoimmune indications such as graft-vs-host disease, vitiligo and alopecia areata. FB-102 is in preclinical development. Our future capital requirements are difficult to forecast and will depend on many factors, including but not limited to: 
 the initiation and progress of preclinical studies and any clinical trials for our product candidates; 
 the terms and timing of any strategic alliance, licensing and other arrangements that we may establish; 
 the number of programs we pursue; 
 the outcome, timing and cost of regulatory approvals; 
 the cost and timing of hiring new employees to support our continued growth; 
 59 

the costs involved in patent filing, prosecution, and enforcement; and 
 the costs and timing of having clinical supplies of our product candidates manufactured. 
 If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Any future debt financing may impose upon us covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Any equity or debt financing may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. In addition, our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe, and otherwise. If we are unable to raise additional funds when needed, we may be required to delay, reduce or terminate some or all of our development programs and clinical trials. We may also be required to sell or license to other parties rights to develop or commercialize our drug candidates that we would prefer to retain. 
 See Risk Factors for additional risks associated with our substantial capital requirements. 
 
 Summary Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the primary sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 

(8,185) 

(16,677) 

Financing activities 

7,241 

(44) 

Net decrease in cash 

(944) 

(16,721) 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 8.2 million and consisted primarily of a net loss of 13.9 million adjusted for non-cash stock-based compensation of 4.0 million and a decrease in net operating assets of 1.7 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 16.7 million and consisted primarily of a net loss of 21.7 million adjusted for non-cash stock-based compensation of 4.2 million, depreciation and impairment charges on property and equipment of 0.1 million and a decrease in net operating assets of 0.7 million. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of 7.2 million in net proceeds from the sale of shares of our common stock under our ATM Facility and 12 thousand received from proceeds from stock option exercises and the issuance of shares of our common stock under the ESPP. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 44 thousand for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of 106 thousand in payments related to our shelf registration, partially offset by 62 thousand of proceeds received for the exercise of stock options. 
 Indemnification 
 As permitted under Delaware law and in accordance with our bylaws, we indemnify our officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving in such capacity pursuant to indemnification agreements. We believe the fair value of the indemnification rights and agreements is minimal. Accordingly, we have not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification rights and agreements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 60 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b 2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 
 Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are included after the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to a material weakness in our internal control over the review of our annual income tax provision, as discussed in more detail below. 
 
 Notwithstanding the identified a material weakness described below, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer believe the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly represent in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows at and for the periods presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 During the audit process related to our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, management identified a material weakness in our controls related to the review of the annual income tax provision which had been prepared by a third-party accounting firm. Specifically, there was ineffective controls to sufficiently review the completeness and accuracy of the annual tax provision. Management concluded that the review was not sufficiently detailed enough to make it remote that a material misstatement in deferred income taxes would be prevented or detected. Accordingly, management determined that a material weakness existed in the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, related to the internal control over the review of our annual income tax provision. 
 
 Material Weakness Remediation 
 
 We will be taking steps to remediate the material weakness described above, including, augmenting existing staff and third party resources tasked with tax accounting review, strengthening our review process related to our tax provisions and implementing additional procedures to ensure appropriate review of such matters. However, we cannot assure investors that these measures will significantly improve or remediate the material weakness described above. 
 61 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Based on the results of its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weakness identified above. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 As a smaller reporting company and non-accelerated filer, we are not required to provide an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting issued by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls, procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by the collusion of two or more people or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign J urisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable 
 62 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance 
 The information called for by this item will be set forth in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Definitive Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. Our board of directors has adopted a Business and Ethics Code of Conduct (the Code of Conduct that applies to our officers, directors and employees which is available on our website at www.fortebiorx.com. The Code of Conduct contains general guidelines for conducting the business of our company consistent with the highest standards of business ethics, and is intended to qualify as a code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Item 406 of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this Item is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 63 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report 

(1) The Financial Statements of Forte Biosciences Inc. and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included after the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto or because they are not applicable or not required. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report and are hereby incorporated by reference. Refer to Exhibit Index included herein. 
 
 64 

Exhibit Index 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2017. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2020. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2017. 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights, Preferences and Privileges of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on 8-K filed on July 12, 2022. 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-216574), as amended, originally filed on March 9, 2017. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020. 

4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated October 30, 2015, issued to Oxford Finance LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-216574), as amended, originally filed on March 9, 2017. 

4.4 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock, dated October 30, 2015, issued to Silicon Valley Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-216574) , as amended, originally filed on March 9, 2017. 

4.5 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated May 18, 2018, issued to Oxford Finance LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018. 

4.6 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated May 18, 2018, issued to Oxford Finance LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018. 

4.7 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated May 18, 2018, issued to Oxford Finance LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018. 

4.8 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock, dated May 18, 2018, issued to Silicon Valley Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.9 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018. 

4.9 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock of the Registrant issued on June 15, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2020. 

4.10 
 
 Preferred Stock Rights Agreement, dated as of July 12, 2022, by and between Forte Biosciences, Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 12, 2022. 

10.1+ 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement by and between the Registrant and its directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-216574), as amended, originally filed on March 9, 2017. 

10.2+ 
 
 Tocagen Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Option Agreement and Notice of Exercise thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2019. 

10.3+ 
 
 Tocagen Inc. 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-216574), as amended, originally filed on March 9, 2017. 

65 

10.4 
 
 Tocagen Inc. Annual Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2017. 

10.5 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2020. 

10.6 
 
 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement between the Company and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., dated September 4, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020. 

10.7+ 
 
 2020 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2020. 

10.8+ 
 
 Form of stock option agreements under the 2020 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2020. 

10.9 
 
 License Agreement, dated December 10, 2017, by and between Forte Subsidiary, Inc. and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-237371), originally filed on March 25, 2020. 

10.10+ 
 
 Forte Subsidiary, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and Forms of Stock Option Agreement, Exercise Notice and Investment Representation Statement thereunder, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-237371), originally filed on March 25, 2020. 

10.11+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated December 14, 2018, by and between Forte Subsidiary, Inc. and Paul A. Wagner, Ph.D., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-237371), originally filed on March 25, 2020. 

10.12+ 
 
 Offer Letter, dated March 16, 2020, by and between Forte Subsidiary, Inc. and Antony Riley, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-4, as amended (File No. 333-237371), originally filed on March 25, 2020. 

10.13+ 
 
 Offer Letter by and between the Company and Hubert Chen, M.D., dated May 31, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022. 

10.14+ 
 
 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement between the Company and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrants Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2022. 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to License Agreement by and between Forte Subsidiary, Inc. and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, as represented by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, dated May 26, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed August 10. 2020. v 

10.16 
 
 Forte Biosciences, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 

10.17+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 15, 2022. 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney (contained in the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

66 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 The Company has elected to not include a summary. 
 67 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Forte Biosciences, Inc. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Wagner 

Paul Wagner, Ph.D. Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Antony Riley 

Antony Riley Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Paul A. Wagner, Ph.D. 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Paul A. Wagner, Ph.D. 

/s/ Antony Riley 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Antony Riley 

/s/ Scott Brun, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Scott Brun, M.D. 

Stephen Doberstein, Ph. D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Stephen Doberstein, Ph. D. 

/s/ Lawrence Eichenfield, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Lawrence Eichenfield, M.D. 

/s/ Barbara K. Finck, M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Barbara K. Finck, M.D. 

/s/ David Gryska 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

David Gryska 

/s/ Steven Kornfeld 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Steven Kornfeld 

/s/ Donald A. Williams 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 

Donald A. Williams 

68 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Forte Biosciences, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Forte Biosciences, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 F- 2 

Forte Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and par value data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 4) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

Forte Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other income (expenses), net 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Per share information: 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

Forte Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Additional 

Total 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance December 31, 2020 

() 

Exercise of employee stock options 

- 

- 

Cashless exercise of warrants 

() 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 

() 

Exercise of employee stock options 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock under ESPP 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock through public equity offering, net of offering costs of 

- 

Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

Forte Biosciences, Inc. 
 Consolidated Stateme nts of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Impairment of property and equipment 

Stock based compensation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options and ESPP 

Prepaid financing costs 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

() 

Net decrease in cash 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 6 

Forte Biosciences Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 million . The Company used million of cash in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. Management expects to continue to incur additional losses in the foreseeable future as the Company focuses its development efforts on advancing FB-102 through preclinical trials. The Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s cash and cash equivalents are held at financial institutions and exceed federally insured limits. The Company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to allow the Company to fund its operations for at least 12 months from the filing date of this Form 10-K. The Company will continue to need to raise additional capital or obtain financing from other sources. Management may fund future operations through the sale of equity and debt financings and may also seek additional capital through arrangements with strategic partners or other sources. There can be no assurance that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, if at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional funding to meet its working capital needs in the future, it may be forced to delay or reduce the scope of its research and development programs and/or limit or cease its operations. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the conflicts in Eastern Europe, and otherwise. There are numerous risks and uncertainties associated with pharmaceutical development and the Company is unable to predict the timing or amount of increased expenses on the development of future product candidates or when or if it will start to generate revenues. Even if the Company does generate revenues, it may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability. If the Company fails to become profitable or is unable to sustain profitability on a continuing basis, then it may be unable to continue its operations at planned levels and may be forced to reduce its operations. The pandemic caused by outbreaks of new strains of coronaviruses, or COVID-19 and its variants, has resulted, and may continue to result, in significant national and global economic disruption and may adversely affect the Company s operations. The Company is actively monitoring the impact of COVID-19 and the possible effects on its financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers, industry, and workforce. However, the full extent, consequences, and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on the Company cannot currently be predicted. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact that these events could have on its operations, financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the foreseeable future. 

ASU ), of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ), and the rules and regulations of the US Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 in any periods presented. The carrying amounts of financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities included in the Company s financial statements are reasonable estimates of fair value, primarily due to their short maturities. The Company had million in money market funds as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, which are classified within Level 1. Money market funds are valued at the closing price reported by the fund sponsor from an actively traded exchange. Money market funds were included as cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

Restricted stock units 

Warrants 

Total 

Stock-based compensation expense for an award with a performance condition is recognized when the achievement of the performance condition has been determined to be probable. If the outcome of such performance condition has not been determined to be probable, or has not been met, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. For rights granted under the ESPP, the fair value of each purchase is estimated at the beginning of the offering period using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Company classifies stock-based compensation expense in its statement of operations in the same manner in which the award recipient s salary and related costs are classified in the case of employees, or in which the award recipient s service payments are classified in the case of directors and non-employees. 

impairment losses on property and equipment have been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022 . Impairment losses on property and equipment of have been recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 t have other comprehensive loss items such as unrealized gains and losses and so for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, comprehensive loss was equal to the net loss. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 , Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ). ASU 2020-06 eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models for convertible instruments. It also amends the accounting for certain contracts in an entity s own equity that are currently accounted for as derivatives because of specific settlement provisions. In addition, ASU 2020-06 modifies how particular convertible instruments and certain contracts that may be settled in cash or shares impact the diluted earnings per share computation. The amendments in ASU 2020-06 are effective for smaller reporting companies as defined by the SEC for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but not earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2020-06 on its consolidated financial statements and does not expect the adoption of this amended guidance to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Other 

Total Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Prepaid offering costs 

- 

Other 

Total Other Assets 

Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued manufacturing and clinical expenses 

Accrued other expenses 

Total Accrued Liabilities 

. The Company s cash accounts significantly exceed FDIC limits. Indemnifications As permitted under Delaware law, the Company indemnifies its officers, directors, and employees for certain events and occurrences while the officer, employee or director is, or was, serving at the Company s request in such capacity. License to Patented Technology In December 2017, the Company entered into an exclusive license agreement with the Department of Health and Human Services DHHS ). Under the agreement, the DHHS granted the Company an exclusive, sublicensable, worldwide license to certain patent rights under which the Company may develop and commercialize pharmaceutical and biological compositions comprising Gram-negative bacteria for the topical treatment of dermatological diseases and conditions (the DHHS License ). The Company terminated the license agreement with DHHS effective April 2, 2022 without meeting any milestones. The Company incurred and in minimum royalty expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Lease Agreement In April 2019, the Company entered into a lease agreement for certain office and laboratory space in Torrance, California. The lease in Torrance was terminated in December 2021 and replaced with a new lease for office and laboratory space in Dallas, Texas in December 2021. The lease in Dallas is cancellable by the Company at any time with a 30-day notice. In June 2021, the Company entered into a lease agreement for additional office space at a separate location for an initial lease of 6 months after which the lease term will be month-to-month. Total rent expense was for the year ended December 31, 2022. Total rent expense for all locations for the year ended December 31, 2021 was , which included a credit of from a refund for operating expenses from a previous Tocagen facility. Preclinical Services The Company has entered into various agreements with third party vendors for preclinical services. The estimated remaining commitments as of December 31, 2022 under these agreements were approximately million. Legal Proceedings In November 2022, a stockholder of the Company filed a complaint in the Delaware Court of Chancery to access certain books and records of the Company pursuant to Section 220 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as well as to seek attorney fees (the Books and Records Action ). The Books and Records Action remains pending. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims asserted in the Books and Records Action and intends to vigorously defend against it and may be entitled to attorney fees should the stockholder not determine to dismiss the action . 

million authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value , with shares oustanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Stock In June 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 that went effective in June 2021 which will allow the Company to raise up to million in additional capital. On March 31, 2022, the Company entered into an at-the-market equity offering program ATM Facility whereby the Company may from time to time offer and sell shares of its common stock up to an aggregate offering price of million during the term of the ATM Facility. On April 1, 2022, the Company filed a prospectus supplement to the June 2021 Form S-3 relating to the offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the ATM Facility covering sales of up to million of shares of common stock. On August 12, 2022, the Company filed an additional prospectus supplement relating to the offer and sale of shares pursuant to the ATM Facility covering sales of up to an additional million of shares of common stock. The Company is not obligated to sell any shares under the ATM Facility. The ATM Facility may be terminated at any time upon ten days prior notice, or at any time in certain circumstances, including the occurrence of a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company has agreed to pay the sales agent a commission equal to of the gross proceeds from the sales of shares under the ATM Facility and has agreed to provide the sales agent with customary indemnification and contribution rights. The Company issued million shares of common stock for gross proceeds of approximately million under the ATM Facility from July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 and incurred in issuance costs related to the ATM Facility and shelf registration statement. In connection with the Merger in June 2020, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares Concurrent Financing Warrants of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. All Concurrent Financing Warrants were subsequently exercised on a cashless basis in 2021 resulting in additional shares of common stock being issued. As of December 31, 2022, Concurrent Financing Warrants were outstanding. Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share which were previously issued by Tocagen, survived the Merger and remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. These warrants have an expiration date of . Rights Plan On July 11, 2022, the Company authorized and declared a dividend distribution of right (each, a Right for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company to stockholders of record as of the close of business on . Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-thousandth of a share of Series A Participating Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Preferred Stock ), of the Company at an exercise price of per one one-thousandth of a share of Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment. The Rights are not exercisable until the Distribution Date. The Distribution Date is the 10th business day after the public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired beneficial ownership of percent or more of our common stock or the 10th business day after a person or group announces a tender or exchange offer that would result in ownership by a person or group of percent or more of our common stock. The Rights will be redeemable at the Company s option for per Right at any time on or prior to the 10th business day after the public announcement that an Acquiring Person has acquired beneficial ownership of percent or more of the Common Stock. The Rights expire on the earliest of July 12, 2023 or on the redemption or exchange of the Rights. There is no financial statement impact until such time as the rights become exercisable. 

shares available for grant. The 2021 Plan was amended in June 2022 to increase the shares available for grant by an additional shares. The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options ISOs ), non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance-based stock awards, other forms of equity compensation and performance cash awards. ISOs may be granted only to employees. All other awards may be granted to employees, including officers, and to non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its affiliates. Service-based awards generally period, with the first of such awards vesting following twelve months of continued employment or service with the remaining awards vesting monthly in equal installments over the following thirty-six months . For certain service-based awards to the board of directors, period for initial grants and in twelve equal monthly installments over a period for subsequent grants . As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. On July 26, 2020, the Company adopted the 2020 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Inducement Plan and reserved shares for future grant under the 2020 Inducement Plan. As of December 31, 2022 , there were shares available for issuance under the 2020 Inducement Plan. Stock Options The risk-free interest rate assumption for stock options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve rate at the date of grant with a maturity approximating the expected term of the option. The expected term assumption for options granted to employees is determined using the simplified method that represents the average of the contractual term of the option and the weighted average vesting period of the option. The Company uses the simplified method because it does not have sufficient historical option exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. Due to the Company s limited trading of its common stock and lack of company-specific historical or implied volatility data, the Company has based its estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies in the life sciences industry whose shares are publicly traded. The Company selects the peer group based on comparable characteristics, including development stage, product pipeline, and market capitalization. The Company computes historical volatility data using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. The Company will continue to apply this process until sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of its own stock price become available. The assumed dividend yield is based upon the Company s expectation of not paying dividends in the foreseeable future. The fair value per share of common stock is the closing stock price on the option grant date. The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted to employees and non-employees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term of options (years) 

Volatility 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

- 

Cancelled/Forfeited 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options as of December 31, 2022 is based on the Company s closing stock price of per share. Restricted Stock Unit Awards The restricted stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 have performance-based vesting. The Company concluded that as of December 31, 2021, it was probable the performance criteria would be met and in expense was recorded in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. There were restricted stock units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company made a change in accounting estimate during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to the vesting of performance-based restricted stock units. As a result of this change in accounting estimate, of expense that had been previously recognized in 2021 was reversed during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Granted 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Issued as Common Stock 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In May 2021, the Company s board of directors reactivated the Company s 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP which had previously been suspended. The ESPP allows eligible employees to withhold up to of their earnings to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to the lower of (i) of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the first date of an offering or (ii) of the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company had shares available for future issuance under the ESPP as of December 31, 2022 . The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year through January 1, 2027, by the lesser of (a) of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, (b) shares, or (c) a number determined by the Company s board of directors that is less than (a) and (b). The Company issued shares under the ESPP during the year ended December 31, 2022. The ESPP is considered a compensatory plan. The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense related to its ESPP of thousand and thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Expected term of options (years) 

Volatility 

Stock-Based Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total 

As of December 31, 2022 , there was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of million related to stock options with service conditions, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Total unrecognized stock-based compensation as of December 31, 2022 was approximately thousand related to stock options and restricted stock units with performance based vesting. 

 t record a current or deferred income tax expense or benefit due to a valuation allowance position.) 

() 

Increase/(decrease) in tax resulting from: 

State income taxes 

() 

- 

Change in valuation allowance 

- 

- 

Transaction adjustments 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

Other 

() 

() 

Total 

Start-up costs 

Patent costs 

Stock option expense 

Net operating loss 

Capitalized R D 

Other deferred taxes 

R D credits 

Total noncurrent deferred tax assets 

Valuation Allowance 
 
 () 

() 

Net deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 

Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current year and requires taxpayers to capitalize such expenses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 174. The capitalized expenses are amortized over a 5-year period for domestic expenses and a 15-year period for foreign expenses. As a result of this provision of the Tax Act, deferred tax assets related to capitalized research expenses increased by thousand. The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its deferred tax assets. Based upon the Company s history of operating losses, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the benefit of its deferred tax assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. During 2022 and 2021 , the valuation allowance increased by million and million, respectively. The Company has federal and California net operating loss carryforwards which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has federal net operating losses of million some of which begin to expire in unless utilized. The Company has state net operating carryforwards of million that begin to expire in unless previously utilized. As of December 31, 2022 , the Company has federal and California research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately thousand and thousand, respectively. The federal research and development tax credits begin to expire in unless previously utilized. The California credits do not expire. The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and California. As of December 31, 2022, Tocagen s tax years beginning 2007 to date are subject to examination by federal and California taxing authorities due to the carry forward of unutilized net operating losses and research and development tax credits. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the Internal Revenue Service or state tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. Pursuant to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Sections 382 and 383, annual use of a company s net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be limited if there is a cumulative change in ownership of greater than (by value) within a period. The amount of the annual limitation is determined based on the value of the Company immediately prior to the ownership change. Subsequent ownership changes may further affect the limitation in future years. The Company has completed several equity offerings since its inception which may have resulted in a change in control as defined by Sections 382 and 383 of the IRC, or could result in a change in control in the future. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382 and 383 analysis regarding the limitation of net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards. Until such an analysis has been completed, the Company has removed the deferred tax assets for net operating losses of million and federal and California research and development credits of approximately million from its deferred tax asset schedule and has recorded a corresponding decrease to its valuation allowance. When this analysis is finalized, the Company plans to update its unrecognized tax benefits accordingly. The Company does not expect this analysis to be completed within the next 12 months and, as a result, the Company does not expect that the unrecognized tax benefits will change within 12 months of this reporting date. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, future changes in the Company s unrecognized tax benefits will not impact the Company s effective tax rate. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties relating to uncertain tax positions as a component of income tax expense should the Company believe there is an uncertain tax position liability. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , there was accrued interest or penalties for uncertain positions. 

thousand and thousand for scientific consulting services during the year ended December 31, 2022 . The Company had outstanding accounts payable to either of these directors as of December 31, 2022. One member of the Company s board of directors received a cash payment of for scientific consulting services during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company had outstanding accounts payable to this director as of December 31, 2021. 

 F- 17 

<EX-10>
 2
 fbrx-ex10_16.htm
 EX-10.16

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.16 
 
 Appendix A 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 FORTE BIOSCIENCES, INC. 
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 1. Purposes of the Plan . The purposes of this Plan are: 
 to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial responsibility, 

to provide additional incentive to Employees, Directors and Consultants, and 

to promote the success of the Company s business. 

The Plan permits the grant of Incentive Stock Options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units and Performance Awards. 
 2. Definitions . As used herein, the following definitions will apply: 
 2.1 Administrator means the Board or any of its Committees as will be administering the Plan, in accordance with Section 4 of the Plan. 
 2.2 Applicable Laws means the legal and regulatory requirements relating to the administration of equity-based awards, including but not limited to the related issuance of shares of Common Stock, including but not limited to, under U.S. federal and state corporate laws, U.S. federal and state securities laws, the Code, any stock exchange or quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted and the applicable laws of any non-U.S. country or jurisdiction where Awards are, or will be, granted under the Plan. 
 2.3 Award means, individually or collectively, a grant under the Plan of Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Performance Awards. 
 2.4 Award Agreement means the written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to each Award granted under the Plan. The Award Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 2.5 Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 2.6 Change in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 (a) Change in Ownership of the Company . A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (a), the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; provided, further, that any change in the ownership of the stock of the Company as a result of a private financing of the Company that is approved by the Board also will not be considered a Change in Control. Further, if the stockholders of the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company or of the ultimate parent entity of the Company, such event will not be considered a Change in Control under this subsection (a). For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership will include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities; or 
 (b) Change in Effective Control of the Company . If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act, a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (b), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or 

(c) Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Company s Assets . A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (c), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets: (i) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (ii) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (A) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock, (B) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (C) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (D) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (c)(ii)(C). For purposes of this subsection (c), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this Section 2.6, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if: (x) its sole purpose is to change the jurisdiction of the Company s incorporation, or (y) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company s securities immediately before such transaction. 
 2.7 Code means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation or other formal guidance of general or direct applicability promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
 2.8 Committee means a committee of Directors or of other individuals satisfying Applicable Laws appointed by the Board, or by a duly authorized committee of the Board, in accordance with Section 4 hereof. 
 2.9 Common Stock means the common stock of the Company. 
 2.10 Company means Forte Biosciences, Inc., a Delaware corporation, or any successor thereto. 
 2.11 Consultant means any natural person, including an advisor, engaged by the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries to render bona fide services to such entity, provided the services (a) are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital-raising transaction, and (b) do not directly promote or maintain a market for the Company s securities, in each case, within the meaning of Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act, and provided further, that a Consultant will include only those persons to whom the issuance of Shares may be registered under Form S-8 promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 2.12 Director means a member of the Board. 
 2.13 Disability means total and permanent disability as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3), provided that in the case of Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, the Administrator in its discretion may determine whether a permanent and total disability exists in accordance with uniform and non-discriminatory standards adopted by the Administrator from time to time. 
 2.14 Employee means any person, including Officers and Directors, employed by the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. Neither service as a Director nor payment of a director s fee by the Company will be sufficient to constitute employment by the Company. 
 2.15 Exchange Act means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 2.16 Exchange Program means a program under which (a) outstanding Awards are surrendered or cancelled in exchange for awards of the same type (which may have higher or lower exercise prices and different terms), awards of a different type, and/or cash, (b) Participants would have the opportunity to transfer any outstanding Awards to a financial institution or 

other person or entity selected by the Administrator, and/or (c) the exercise price of an outstanding Award is reduced or increased. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any Exchange Program in its sole discretion. 
 2.17 Fair Market Value means, as of any date and unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the value of Common Stock determined as follows: 
 2.17.1 If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or a national market system, including without limitation the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, or the Nasdaq Capital Market of The Nasdaq Stock Market, its Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price for such stock (or, if no closing sales price was reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such closing sales price was reported) as quoted on such exchange or system on the date of determination, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; 
 2.17.2 If the Common Stock is regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer but selling prices are not reported, the Fair Market Value of a Share will be the mean between the high bid and low asked prices for the Common Stock on the day of determination (or, if no bids and asks were reported on that date, as applicable, on the last Trading Day such bids and asks were reported), as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator deems reliable; or 
 2.17.3 In the absence of an established market for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined in good faith by the Administrator. 
 2.18 Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company. 
 2.19 Incentive Stock Option means an Option that by its terms qualifies and is otherwise intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code Section 422 and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 2.20 Nonstatutory Stock Option means an Option that by its terms does not qualify or is not intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 2.21 Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 2.22 Option means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 2.23 Outside Director means a Director who is not an Employee. 
 2.24 Parent means a parent corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(e). 
 2.25 Participant means the holder of an outstanding Award. 
 2.26 Performance Awards means an Award which may be earned in whole or in part upon attainment of performance goals or other vesting criteria as the Administrator may determine and which may be cash- or stock-denominated and may be settled for cash, Shares or other securities or a combination of the foregoing under Section 10. 
 2.27 Performance Period means Performance Period as defined in Section 10.1. 
 2.28 Period of Restriction means the period (if any) during which the transfer of Shares of Restricted Stock are subject to restrictions and therefore, the Shares are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. Such restrictions may be based on the passage of time, the achievement of target levels of performance, or the occurrence of other events as determined by the Administrator. 
 2.29 Plan means this 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 2.30 Restricted Stock means Shares issued pursuant to an Award of Restricted Stock under Section 8 of the Plan, or issued pursuant to the early exercise of an Option. 
 2.31 Restricted Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share, granted pursuant to Section 9. Each Restricted Stock Unit represents an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company. 
 2.32 Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect when discretion is being exercised with respect to the Plan. 

2.33 Section 16b means Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. 
 2.34 Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the U.S. Treasury Regulations and guidance thereunder, and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be promulgated, amended or modified from time to time. 
 2.35 Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 2.36 Service Provider means an Employee, Director or Consultant. 
 2.37 Share means a share of the Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan. 
 2.38 Stock Appreciation Right means an Award, granted alone or in connection with an Option, that pursuant to Section 7 is designated as a Stock Appreciation Right. 
 2.39 Subsidiary means a subsidiary corporation, whether now or hereafter existing, as defined in Code Section 424(f). 
 2.40 Trading Day means a day that the primary stock exchange, national market system, or other trading platform, as applicable, upon which the Common Stock is listed (or otherwise trades regularly, as determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion) is open for trading. 
 2.41 U.S. Treasury Regulations means the Treasury Regulations of the Code. Reference to a specific Treasury Regulation or Section of the Code will include such Treasury Regulation or Section, any valid regulation promulgated under such Section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such Section or regulation. 
 3. Stock Subject to the Plan . 
 3.1 Stock Subject to the Plan . Subject to adjustment upon changes in capitalization of the Company as provided in Section 14, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards and sold under the Plan will be equal to (a) 1,000,000 Shares, plus (b) any Shares subject to awards granted under the Tocagen, Inc. 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, the Tocagen, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, and the Forte Biosciences Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan that, after the date of stockholder approval of the Plan, expire or otherwise terminate without having been exercised or issued in full, are tendered to or withheld by the Company for payment of an exercise price or for tax withholding obligations, or are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest, with the maximum number of Shares to be added to the Plan pursuant to clause (b) equal to 1,102,341. In addition, Shares may become available for issuance under Section 3.2. The Shares may be authorized but unissued, or reacquired Common Stock. 
 3.2 Lapsed Awards . If an Award expires or becomes unexercisable without having been exercised in full, or, with respect to Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Units or Performance Shares is forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to the failure to vest, the unpurchased Shares (or for Awards other than Options or Stock Appreciation Rights the forfeited or repurchased Shares) which were subject thereto will become available for future grant or sale under the Plan (unless the Plan has terminated). Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right settled in Shares, the gross number of Shares covered by the portion of the Award so exercised, whether or not actually issued pursuant to such exercise, will cease to be available under the Plan. Shares that have actually been issued under the Plan under any Award will not be returned to the Plan and will not become available for future distribution under the Plan; provided, however, that if Shares issued pursuant to Awards of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units or Performance Awards are repurchased by the Company or are forfeited to the Company due to the failure to vest, such Shares will become available for future grant under the Plan. Shares used to pay the exercise price of an Award or to satisfy the tax liabilities or withholdings related to an Award will not become available for future grant or sale under the Plan. To the extent an Award under the Plan is paid out in cash rather than Shares, such cash payment will not result in reducing the number of Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing and, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14, the maximum number of Shares that may be issued upon the exercise of Incentive Stock Options will equal the aggregate Share number stated in Section 3.1, plus, to the extent allowable under Code Section 422 and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, any Shares that become available for issuance under the Plan pursuant to Section 3.2. 
 3.3 Share Reserve . The Company, during the term of this Plan, will at all times reserve and keep available such number of Shares as will be sufficient to satisfy the requirements of the Plan. 

4. Administration of the Plan . 
 4.1 Procedure . 
 4.1.1 Multiple Administrative Bodies . Different Committees with respect to different groups of Service Providers may administer the Plan. 
 4.1.2 Rule 16b-3 . To the extent desirable to qualify transactions hereunder as exempt under Rule 16b-3, the transactions contemplated hereunder will be structured to satisfy the requirements for exemption under Rule 16b-3. 
 4.1.3 Other Administration . Other than as provided above, the Plan will be administered by (A) the Board or (B) a Committee, which Committee will be constituted to comply with Applicable Laws. 
 4.2 Powers of the Administrator . Subject to the provisions of the Plan, and in the case of a Committee, subject to the specific duties delegated by the Board to such Committee, the Administrator will have the authority, in its discretion: 
 4.2.1 to determine the Fair Market Value; 
 4.2.2 to select the Service Providers to whom Awards may be granted hereunder; 
 4.2.3 to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award granted hereunder; 
 4.2.4 to approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan; 
 4.2.5 to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder. Such terms and conditions include, but are not limited to, the exercise price, the time or times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance criteria), any vesting acceleration or waiver of forfeiture restrictions, and any restriction or limitation regarding any Award or the Shares relating thereto (including but not limited to, temporarily suspending the exercisability of an Award if the Administrator deems such suspension to be necessary or appropriate for administrative purposes or to comply with Applicable Laws, provided that such suspension must be lifted prior to the expiration of the maximum term and post-termination exercisability period of an Award), based in each case on such factors as the Administrator will determine; 
 4.2.6 to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan and Awards granted pursuant to the Plan; 
 4.2.7 to prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan, including rules and regulations relating to sub-plans established for the purpose of satisfying applicable non-U.S. laws or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable non-U.S. laws; 
 4.2.8 to modify or amend each Award (subject to Section 20.3), including but not limited to the discretionary authority to extend the post-termination exercisability period of Awards and to extend the maximum term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (subject to Sections 6.4 and 7.5); 
 4.2.9 to allow Participants to satisfy withholding tax obligations in a manner prescribed in Section 15; 
 4.2.10 to authorize any person to execute on behalf of the Company any instrument required to effect the grant of an Award previously granted by the Administrator; 
 4.2.11 to allow a Participant to defer the receipt of the payment of cash or the delivery of Shares that otherwise would be due to such Participant under an Award; and 
 4.2.12 to make all other determinations deemed necessary or advisable for administering the Plan. 
 4.3 Effect of Administrator s Decision . The Administrator s decisions, determinations and interpretations will be final and binding on all Participants and any other holders of Awards and will be given the maximum deference permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 4.4 Exchange Program . The Administrator may not institute an Exchange Program. 
 5. Eligibility . Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units may be granted to Service Providers. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to Employees. 

6. Stock Options . 
 6.1 Grant of Options . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Options to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 6.2 Option Agreement . Each Award of an Option will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares subject to the Option, the exercise restrictions, if any, applicable to the Option, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 6.3 Limitations . Each Option will be designated in the Award Agreement as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option. Notwithstanding such designation, however, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year (under all plans of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds one hundred thousand dollars 100,000), such Options will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 6.3, Incentive Stock Options will be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, the Fair Market Value of the Shares will be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Shares is granted, and calculation will be performed in accordance with Code Section 422 and the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 6.4 Term of Option . The term of each Option will be stated in the Award Agreement; provided, however, that the term will be no more than ten (10) years from the date of grant thereof. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Participant who, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the term of the Incentive Stock Option will be five (5) years from the date of grant or such shorter term as may be provided in the Award Agreement. 
 6.5 Option Exercise Price and Consideration . 
 6.5.1 Exercise Price . The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option will be determined by the Administrator, but will be no less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. In addition, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Employee who owns stock representing more than ten percent (10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, the per Share exercise price will be no less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6.5.1, Options may be granted with a per Share exercise price of less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant pursuant to a transaction described in, and in a manner consistent with, Code Section 424(a). 
 6.5.2 Waiting Period and Exercise Dates . At the time an Option is granted, the Administrator will fix the period within which the Option may be exercised and will determine any conditions that must be satisfied before the Option may be exercised. 
 6.5.3 Form of Consideration . The Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration for exercising an Option, including the method of payment. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option, the Administrator will determine the acceptable form of consideration at the time of grant. Such consideration may consist entirely of: (a) cash (including cash equivalents); (b) check; (c) promissory note, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, (d) other Shares, provided that such Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option will be exercised and provided further that accepting such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion; (e) consideration received by the Company under a cashless exercise program (whether through a broker or otherwise) implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; (f) by net exercise; (g) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws, or (h) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to accept, the Administrator will consider if acceptance of such consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the Company. 
 6.6 Exercise of Option . 
 6.6.1 Procedure for Exercise; Rights as a Stockholder . Any Option granted hereunder will be exercisable according to the terms of the Plan and at such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. An Option may not be exercised for a fraction of a Share. 
 An Option will be deemed exercised when the Company receives: (a) notice of exercise (in such form as the Administrator may specify from time to time) from the person entitled to exercise the Option, and (b) full payment for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised (together with applicable tax withholding). Full payment may consist of any consideration and method of payment authorized by the Administrator and permitted by the Award Agreement and the Plan. Shares issued upon exercise of an Option will be issued in the name of the Participant or, if requested by the Participant, in the 

name of the Participant and his or her spouse. Until the Shares are issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder will exist with respect to the Shares subject to an Option, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Company will issue (or cause to be issued) such Shares promptly after the Option is exercised. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 14 of the Plan. 
 Exercising an Option in any manner will decrease the number of Shares thereafter available, both for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of Shares as to which the Option is exercised. 
 6.6.2 Termination of Relationship as a Service Provider . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, other than upon the Participant s termination as the result of the Participant s death or Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option, to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of termination, within three (3) months of termination, or such shorter or longer period of time, as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator, in each case, in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified by the Administrator, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 6.6.3 Disability of Participant . If a Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option within twelve (12) months of termination, or such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent the Option is vested on the date of termination. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if on the date of termination the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will revert to the Plan. If after termination the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 6.6.4 Death of Participant . If a Participant dies while a Service Provider, the Option may be exercised within twelve (12) months following the Participant s death, or within such longer or shorter period of time as is specified in the Award Agreement or in writing by the Administrator (but in no event later than the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement) to the extent that the Option is vested on the date of death, by the Participant s designated beneficiary, provided such beneficiary has been designated prior to the Participant s death in a form (if any) acceptable to the Administrator. If no such beneficiary has been designated by the Participant, then such Option may be exercised by the personal representative of the Participant s estate or by the person(s) to whom the Option is transferred pursuant to the Participant s will or in accordance with the laws of descent and distribution (each, a Legal Representative ). If the Option is exercised pursuant to this Section 6.6.4, Participant s designated beneficiary or Legal Representative shall be subject to the terms of this Plan and the Award Agreement, including but not limited to the restrictions on transferability and forfeitability applicable to the Service Provider. Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator, if at the time of death Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Option, the Shares covered by the unvested portion of the Option will immediately revert to the Plan. If the Option is not so exercised within the time specified herein, the Option will terminate, and the Shares covered by such Option will revert to the Plan. 
 6.6.5 Tolling Expiration . A Participant s Award Agreement may also provide that: 
 (a) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of Participant s status as a Service Provider (other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would result in liability under Section 16(b), then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option set forth in the Award Agreement, or (ii) the tenth (10th) day after the last date on which such exercise would result in liability under Section 16(b); or 
 (b) if the exercise of the Option following the cessation of the Participant s status as a Service Provider (other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of Shares would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of the term of the Option or (ii) the expiration of a period of thirty (30) days after the cessation of the Participant s status as a Service Provider during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements. 
 7. Stock Appreciation Rights . 
 7.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . Subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, a Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to Service Providers at any time and from time to time as will be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. 
 7.2 Number of Shares . The Administrator will have complete discretion to determine the number of Shares subject to any Award of Stock Appreciation Rights. 

7.3 Exercise Price and Other Terms . The per Share exercise price for the Shares that will determine the amount of the payment to be received upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in Section 7.6 will be determined by the Administrator and will be no less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. Otherwise, the Administrator, subject to the provisions of the Plan, will have complete discretion to determine the terms and conditions of Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan. 
 7.4 Stock Appreciation Right Agreement . Each Stock Appreciation Right grant will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the exercise price, the term of the Stock Appreciation Right, the conditions of exercise, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 7.5 Expiration of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan will expire upon the date determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and set forth in the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the rules of Section 6.4 relating to the maximum term and Section 6.5 relating to exercise also will apply to Stock Appreciation Rights. 
 7.6 Payment of Stock Appreciation Right Amount . Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, a Participant will be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: 
 7.6.1 The difference between the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the exercise price; times 
 7.6.2 The number of Shares with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised. 
 At the discretion of the Administrator, the payment upon Stock Appreciation Right exercise may be in cash, in Shares of equivalent value, or in some combination thereof. 
 8. Restricted Stock . 
 8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Administrator, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock to Service Providers in such amounts as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. 
 8.2 Restricted Stock Agreement . Each Award of Restricted Stock will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify the Period of Restriction (if any), the number of Shares granted, and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Company as escrow agent will hold Shares of Restricted Stock until the restrictions on such Shares have lapsed. 
 8.3 Transferability . Except as provided in this Section 8 or as the Administrator determines, Shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated until the end of the applicable Period of Restriction. 
 8.4 Other Restrictions . The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may impose such other restrictions on Shares of Restricted Stock as it may deem advisable or appropriate. 
 8.5 Removal of Restrictions . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 8, Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock grant made under the Plan will be released from escrow as soon as practicable after the last day of the Period of Restriction or at such other time as the Administrator may determine. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 
 8.6 Voting Rights . During the Period of Restriction, Service Providers holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder may exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares, unless the Administrator determines otherwise. 
 8.7 Return of Restricted Stock to Company . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock for which restrictions have not lapsed will revert to the Company and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 
 9. Restricted Stock Units . 
 9.1 Grant . Restricted Stock Units may be granted at any time and from time to time as determined by the Administrator. After the Administrator determines that it will grant Restricted Stock Units, it will advise the Participant in an Award Agreement of the terms, conditions, and restrictions related to the grant, including the number of Restricted Stock Units. 
 9.2 Vesting Criteria and Other Terms . The Administrator will set vesting criteria in its discretion, which, depending on the extent to which the criteria are met, will determine the number of Restricted Stock Units that will be paid out to the Participant. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, 

or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 
 9.3 Earning Restricted Stock Units . Upon meeting the applicable vesting criteria, the Participant will be entitled to receive a payout as determined by the Administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time after the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may reduce or waive any vesting criteria that must be met to receive a payout. 
 9.4 Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Restricted Stock Units will be made at the time(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Restricted Stock Units in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 
 9.5 Cancellation . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited to the Company. 
 10. Performance Awards . 
 10.1 Award Agreement. Each Performance Award will be evidenced by an Award Agreement that will specify any time period during which any performance objectives or other vesting provisions will be measured Performance Period ), and such other terms and conditions as the Administrator determines. Each Performance Award will have an initial value that is determined by the Administrator on or before its date of grant. 
 10.2 Objectives or Vesting Provisions and Other Terms. The Administrator will set any objectives or vesting provisions that, depending on the extent to which any such objectives or vesting provisions are met, will determine the value of the payout for the Performance Awards. The Administrator may set vesting criteria based upon the achievement of Company-wide, divisional, business unit, or individual goals (including, but not limited to, continued employment or service), applicable federal or state securities laws, or any other basis determined by the Administrator in its discretion. 
 10.3 Earning Performance Awards . After an applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of a Performance Award will be entitled to receive a payout for the Performance Award earned by the Participant over the Performance Period. The Administrator, in its discretion, may reduce or waive any performance objectives or other vesting provisions for such Performance Award. 
 10.4 Form and Timing of Payment . Payment of earned Performance Awards will be made at the time(s) determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Award Agreement. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may settle earned Performance Awards in cash, Shares, or a combination of both. 
 10.5 Cancellation of Performance Awards . On the date set forth in the Award Agreement, all unearned or unvested Performance Awards will be forfeited to the Company, and again will be available for grant under the Plan. 
 11. Compliance With Section 409A . Awards will be designed and operated in such a manner that they are either exempt from the application of, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A, except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. The Plan and each Award Agreement under the Plan is intended to be exempt from or meet the requirements of Section 409A and will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent (including with respect to any ambiguities or ambiguous terms), except as otherwise determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator. To the extent that an Award or payment, or the settlement or deferral thereof, is subject to Section 409A the Award will be granted, paid, settled or deferred in a manner that will meet the requirements of Section 409A, such that the grant, payment, settlement or deferral will not be subject to the additional tax or interest applicable under Section 409A. In no event will the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless a Participant (or any other person) in respect of Awards, for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed on, or other costs incurred by, Participant (or any other person) as a result of Section 409A. 
 12. Leaves of Absence/Transfer Between Locations . Unless the Administrator provides otherwise or as otherwise required by Applicable Laws, vesting of Awards granted hereunder will be suspended during any unpaid leave of absence. A Participant will not cease to be an Employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the Company or (b) transfers between locations of the Company or between the Company, its Parent, or any of its Subsidiaries. For purposes of Incentive Stock Options, no such leave may exceed three (3) months, unless reemployment upon expiration of such leave is guaranteed by statute or contract. If reemployment upon expiration of a leave of absence approved by the Company is not so guaranteed, then six (6) months following the first (1st) day of such leave, any Incentive Stock Option held by the Participant will cease to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option and will be treated for tax purposes as a Nonstatutory Stock Option. 

13. Limited Transferability of Awards . Unless determined otherwise by the Administrator, Awards may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (which, for purposes of clarification, shall be deemed to include through a beneficiary designation if available in accordance with Section 6.6), and may be exercised, during the lifetime of the Participant, only by the Participant. If the Administrator makes an Award transferable, such Award will contain such additional terms and conditions as the Administrator deems appropriate. 
 14. Adjustments; Dissolution or Liquidation; Merger or Change in Control . 
 14.1 Adjustments . In the event that any extraordinary dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Shares, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, reclassification, repurchase, or exchange of Shares or other securities of the Company, or other change in the corporate structure of the Company affecting the Shares occurs (other than any ordinary dividends or other ordinary distributions), the Administrator, in order to prevent diminution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan, will adjust the number and class of shares of stock that may be delivered under the Plan and/or the number, class, and price of shares of stock covered by each outstanding Award, and numerical Share limits in Section 3. 
 14.2 Dissolution or Liquidation . In the event of the proposed dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the Administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction. To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 
 14.3 Merger or Change in Control . In the event of a merger of the Company with or into another corporation or other entity or a Change in Control, each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines (subject to the provisions of the following paragraph) without a Participant s consent, including, without limitation, that (a) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation (or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (b) upon written notice to a Participant, that the Participant s Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or Change in Control; (c) outstanding Awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable, or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such merger or Change in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or Change in Control; (d) (i) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (ii) the replacement of such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (e) any combination of the foregoing. In taking any of the actions permitted under this Section 14.3, the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, all Awards of the same type, or all portions of Awards, similarly. 
 In the event that the successor corporation does not assume or substitute for the Award (or portion thereof), the Participant will fully vest in and have the right to exercise his or her outstanding Options and Stock Appreciation Rights (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for, including Shares as to which such Awards would not otherwise be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Shares and Performance Units (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting (or portions thereof) not assumed or substituted for, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, in each case, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable. In addition, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, if an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or portion thereof) is not assumed or substituted in the event of a merger or Change in Control, the Administrator will notify the Participant in writing or electronically that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (or its applicable portion) will terminate upon the expiration of such period. 
 For the purposes of this Section 14.3 and Section 14.4 below, an Award will be considered assumed if, following the merger or Change in Control, the Award confers the right to purchase or receive, for each Share subject to the Award immediately prior to the merger or Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, or other securities or property) received in the merger or Change in Control by holders of Common Stock for each Share held on the effective date of the transaction (and if holders were offered a choice of consideration, the type of consideration chosen by the holders of a majority of the outstanding Shares); provided, however, that if such consideration received in the merger or Change in Control is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent, the Administrator may, with the consent of the successor corporation, 

provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right or upon the payout of a Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Unit or Performance Share, for each Share subject to such Award, to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its Parent equal in fair market value to the per share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the merger or Change in Control. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14.3 to the contrary, an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out upon the satisfaction of one or more performance goals will not be considered assumed if the Company or its successor modifies any of such performance goals without the Participant s consent, in all cases, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable; provided, however, a modification to such performance goals only to reflect the successor corporation s post-Change in Control corporate structure will not be deemed to invalidate an otherwise valid Award assumption. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 14.3 to the contrary, and unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if an Award that vests, is earned or paid-out under an Award Agreement is subject to Section 409A and if the change in control definition contained in the Award Agreement (or other agreement related to the Award, as applicable) does not comply with the definition of change in control for purposes of a distribution under Section 409A, then any payment of an amount that is otherwise accelerated under this Section will be delayed until the earliest time that such payment would be permissible under Section 409A without triggering any penalties applicable under Section 409A. 
 14.4 Outside Director Awards . With respect to Awards granted to an Outside Director, the Outside Director will fully vest in and have the right to exercise Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights as to all of the Shares underlying such Award, including those Shares which otherwise would not be vested or exercisable, all restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units will lapse, and, with respect to Awards with performance-based vesting, all performance goals or other vesting criteria will be deemed achieved at one hundred percent (100 of target levels and all other terms and conditions met, unless specifically provided otherwise under the applicable Award Agreement or other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any of its Parent or Subsidiaries, as applicable. 
 15. Award Limitations . 
 (a) Outside Director Award Limitations . No Outside Director may be paid, issued, or granted, in any Fiscal Year, equity awards (including any Awards issued under this Plan) with an aggregate value (the value of which will be based on their grant date fair value determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles) and any other compensation (including without limitation any cash retainers or fees) that, in the aggregate, exceed 750,000, increased to 1,000,000 for such Outside Director for the Fiscal Year in which he or she joins the Board as an Outside Director. Any Awards or other compensation paid or provided to an individual for his or her services as an Employee, or for his or her services as a Consultant (other than as an Outside Director), will not count for purposes of the limitation under this Section 15(a). 
 (b) Dividends and Other Distributions . Service Providers holding Awards granted under the Plan will not be entitled to receive any dividends or other distributions paid with respect to Shares underlying any such Award until such Award has fully vested, and all Periods of Restriction with respect to such Award has lapsed, and Shares have been issued (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company) pursuant to such Award. 
 16. Tax Withholding . 
 16.1 Withholding Requirements . Prior to the delivery of any Shares or cash pursuant to an Award (or exercise thereof) or such earlier time as any tax withholdings are due, the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates employing or retaining the services of a Participant, as applicable) will have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company (or any of its Parent, Subsidiaries, or affiliates, as applicable) or a relevant tax authority, an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S., and other taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required to be withheld or paid with respect to such Award (or exercise thereof). 
 16.2 Withholding Arrangements . The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit a Participant to satisfy such tax liability or withholding obligation, in whole or in part by such methods as the Administrator shall determine, including, without limitation, (a) paying cash, (b) electing to have the Company withhold otherwise deliverable cash or Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (c) delivering to the Company already-owned Shares having a fair market value equal to the statutory amount required to be withheld or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine, in each case, provided the delivery of such Shares will not result in any adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion, (d) selling a sufficient number of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant through such means as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the amount required to be withheld or paid, (e) such other consideration and method of payment for the meeting of tax liabilities or withholding obligations as the Administrator may determine to the extent permitted by Applicable 

Laws, or (f) any combination of the foregoing methods of payment. The amount of the withholding requirement will be deemed to include any amount which the Administrator agrees may be withheld at the time the election is made, not to exceed the amount determined by using the maximum federal, state or local marginal income tax rates applicable to the Participant with respect to the Award on the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined or such greater amount as the Administrator may determine if such amount would not have adverse accounting consequences, as the Administrator determines in its sole discretion. The fair market value of the Shares to be withheld or delivered will be determined as of the date that the taxes are required to be withheld. 
 17. No Effect on Employment or Service . Neither the Plan nor any Award will confer upon a Participant any right with respect to continuing the Participant s relationship as a Service Provider with the Company or its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, nor will they interfere in any way with the Participant s right or the right of the Company and its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 18. Date of Grant . The date of grant of an Award will be, for all purposes, the date on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other later date as is determined by the Administrator. Notice of the determination will be provided to each Participant within a reasonable time after the date of such grant. 
 19. Term of Plan . Subject to Section 23 of the Plan, the Plan will become effective as of its adoption by the Board. The Plan will continue in effect until terminated under Section 20, but no Options that qualify as incentive stock options within the meaning of Code Section 422 may be granted after ten (10) years from the earlier of the Board or stockholder approval of the Plan. 
 20. Amendment and Termination of the Plan . 
 20.1 Amendment and Termination . The Administrator may at any time amend, alter, suspend or terminate the Plan. 
 20.2 Stockholder Approval . The Company will obtain stockholder approval of any Plan amendment to the extent necessary and desirable to comply with Applicable Laws. 
 20.3 Effect of Amendment or Termination . No amendment, alteration, suspension or termination of the Plan will materially impair the rights of any Participant, unless mutually agreed otherwise between the Participant and the Administrator, which agreement must be in writing and signed by the Participant and the Company. Termination of the Plan will not affect the Administrator s ability to exercise the powers granted to it hereunder with respect to Awards granted under the Plan prior to the date of such termination. 
 21. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares . 
 21.1 Legal Compliance . Shares will not be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Award unless the exercise of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares will comply with Applicable Laws and will be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 
 21.2 Investment Representations . As a condition to the exercise of an Award, the Company may require the person exercising such Award to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required. 
 22. Inability to Obtain Authority . The inability of the Company to obtain authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction or to complete or comply with the requirements of any registration or other qualification of the Shares under any U.S. state or federal law or non-U.S. law or under the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the stock exchange on which Shares of the same class are then listed, or any other governmental or regulatory body, which authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary or advisable for the issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, will relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority, registration, qualification or rule compliance will not have been obtained. 
 23. Stockholder Approval . The Plan will be subject to approval by the stockholders of the Company within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. Such stockholder approval will be obtained in the manner and to the degree required under Applicable Laws. 
 24. Forfeiture Events . The Administrator may specify in an Award Agreement that the Participant s rights, payments, and benefits with respect to an Award will be subject to the reduction, cancellation, forfeiture, recoupment, reimbursement, or reacquisition upon the occurrence of certain specified events, in addition to any otherwise applicable vesting or performance conditions of an Award. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary under this Plan, an Award shall be subject to the Company s clawback policy as may be established and/or amended from time to time to comply with Applicable Laws (including 

without limitation pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as may be required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) (the Clawback Policy ). The Administrator may require a Participant to forfeit, return or reimburse the Company all or a portion of the Award and any amounts paid thereunder pursuant to the terms of the Clawback Policy or as necessary or appropriate to comply with Applicable Laws. Unless this Section 24 specifically is mentioned and waived in an Award Agreement or other document, no recovery of compensation under a Clawback Policy or otherwise will constitute an event that triggers or contributes to any right of a Participant to resign for good reason or constructive termination (or similar term) under any agreement with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 fbrx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Forte Biosciences, Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Forte Subsidiary, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

Forte Biosciences Emerald Limited 
 
 Ireland 

Inclusion on the list above is not an admission that any of the above entities, individually or in the aggregate, constitutes a significant subsidiary within the meaning of Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X and Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 fbrx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-265823, 333-235852, 333-244407, 333-217300, 333-223558, 333-229963 and 333-255125 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-256611 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Forte Biosciences, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C. 
 
 San Diego, California 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 fbrx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Dr. Paul Wagner, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K/Annual Report of Forte Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Paul Wagner 

Dr. Paul Wagner 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 fbrx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Antony Riley, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K/Annual Report of Forte Biosciences, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Antony Riley 

Antony Riley 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 fbrx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Forte Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Dr. Paul Wagner 

Dr. Paul Wagner 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 fbrx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the annual report of Forte Biosciences, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Antony Riley 

Antony Riley 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 fbrx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 fbrx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 fbrx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 fbrx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 fbrx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

