<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230213_10-K_edgar_data_1090009_0001206774-23-000172.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16438550</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>383469</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2104485</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6484245</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3303259</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3495339</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001206774-23-000172.hdr.sgml : 20230213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230213154125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001206774-23-000172
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001090009
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				582459561
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			SC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-27719
		FILM NUMBER:		23617872

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 VERDAE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8646799000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6 VERDAE BOULEVARD
		CITY:			GREENVILLE
		STATE:			SC
		ZIP:			29607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREENVILLE FIRST BANCSHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001206774-23-000172.txt : 20230213

10-K
 1
 sfst4117611-10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual
Report Pursuant To Section 13 Or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For The Fiscal Year , . 

Or 

Transition Report Pursuant To Section
13 Or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the Transition Period from ___________ to ________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

864-679-9000 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Global Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated
filer Smaller reporting
company Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
 No 

The aggregate market value of the common equity
held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 (based on the average bid and ask price of the Common Stock as quoted on
the NASDAQ Global Market on June 30, 2022), was . 

shares of the registrant s common
stock were outstanding as of February 7, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
 of the registrant s Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 are incorporated
 by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K where indicated. 

Table of Contents 

Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 

Index to Form 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 43 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 43 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 46 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 65 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 111 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 111 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 111 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 111 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 111 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 111 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 111 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 111 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 112 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 116 

2 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements may relate to our financial
condition, results of operation, plans, business strategy, objectives, or future performance. These statements are based on many assumptions
and estimates and are not guarantees of future performance. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking
statements, as they will depend on many factors about which we are unsure, including many factors which are beyond our control. The words
 may, would, could, should, will, seek to, strive, 
 focus, expect, anticipate, predict, project, potential, 
 believe, continue, assume, intend, plan, and estimate, 
as well as similar expressions, are meant to identify such forward-looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties that could cause
our actual results to differ from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those described
below under Item 1A. Risk Factors and the following: 

Restrictions or conditions imposed by our regulators
on our operations; 

Increases in competitive pressure in the banking
and financial services industries; 

Changes in access to funding or increased regulatory
requirements with regard to funding; 

Changes in deposit flows; 

Credit losses as a result of declining real estate
values, increasing interest rates, increasing unemployment, changes in payment behavior or other factors; 

Credit losses due to loan concentration; 

Changes in the amount of our loan portfolio collateralized
by real estate and weaknesses in the real estate market; 

Our ability to successfully execute our business
strategy; 

Our ability to attract and retain key personnel;

The success and costs of our expansion into the
Charlotte, North Carolina, Greensboro, North Carolina and Atlanta, Georgia markets and into potential new markets; 

Risks with respect to future mergers or acquisitions,
including our ability to successfully expand and integrate the businesses and operations that we acquire and realize the anticipated benefits
of the mergers or acquisitions; 

Changes in the interest rate environment which
could reduce anticipated or actual margins; 

Changes in political conditions or the legislative
or regulatory environment, including new governmental initiatives affecting the financial services industry; 

Changes in economic conditions resulting in, among
other things, a deterioration in credit quality; 

Changes occurring in business conditions and inflation;

Increased cybersecurity risk, including potential
business disruptions or financial losses; 

Changes in technology; 

The adequacy of the level of our allowance for
credit losses and the amount of loan loss provisions required in future periods; 

Examinations by our regulatory authorities, including
the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses or write-down
assets; 

Changes in U.S. monetary policy, the level and
volatility of interest rates, the capital markets and other market conditions that may affect, among other things, our liquidity and the
value of our assets and liabilities; 

The rate of delinquencies and amounts of loans
charged-off; 

The rate of loan growth in recent years and the
lack of seasoning of a portion of our loan portfolio; 

Our ability to maintain appropriate levels of
capital and to comply with our capital ratio requirements; 

3 

Table of Contents 

Adverse changes in asset quality and resulting
credit risk-related losses and expenses; 

Changes in accounting standards, rules and interpretations
and the related impact on our financial statements, including the effects from our adoption of the current expected credit losses CECL model on January 1, 2022; 

Risks associated with actual or potential litigation
or investigations by customers, regulatory agencies or others; 

Adverse effects of failures by our vendors to
provide agreed upon services in the manner and at the cost agreed; 

The continuing impact of COVID-19 and its variants
on our business, including the impact of the actions taken by governmental authorities to try and contain the virus or address the impact
of the virus on the United States economy and the resulting effect of these items on our operations, liquidity and capital position, and
on the financial condition of our borrowers and other customers; 

The potential effects of events beyond our control
that may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and the economy, such as epidemics and pandemics (including COVID-19), war or
terrorist activities, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, disruptions in our customers supply chains, disruptions in transportation,
essential utility outages or trade disputes and related tariffs; and 

Other risks and uncertainties detailed in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and, from time to time, in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or if any of the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements proves to be incorrect, our results could differ materially from
those expressed in, implied or projected by, such forward-looking statements. For information with respect to factors that could cause
actual results to differ from the expectations stated in the forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors under Part I,
Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We urge investors to consider all of these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make these forward-looking as of the date of this document and we do not intend,
and assume no obligation, to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those
expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. 

4 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

General 

Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (the
 Company was incorporated in March 1999 under the laws of South Carolina and is a bank holding company registered under
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (the BHCA ). Our primary business is to serve as the holding company for Southern First
Bank (the Bank ), a South Carolina state bank. The Bank is a commercial bank with eight retail offices located in the Greenville,
Columbia, and Charleston markets of South Carolina, three retail offices in the Raleigh, Greensboro, and Charlotte markets of North Carolina
and one retail office in Atlanta, Georgia. 

The Bank is primarily engaged in the business of
accepting demand deposits and savings deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC ), and providing
commercial, consumer and mortgage loans to the general public. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to the Company, we, us, our, or similar references mean Southern First Bancshares,
Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe that the following business strengths
have been instrumental to the success of our core operations. We believe these attributes will enable us to continue profitable growth,
while remaining fundamentally sound and driving value to our shareholders. 

Simple and Efficient ClientFIRST Model. 
We operate our Bank using a simple and efficient style of banking that is focused on providing core banking products and services to our
clients through a team of talented and experienced bankers. We refer to this model as ClientFIRST and it is structured to
deliver superior client service via relationship teams, which provide each client with a specific banker contact and a consistent
support team responsible for all of the client s banking needs. We believe this model results in a consistent and superior level
of professional service that provides us with a distinct competitive advantage by enabling us to build and maintain long-term relationships
with desirable clients, enhancing the quality and stability of our funding and lending operations and positioning us to take advantage
of future growth opportunities in our existing markets. We also believe that this client focused culture has led to our successful expansion
into new markets in the past, and will enable us to be successful if we seek to expand into new markets in the future. 

Our ClientFIRST model focuses on achieving cost
efficiencies by diligently managing the growth of our number of employees and banking offices. We believe that the identification of talented
bankers will drive our growth strategy, as opposed to a more general desire to enter a specific geography or market. This strategy translates
into a smaller number of brick and mortar offices relative to our size and compared to peer banks, but larger overall deposit balances
in our offices as compared to peers. As a result, our offices average approximately 241.5 million in total deposits. We believe this
style of banking allows us to deliver exceptional client service, while achieving lower efficiency ratios relative to certain of our local
competitors, as evidenced by our 58.7 efficiency ratio for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

We continue to make significant investments in
our IT systems and technology offerings to our clients that we believe will continue to drive low-cost deposit growth. We believe that
our current mobile banking, on-line banking and cash management offerings are industry-leading solutions amongst community banks, and
we plan to continue to invest in the latest technology solutions to enable us to meet the evolving needs of our clients and maintain this
competitive advantage over other community banks. 

Attractive South Carolina, North Carolina,
and Georgia Markets. We have eight banking offices located in Greenville, Columbia and Charleston, South Carolina, which are the
three largest markets in South Carolina; three banking offices located in Charlotte, Raleigh and Greensboro, North Carolina, which are
the three largest markets in North Carolina; and one banking office located in Atlanta, Georgia, which is the largest market in Georgia.
The following table illustrates our market share, by insured deposits as of the dates indicated, in these seven markets: 

5 

Table of Contents 

Market (1) 
 Total Offices 
 Our Market Deposits at June 30, 2022 
 Total
 Market Deposits (2) 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Greenville 
 4 
 1,460,626 
 25,218,321 
 
 Charleston 
 3 
 521,475 
 22,656,971 
 
 Columbia 
 1 
 316,055 
 28,466,667 
 
 Atlanta 
 1 
 338,687 
 244,180,869 
 
 Raleigh 
 1 
 159,423 
 54,910,957 
 
 Greensboro 
 1 
 76,718 
 18,649,394 
 
 Charlotte 
 1 
 17,922 
 336,499,725 

(1) Represents the metropolitan statistical area MSA for each market. 

(2) The total market deposits data displayed are as of June 30,
2022 as reported by the FDIC. 

Greenville. The city of Greenville is located
in Greenville County, South Carolina approximately midway between Atlanta and Charlotte on the heavily traveled I-85 business corridor.
The Greenville-Anderson MSA is the most populous market in South Carolina with an estimated 940,774 residents as reported in March 2022.
The median household income for the Greenville-Anderson-Mauldin MSA was 62,265 for 2021. A large and diverse metropolitan area, the Greenville-Anderson
MSA is one of the southeast region s premier areas for business, serving as headquarters for Michelin and Current Lighting (formerly
Hubbell Lighting) as well as hosting significant operations for BMW and Lockheed Martin. 

Charleston . The city of Charleston is located
in Charleston County, South Carolina. The Charleston-North Charleston MSA is the third most populous market in the state with an estimated
population of 813,052 residents as reported in March 2022. Charleston is home to the deepest port in the Southeast and boasts top companies
in the aerospace, biomedical and technology fields such as Boeing, the Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) and Blackbaud. The
median household income for the Charleston-North Charleston MSA was approximately 72,719 for 2021. One of our retail offices in the Charleston
market is located in the city of Mount Pleasant, which is located just north of Charleston in Charleston County and ranks as the fourth
largest city in South Carolina. 

Columbia . The city of Columbia is located
in Richland County, South Carolina and its surrounding suburban areas expand into adjoining Lexington County. Columbia is the state capital,
the largest city in the state and the home of the University of South Carolina and Fort Jackson, the Army s largest Initial Entry
Training Center. The Columbia MSA is the second most populous market in the state with an estimated population of 836,324 residents as
reported in March 2022. The median household income for the Columbia MSA was 58,213 for 2021. 

Raleigh . The city of Raleigh is the second
largest city in the state of North Carolina and is located in Wake County, North Carolina. The Raleigh-Cary MSA is one of the most populous
markets in the state with an estimated population of 1.45 million residents as reported in March 2022. Raleigh is the state capital and
is home to North Carolina State University and is part of the Research Triangle area, together with Durham, North Carolina (home of Duke
University) and Chapel Hill, North Carolina (home of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill). The median household income for
the Raleigh-Cary MSA was approximately 85,303 for 2021. 

Greensboro . The city of Greensboro is the
third largest city in North Carolina and is located in Guilford County, North Carolina. The Greensboro-High Point MSA is one of the most
populous markets in the state of North Carolina with an estimated population of 778,848 thousand residents as reported in March 2022.
Greensboro has traditionally been a fixture in the textiles, tobacco and furniture industries while also moving towards an increased presence
of high-tech, aviation and transportation/logistics sectors. Greensboro, along with Winston-Salem and High Point, is commonly referred
to as the Triad region of North Carolina and is home to companies such as Honda Aircraft, Lincoln Financial Group and Volvo Trucks of
North America. The median household income for the Greensboro-High Point MSA was approximately 57,908 for 2021. 

Charlotte . The city of Charlotte is the
largest city in the state and is located in Mecklenburg County, North Carolina. The Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia MSA is the most populous
market in the state of North Carolina with an estimated population of 2.7 million residents as reported in March 2022. Charlotte is the
second largest banking city in the United States after New York and is home to the corporate headquarters of Bank of America, Truist Financial,
and the east coast headquarters of Wells Fargo. Charlotte is also home to many Fortune 500 companies including Duke Energy, Honeywell
and Lowe s. The median household income for the Charlotte-Concord-Gastonia MSA was approximately 71,041 for 2021. 

6 

Table of Contents 

Atlanta . The Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta
MSA has the eighth largest population in the U.S. with 6.14 million residents as reported in March 2022. Atlanta is the state capital
of, and largest city in, Georgia and is the world headquarters of corporations such as Coca-Cola, Home Depot, UPS, Delta Airlines and
Turner Broadcasting. The median household income for the Atlanta-Sandy Springs-Alpharetta MSA is 77,589 for 2021. 

We believe that the demographics and growth characteristics
of these seven markets will provide us with significant opportunities to further develop existing client relationships and expand our
client base. 

Data related to the estimated population and median
household income for each of the markets presented above is from the Federal Reserve Economic Data FRED online database. 

Experienced Management Team, Dedicated Board
of Directors and Talented Employees. Our senior management team is led by R. Arthur Seaver, Jr., Calvin C. Hurst, Michael D. Dowling,
William M. Aiken, and Silvia T. King, and whose biographies are included below. These executives lead a team of 26 additional senior team
members which we believe compares favorably to any community bank management team assembled in South Carolina. 

R. Arthur Art Seaver, Jr .
has served as the Chief Executive Officer of our Company and our Bank since 1999. He has over 35 years of banking experience. From 1986
until 1992, Mr. Seaver held various positions with The Citizens Southern National Bank of South Carolina. From 1992 until February
1999, he was with Greenville National Bank, which was acquired by Regions Bank in 1998. He was the Senior Vice President in lending and
was also responsible for managing Greenville National Bank s deposit strategies prior to leaving to form the Bank. Mr. Seaver is
a 1986 graduate of Clemson University with a bachelor s degree in Financial Management and a 1999 graduate of the BAI Graduate School
of Community Bank Management. 

Calvin C. Hurst has served as Chief Banking
Officer of our Company and our Bank since March 2019 and as President since August 2022. Mr. Hurst has over 15 years of banking experience.
From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Hurst served as a commercial underwriter for RBC Bank, and from 2008 to 2015 he served as commercial relationship
manager for PNC Bank. Before joining Southern First, Mr. Hurst served as regional vice president for TD Bank. Mr. Hurst is a 2005 graduate
of Furman University, with a Bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Economics. 

Michael D. Dowling has served as an Executive
Vice President and the Chief Financial Officer of our Company and our Bank since 2011 and as Chief Operating Officer since July 2019.
He has over 25 years of experience in the banking industry. Mr. Dowling was previously employed with KPMG LLP from 1994 until 2011, including
most recently as an Audit Partner (2005-2011) and a member of KPMG s Financial Services practice. Mr. Dowling has extensive experience
working with public companies and financial institutions. He is a 1993 graduate of Clemson University, with a degree in Accounting and
is a CPA in South Carolina and North Carolina. On January 25, 2023, the Company announced Mr. Dowling was resigning effective February
15, 2023, to lead a large sophisticated medical group, which is a long-standing client of the Bank. 

William M. Aiken, III has served as a Senior
Executive Vice President and Chief Risk officer of our Company and our Bank since 2021 and previously served as an executive credit risk
officer since 2020. He has over 25 years in the banking industry. Mr. Aiken has served in various roles at several banks during
his career including most recently as a Chief Commercial Credit officer at a regional bank. He is a 1996 graduate of Clemson University,
with a degree in Financial Management. 

Silvia T. King has served as Chief Human
Resources Officer of our Company and our Bank since March 2018. Ms. King has over 20 years of Human Resources leadership experience. From
2003 to 2009, Ms. King served in various human resource and senior management roles with Monsanto Company and Select Comfort Corporation.
From 2009 to 2016, Ms. King served as senior human resources consultant for FGP International, a professional staffing firm in Greenville,
South Carolina, and most recently as a human resources instructor with e-Cornell University. Ms. King holds degrees in Psychology and
International Marketing from Clemson University and a Master of Human Resources degree from the University of South Carolina. 

In addition to Messrs. Seaver, Hurst, Dowling,
Aiken and Ms. King, our executive management team consists of 15 individuals who bring an average of 28 years of experience in the banking
industry. 

The management team is complemented by our dedicated
board of directors with extensive local market knowledge and a wide range of experience including accounting, business, banking, manufacturing,
insurance, management and finance. We believe that our management s and board s incentives are closely aligned with our shareholders
through the ownership of a substantial amount of our stock. As of December 31, 2022, our executive officers and board of directors 

7 

Table of Contents 

owned
an aggregate of 612,503 shares of our common stock, including options to purchase shares of our common stock, which represented approximately
7.59 of the fully-diluted amount of our common stock outstanding. We believe that our officers and directors experience
and local market knowledge are valuable assets and will enable them to guide us successfully in the future. 

In addition, we believe that we have assembled
a group of highly talented employees by being an employer of choice in the markets we serve. We employed a total of 293 FTE employees
as of December 31, 2022. Our employees are skilled in the areas of banking, information technology, management, sales, advertising and
marketing, among others. We strive to provide an umbrella for great talent, characterized by a culture of transparency and
collaboration which permeates all levels of the organization. To drive our culture of transparency and collaboration, our employees engage
in a series of weekly meetings to understand the goals and plan for each week. These meetings are intended to remind our employees of
our vision, strategy and ClientFIRST service, and provide our employees with information regarding monthly and quarterly goals and client
or prospect needs. In addition, each week is started with a meeting of all Senior and Executive Vice Presidents so that all team members
are informed on the latest developments of our Company. Our employees and their ClientFIRST approach to service have been instrumental
to our success. 

Our Business Strategy 

We are focused on growing business relationships
and building core deposits, profitable loans and noninterest income. We believe that we have built a dynamic franchise that meets the
financial needs of our clients by providing an array of personalized products and services delivered by seasoned banking professionals
with knowledge of our local markets. Our overall strategic goal is to provide the highest level of service to our clients while achieving
high-performance metrics within the community banking market that drive franchise and shareholder value. Our specific business strategies
include: 

Focus on Profitable and Efficient Growth. 
Our executive management team and board of directors are dedicated to producing profits and returns for our shareholders. We actively
manage the mix of assets and liabilities on our balance sheet to optimize our net interest margin while also maintaining expense controls
and developing noninterest income streams. By continually striving to build a well-structured balance sheet, we seek to increase profitability
and improve our return on average assets, return on average equity and efficiency ratio. We believe that, as the economy continues to
improve, our focus on maximizing our net interest margin and minimizing our efficiency ratio while maintaining credit quality controls
will translate into continued and improved profitability and shareholder returns. We are committed to enhancing these levels of profitability
by focusing on our core competencies of commercial lending and core deposit gathering. We believe that we have the infrastructure currently
in place, such as technology, support staff and administration, to support expansion with limited associated noninterest expense increases. 

Provide a Distinctive Client Experience. 
Our markets have been subject to consolidation of local community banks primarily by larger, out-of-state financial institutions. We believe
there is a large client base in our markets that prefers doing business with a local institution and may be dissatisfied with the service
offered by national and larger regional banks. We believe that the exceptional level of professional service provided to our clients as
a result of our ClientFIRST model provides us with a distinct competitive advantage over our local competitors. We also believe that technology
innovation will continue to play a critical role in retaining clients and winning new business. We believe that our current mobile banking,
on-line banking and cash management offerings are industry-leading solutions amongst community banks. During 2022, 71 of deposits were
acquired through our office network, 23 came through the commercial remote deposit capture channel and the remaining 6 came through
consumer mobile deposits. We believe that the volume in remote deposit capture and mobile deposit channels will continue to increase over
time as more clients become acquainted with the convenience these services provide. By delivering superior professional service through
our ClientFIRST model, coupled with our deep understanding of our markets and our commitment to providing the latest technology solutions
to meet our clients banking needs, we believe that we can attract new clients and expand our total loans and deposits. 

Maintain a Rigorous Risk Management Infrastructure. 
As we grow, one of our top priorities is to continue to build a robust enterprise risk management infrastructure. We believe effective
risk management requires a culture of risk management and governance throughout the Company. The legislative and regulatory landscape
continues to quickly evolve, so we are continually performing risk assessments throughout the organization and re-allocating resources
where appropriate. We will continue to add new resources and technology investments to help enhance all of our risk management processes
throughout the Bank. Our risk management success is exemplified by our historic credit risk management and disciplined underwriting practices,
which have enabled us to successfully grow our balance sheet while maintaining strong credit quality metrics. We do not reduce our credit
standards or pricing discipline to generate new loans. In addition, we are heavily focused on compliance risk and cybersecurity risk,
as both of these risks have increased since our inception. Our management team continually analyzes emerging fraud and security risks
and utilizes tools, strategies and policies to manage risk while delivering an optimal and appropriate client experience. We believe our
risk 

8 

Table of Contents 

management structure allows our board and senior management to maintain effective oversight of our risks to ensure that our personnel
are following prudent and appropriate risk management practices resulting in strong loan quality and minimal credit losses. 

Attract Talented Banking Professionals With
A ClientFIRST Focus. We believe that our ability to attract and retain banking professionals with strong community
relationships and significant knowledge of our markets will continue to drive our success and grow our business in an efficient manner.
By focusing on experienced, established bankers who deliver exceptional client service through our ClientFIRST model, we believe we can
enhance our market position and add profitable growth opportunities. We believe that the strength of our exceptional client service and
relationship banking approach will continue to help us attract these established bankers. In recent years, we have invested in our internal
infrastructure, including support and back office personnel, and we believe that we can continue to add experienced frontline bankers
to our existing markets, which will drive our efficient growth. 

We will continue to expand our franchise, but only
in a controlled manner and as permitted by our regulators. We may choose to open new locations, but only after rigorous due diligence
and substantial quantitative analysis regarding the financial and capital impacts of such investments. We may also seek to enter new metropolitan
markets contiguous to, or nearby, our current South Carolina footprint, such as our recently opened expansions in Greensboro and Charlotte,
North Carolina, but only after careful study and the identification and vetting of a local, senior level banking team with significant
experience and reputational strength in that market and receipt of any applicable regulatory approvals. We have not yet supplemented our
historic strategy of organic deposit and loan growth with traditional mergers or acquisitions. We evaluate potential acquisition opportunities
that we believe would be complementary to our business as part of our growth strategy. However, we have not yet identified any specific
acquisition opportunity that meets our strict requirements and do not have any immediate plans, arrangements or understandings relating
to any acquisition. Furthermore, we do not believe an acquisition is necessary to successfully drive our growth and execute our ClientFIRST
model. 

Lending Activities 

General. We emphasize a range of lending
services, including real estate, commercial, and equity-line consumer loans to individuals and small- to medium-sized businesses and professional
firms that are located in or conduct a substantial portion of their business in our market area. Our underwriting standards vary for each
type of loan, as described below. Because loans typically provide higher interest yields than other types of interest-earning assets,
we invest a substantial percentage of our earning assets in our loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, we had net loans of 3.23 billion,
representing 87.6 of our total assets. 

We have focused our lending activities primarily
on the professional sector in each of our markets including doctors, dentists, and small business owners. By focusing on this client base
and by serving each client with a consistent relationship team of bankers, we have generated a loan portfolio with larger average loan
amounts than we believe is typical for a community bank. As of December 31, 2022, our average loan size was approximately 350,000. At
the same time, we have strived to maintain a diversified loan portfolio and limit the amount of our loans to any single client. As of
December 31, 2022, our ten largest client loan relationships represented approximately 299.6 million, or 9.15 , of our loan portfolio. 

Loan Approval . Certain credit risks are
inherent in making loans. These include prepayment risks, risks resulting from uncertainties in the future value of collateral, risks
resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions, and risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers. We attempt to mitigate
repayment risks by adhering to internal credit policies and procedures. These policies and procedures include officer and client lending
limits, a multi-layered approval process for larger loans, documentation examination, and follow-up procedures for any exceptions to credit
policies. Our loan approval policies provide for various levels of officer lending authority. When the amount of aggregate loans to a
single borrower exceeds an individual officer s lending authority, the loan request will be considered for approval by a team of
officers led by a senior lender, or by the voting members of the Credit Approval Support Team CAST committee, based on
the loan amount. The CAST committee, which is comprised of a group of our senior commercial lenders, chief banking officer, and chief
executive officer, has pre-determined lending limits, and any loans in excess of this lending limit will be submitted for approval by
the finance committee of our board or by the full board. We do not make any loans to any director or executive officer of the Bank unless
the loan is approved by the board of directors of the Bank and all loans to directors, officers and employees are on terms not more favorable
to such person than would be available to a person not affiliated with the Bank, consistent with federal banking regulations. 

Management monitors exposure to credit risk from
potential concentrations of loans to particular borrowers or groups of borrowers, industries and geographic regions, as well as concentrations
of lending products and practices such as loans that subject borrowers to substantial payment increases (e.g. principal deferral periods,
loans with initial interest-only 

9 

Table of Contents 

periods, etc.), and loans with high loan-to-value ratios. These types of loans are subject to strict
underwriting standards and are more closely monitored than a loan with a low loan-to-value ratio. Furthermore, there are industry practices
that could subject us to increased credit risk should economic conditions change over the course of a loan s life. For example,
we make variable rate loans and fixed rate principal-amortizing loans with maturities prior to the loan being fully paid (i.e. balloon
payment loans). The various types of loans are individually underwritten and monitored to manage the associated risks. 

Credit Administration and Loan Review . We
maintain a continuous loan review system. We also apply a credit grading system to each loan, and we use an independent process to review
the loan files on a test basis to assess the grading of each loan. We periodically review performance benchmarks established by management
in the areas of nonperforming assets, charge-offs, past dues, and loan documentation. Each loan officer is responsible for each loan he
or she makes, regardless of whether other individuals or committees joined in the approval. This responsibility continues until the loan
is repaid or until the loan is officially assigned to another officer. 

Lending Limits. Our lending activities are
subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal and state laws and regulations. In general, the Bank is subject to a legal limit
on loans to a single borrower equal to 15 of the Bank s capital and unimpaired surplus. Based upon the capitalization of the Bank
at December 31, 2022, the maximum amount we could lend to one borrower was 55.0 million. However, to mitigate concentration risk, our
internal lending limit at December 31, 2022 was 38.5 million and may vary based on our assessment of the lending relationship. The board
of directors will adjust the internal lending limit as deemed necessary to continue to mitigate risk and serve our clients. The Bank s
legal lending limit will increase or decrease in response to increases or decreases in the Bank s level of capital. We are able
to sell participations in our larger loans to other financial institutions, which allow us to manage the risk involved in these loans
and to meet the lending needs of our clients requiring extensions of credit in excess of these limits. 

Loan Portfolio Segments. Our loan portfolio
is comprised of commercial and consumer loans made to small businesses and individuals for various business and personal purposes. While
our loan portfolio is not concentrated in loans to any single borrower or a relatively small number of borrowers, the principal component
of our loan portfolio is loans secured by real estate mortgages on either commercial or residential property. These loans will generally
fall into one of the following six categories: commercial owner occupied real estate, commercial non-owner occupied real estate, commercial
construction, consumer real estate, consumer construction, and home equity loans. We obtain a security interest in real estate whenever
possible, in addition to any other available collateral, in order to increase the likelihood of the ultimate repayment of the loan. At
December 31, 2022, loans secured by first or second mortgages on commercial and consumer real estate made up approximately 84.8 of our
loan portfolio. In addition to loans secured by real estate, our loan portfolio includes commercial business loans and other consumer
loans which comprised 14.3 and 0.9 , respectively, of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. 

Interest rates for all real estate loan categories
may be fixed or adjustable, and will more likely be fixed for shorter-term loans. We generally charge an origination fee for each loan
which is taken into income over the life of the loan as an adjustment to the loan yield. Other loan fees consist primarily of late charge
fees. Real estate loans are subject to the same general risks as other loans and are particularly sensitive to fluctuations in the value
of real estate. Fluctuations in the value of real estate, as well as other factors arising after a loan has been made, could negatively
affect a borrower s cash flow, creditworthiness, and ability to repay the loan. Although, the loans are collateralized by real estate,
the primary source of repayment may not be the sale of real estate. 

The following describes the types of loans in our
loan portfolio. 

Commercial Real Estate Loans (Commercial Owner
Occupied and Commercial Non-owner Occupied Real Estate Loans). At December 31, 2022, commercial owner occupied and non-owner occupied
real estate loans (other than construction loans) amounted to 1.48 billion, or 45.1 of our loan portfolio. Of our commercial real estate
loan portfolio, 862.6 million in loans were non-owner occupied properties, representing 42.0 of our commercial loan portfolio and 26.3 
of our total loan portfolio. The remainder of our commercial real estate loan portfolio, 612.9 million in loans or 29.8 of the commercial
loan portfolio, were owner occupied. Owner occupied loans represented 18.7 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, our individual
commercial real estate loans ranged in size from approximately 15,000 to 22.0 million, with an average loan size of approximately 802,000.
These loans generally have terms of five years or less, although payments may be structured on a longer amortization basis. We evaluate
each borrower on an individual basis and attempt to determine the business risks and credit profile of each borrower. We attempt to reduce
credit risk in the commercial real estate portfolio by emphasizing loans on owner-occupied office and retail buildings where the loan-to-value
ratio, established by independent appraisals, does not exceed 85 . We also generally require that a borrower s cash flow exceeds
115 of monthly debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2022, 378.7 

10 

Table of Contents 

million, or 11.6 of our total loan portfolio, was collateralized
by office and retail properties. In order to seek to ensure secondary sources of payment and liquidity to support a loan request, we typically
review all of the personal financial statements of the principal owners and require their personal guarantees. 

Construction Real Estate Loans. We offer
adjustable and fixed rate construction real estate loans for commercial and consumer projects, typically to builders and developers and
to consumers who wish to build their own homes. At December 31, 2022, total commercial and consumer construction loans amounted to 190.1
million, or 5.9 of our loan portfolio. Commercial construction loans represented 109.7 million, or 3.4 , of our total loan portfolio,
while consumer construction loans represented 80.4 million, or 2.5 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31, 2022, our commercial
construction real estate loans ranged in size from approximately 15,000 to 9.0 million, with an average loan balance of approximately
 1.3 million. At December 31, 2022, our consumer or residential construction loans ranged in size from approximately 20,000 to 2.4 million,
with an average loan size of approximately 468,000. The duration of our construction loans generally is limited to 18 months, although
payments may be structured on a longer amortization basis. Commercial construction loans generally carry a higher degree of risk than
long-term financing of existing properties because repayment depends on the ultimate completion of the project and sometimes on the sale
of the property. Specific risks include: 

cost overruns; 

mismanaged construction; 

inferior or improper construction techniques; 

economic changes or downturns during construction; 

a downturn in the real estate market; 

rising interest rates which may prevent sale of
the property; and 

failure to sell completed projects in a timely manner. 

We attempt to reduce the risk associated
with construction loans by obtaining personal guarantees where possible and by keeping the loan-to-value ratio of the completed project
at or below 80 . 

Commercial Business Loans. We make loans
for commercial purposes in various lines of businesses, including the manufacturing, service industry, and professional service areas.
At December 31, 2022, commercial business loans amounted to 468.1 million, or 14.3 of our loan portfolio, and ranged in size from approximately
 1,000 to 12.8 million, with an average loan size of approximately 277,000. Commercial loans are generally considered to have greater
risk than first or second mortgages on real estate because commercial loans may be unsecured, or if they are secured, the value of the
collateral may be difficult to assess and more likely to decrease than real estate. 

We are eligible to offer small business
loans utilizing government enhancements such as the Small Business Administration s SBA 7(a) program and SBA s
504 programs. These loans typically are partially guaranteed by the government, which helps to reduce their risk. Government guarantees
of SBA loans do not exceed, and are generally less than, 80 of the loan. As of December 31, 2022, we had originated three loans utilizing
government enhancements and over 20 loans engaged in state-based small business partnerships. 

Consumer Real Estate Loans and Home Equity
Loans. At December 31, 2022 consumer real estate loans (other than construction loans) amounted to 1.1 billion, or 34.0 of our loan
portfolio. Included in the consumer real estate loans was 931.3 million, or 28.5 of our loan portfolio, in first and second mortgages
on individuals homes, while home equity loans represented 179.3 million, or 5.5 of our total loan portfolio. At December 31,
2022, our individual residential real estate loans ranged in size from 3,000 to 5.6 million, with an average loan size of approximately
 470,000. Generally, we limit the loan-to-value ratio on our consumer real estate loans to 85 . We offer fixed and adjustable rate consumer
real estate loans with terms of up to 30 years. We also offer home equity lines of credit. At December 31, 2022, our individual home equity
lines of credit ranged in size from 1,000 to 1.4 million, with an average of approximately 85,000. Our underwriting criteria and the
risks associated with home equity loans and lines of credit are generally the same as those for first mortgage loans. Home equity lines
of credit typically have terms of ten years or less. We generally limit the extension of credit to 90 of the market value of each property,
although we may extend up to 100 of the market value. 

Other Consumer Loans. We make a variety
of loans to individuals for personal and household purposes, including secured and unsecured installment loans and revolving lines of
credit. These consumer loans are underwritten based on the borrower s income, current debt level, past credit history, and the availability
and value of collateral. Consumer rates are both fixed and variable, with negotiable terms. At December 31, 2022, 

11 

Table of Contents 

consumer loans other
than real estate amounted to 29.1 million, or 0.9 of our loan portfolio, and ranged in size from 1,000 to 6.1 million, with an average
loan size of approximately 20,000. Our installment loans typically amortize over periods up to 60 months. We will offer consumer loans
with a single maturity date when a specific source of repayment is available. We typically require monthly payments of interest and a
portion of the principal on our revolving loan products. Consumer loans are generally considered to have greater risk than first or second
mortgages on real estate because they may be unsecured, or, if they are secured, the value of the collateral may be difficult to assess
and more likely to decrease in value than real estate. 

Deposit Services 

Our principal source of funds is core deposits.
We offer a full range of deposit services, including checking accounts, commercial checking accounts, savings accounts, and other time
deposits of various types, ranging from daily money market accounts to long-term certificates of deposit. At December 31, 2022, we had
 236.2 million in out-of-market, or wholesale, certificates of deposits. In an effort to obtain lower cost deposits, we have focused on
expanding our retail deposit program. We currently have 12 retail offices which assist us in obtaining low cost transaction accounts that
are less affected by rising rates. Deposit rates are reviewed regularly by our senior management. We believe that the rates we offer are
competitive with those offered by other financial institutions in our area. We focus on client service and our ClientFIRST culture to
attract and retain deposits. 

Other Banking Services 

In addition to deposit and loan services,
we offer other bank services such as internet banking, cash management, safe deposit boxes, direct deposit, automatic drafts, bill payment
and mobile banking services. We earn fees for most of these services, including debit and credit card transactions, sales of checks, and
wire transfers. We also receive ATM transaction fees from transactions performed by our clients. We are associated with the NYCE, Pulse,
STAR, and Cirrus networks, which are available to our clients throughout the country. Since we outsource our ATM services, we are charged
related transaction fees from our ATM service provider. We have contracted with Fidelity National Information Systems, an outside computer
service company, to provide our core data processing services and our ATM processing. By outsourcing these services, we believe we are
able to reduce our overhead by matching the expense in each period to the transaction volume that occurs during the period, as a significant
portion of the fee charged is directly related to the number of loan and deposit accounts and the related number of transactions we have
during the period. We believe that by being associated with a shared network of ATMs, we are better able to serve our clients and are
able to attract clients who are accustomed to the convenience of using ATMs, although we do not believe that maintaining this association
is critical to our success. We also offer Internet banking services, bill payment services, and cash management and mobile banking services. 

Competition 

The banking business is highly competitive, and
we experience competition in our market from many other financial institutions. Competition among financial institutions is based upon
interest rates offered on deposit accounts, interest rates charged on loans, other credit and service charges relating to loans, the quality
and scope of the services rendered, the convenience of banking facilities, and, in the case of loans to commercial borrowers, relative
lending limits. We compete with commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance
companies, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market funds, and other mutual funds, as well as other super-regional,
national, and international financial institutions that operate offices in Greenville, Columbia and Charleston, South Carolina; Charlotte,
Raleigh and Greensboro, North Carolina; Atlanta, Georgia and elsewhere. 

As of June 30, 2022, the most recent date for which
market data is available, there were 36 financial institutions in our primary market of Greenville County, 26 financial institutions in
the Columbia market, 34 financial institutions in the Charleston market, 37 financial institutions in the Raleigh market, 25 financial
institutions in the Greensboro market, 46 financial institutions in the Charlotte market, and 83 financial institutions in the Atlanta
market. We compete with other financial institutions in our market areas both in attracting deposits and in making loans. In addition,
we have to attract our client base from other existing financial institutions and from new residents. Many of our competitors are well-established,
larger financial institutions with substantially greater resources and lending limits, such as, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Truist.
These institutions offer some services, such as extensive and established branch networks and trust services that we do not provide. In
addition, many of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern bank holding companies
and federally insured banks. We believe the financial services industry will likely continue to become more competitive as further technological
advances enable more financial institutions to provide expanded financial services without having a physical presence in our markets.
Because larger competitors have advantages in attracting business from larger corporations, we do not generally compete for that 

12 

Table of Contents 

business.
Instead, we concentrate our efforts on attracting the business of individuals and small and medium-size businesses. With regard to such
accounts, we generally compete on the basis of client service and responsiveness to client needs, the convenience of our offices and hours,
and the availability and pricing of our products and services. 

We believe our commitment to quality and personalized
banking services through our ClientFIRST culture is a factor that contributes to our competitiveness and success. 

Employees 

At December 31, 2022, we employed a total of 293
FTE employees. We provide our full-time employees and certain part-time employees with a comprehensive program of benefits, including
medical benefits, life insurance, long-term disability coverage and a 401(k) plan. Our employees are not represented by a collective bargaining
agreement. Management considers its employee relations to be excellent. 

Available Information 

We file Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the SEC which are accessible electronically
at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. We maintain an Internet website at www.southernfirst.com where these reports can also
be accessed free of charge. No information contained on our website is intended to be included as part of, or incorporated by reference
into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 

Both the Company and the Bank are subject to extensive
state and federal banking laws and regulations that impose specific requirements or restrictions on and provide for general regulatory
oversight of virtually all aspects of our operations. These laws and regulations are generally intended to protect depositors, not shareholders.
Changes in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on our business and prospects. 

The following discussion is not intended to be
a complete list of all the activities regulated by the banking laws or of the impact of such laws and regulations on our operations. It
is intended only to briefly summarize some material provisions. The following summary is qualified by reference to the statutory and regulatory
provisions discussed. 

Legislative and Regulatory Developments 

Although the 2008 financial crisis has now passed,
two legislative and regulatory responses the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank
Act and the Basel III-based capital rules will continue to have an impact on our operations. 

In addition, newer regulatory developments implemented
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, which enhanced and expanded certain provisions of the CARES Act, have had and will continue
to have an impact on our operations. 

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act 

The Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law in July
2010 and impacts financial institutions in numerous ways, including: 

The creation of a Financial Stability Oversight
Council responsible for monitoring and managing systemic risk, 

Granting additional authority to the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve to regulate certain types of nonbank financial companies, 

Granting new authority to the FDIC as liquidator
and receiver, 

Changing the manner in which deposit insurance
assessments are made, 

Requiring regulators to modify capital standards,

Establishing the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau (the CFPB ), 

Capping interchange fees that banks charge merchants
for debit card transactions, 

Imposing more stringent requirements on mortgage
lenders, and 

Limiting banks proprietary trading activities.

There are many provisions in the Dodd-Frank
Act mandating regulators to adopt new regulations and conduct studies upon which future regulation may be based. While some have
been issued, many remain to be issued. Governmental 

13 

Table of Contents 

intervention and new regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer
Protection Act 

On May 24, 2018, President Trump signed into law
the first major financial services reform bill since the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief,
and Consumer Protection Act (the Reform Law modified or eliminated certain requirements on community and regional banks
and nonbank financial institutions. For instance, under the Reform Act and related rule making: 

banks that have less than 10 billion in total
consolidated assets and total trading assets and trading liabilities of less than five percent of total consolidated assets is excluded
from Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, known as the Volcker Rule , which prohibits proprietary trading and
the ownership or sponsorship of private equity or hedge funds that are referred to as covered funds 

the asset threshold for bank holding companies
to qualify for treatment under the Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement was
raised from 1 billion to 3 billion, which exempts these institutions from certain regulatory requirements including the Basel III capital
rules; 

a community bank leverage ratio 
was adopted, which is applicable to certain banks and bank holding companies with total assets of less than 10 billion (as described
below under Basel Capital Standards and 

banks with up to 3 billion in total consolidated
assets may be examined by their federal banking regulator every 18 months (as opposed to every 12 months). 

Basel Capital Standards 

Regulatory capital rules known as Basel III impose
minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks. The Basel III rules apply to all national and state banks and savings
and loan associations regardless of size and bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies other than small bank
holding companies, generally holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion. More stringent requirements are
imposed on advanced approaches banking organizations-those organizations with 250 billion or more in total consolidated
assets, 10 billion or more in total foreign exposures, or that have opted in to the Basel II capital regime. 

The Basel III rules require the Company and the
Bank to maintain the following minimum capital requirements: 

a common equity Tier 1 CET1 risk-based
capital ratio of 4.5 ; 

a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 ; 

a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 ; and 

a leverage ratio of 4 . 

Under Basel III, Tier 1 capital includes two components:
CET1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. The highest form of capital, CET1 capital, consists solely of common stock (plus related surplus),
retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income, otherwise referred to as AOCI, and limited amounts of minority interests that
are in the form of common stock. Additional Tier 1 capital is primarily comprised of noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, Tier 1 minority
interests and grandfathered trust preferred securities (as discussed below). Tier 2 capital generally includes the allowance for credit
losses up to 1.25 of risk-weighted assets, qualifying preferred stock, subordinated debt and qualifying tier 2 minority interests, less
any deductions in Tier 2 instruments of an unconsolidated financial institution. Cumulative perpetual preferred stock is included only
in Tier 2 capital, except that the Basel III rules permit bank holding companies with less than 15 billion in total consolidated assets
to continue to include trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued before May 19, 2010 in Tier 1 Capital
(but not in CET1 capital), subject to certain restrictions. AOCI is presumptively included in CET1 capital and often would operate to
reduce this category of capital. When implemented, Basel III provided a one-time opportunity at the end of the first quarter of 2015 for
covered banking organizations to opt out of much of this treatment of AOCI. We made this opt-out election and, as a result, retained our
pre-existing treatment for AOCI. 

In addition, in order to avoid restrictions on
capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments to executives, under Basel III, a banking organization must maintain a 2.5 capital
conservation buffer on top of its minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer must consist solely of CET1 capital, but
the buffer applies to all three risk-based measurements (CET1, Tier 1 capital and total capital). The 2.5 capital conservation buffer
effectively results in the following minimum capital ratios (taking into account the capital conservation buffer): (i) a CET1 capital
ratio of 7.0 , (ii) a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5 , and (iii) a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.5 . 

14 

Table of Contents 

As part of its response to the impact of the COVID-19
pandemic, in the first quarter of 2020, U.S. federal regulatory authorities issued an interim final rule that provided banking organizations
that adopted the credit impairment model, the Current Expected Credit Loss, or CECL, during the 2020 calendar year with the option to
delay for two years the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital relative to regulatory capital determined under the prior incurred
loss methodology, followed by a three-year transition period to phase out the aggregate amount of the capital benefit provided during
the initial two-year delay (i.e., a five-year transition in total). In connection with our adoption of CECL on January 1, 2022, we did
not elect to utilize the five-year CECL transition. 

In November 2019, the federal banking regulators
published final rules under the Reform Law (discussed above) implementing a simplified measure of capital adequacy for certain banking
organizations that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets. Under the final rules, which went into effect on January 1,
2020, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets
and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio of greater than 9 , off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total
consolidated assets and trading assets plus trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets, are deemed qualifying
community banking organizations and are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. A qualifying
community banking organization that elects to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintains a leverage ratio of greater
than 9 is considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements under the Basel III rules
and, if applicable, is considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of its primary federal
regulator s prompt corrective action rules, discussed below. We do not have any immediate plans to elect to use the community bank
leverage ratio framework but may make such an election in the future. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was well-capitalized,
as defined by FDIC regulations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had regulatory capital in excess of the Federal Reserve s requirements
and met the Basel III rule requirements to be well-capitalized. 

Acquisition Activity 

The primary purpose
of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for any
merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company. In addition,
the prior approval of the FDIC is required for a bank to merge with another bank or purchase the assets or assume the deposits of another
bank. In determining whether to approve a proposed bank acquisition, federal bank regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect
of the acquisition on competition, the public benefits expected to be received from the acquisition, the projected capital ratios and
levels on a post-acquisition basis, and the acquiring institution s record of addressing the credit needs of the communities it
serves, including the needs of low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of the bank, under
the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). 

On July 9, 2021,
President Biden issued an Executive Order on Promoting Competition in the American Economy. Among other initiatives, the Executive Order
encouraged the federal banking agencies to review their current merger oversight practices under the BHCA and the Bank Merger Act and
adopt a plan for revitalization of such practices. In December 2021, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ (in consultation
with the Federal Reserve, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC ), and FDIC announced that it was seeking
additional public comments on whether and how the DOJ should revise the 1995 Bank Merger Competitive Review Guidelines. The comment period
closed on February 15, 2022. In March 2022, the FDIC published a Request for Information seeking information and comments regarding the
laws, practices, rules, regulations, guidance, and statements of policy that apply to merger transactions involving one or more insured
depository institutions, including the merger between an insured depository institution and a noninsured institution. In a May 2022 speech,
the acting head of the OCC announced that he had asked his staff to work with DOJ and other federal banking agencies to review the agency s
frameworks to analyze bank mergers. In May 2022, the CFPB announced the establishment of an Office of Competition and Innovation. 

There are many
steps that must be taken by the agencies before any final changes to the framework for evaluating bank mergers can be implemented and
the prospects for such action continue to be uncertain at this time however, the adoption of more expansive or prescriptive standards
may have an impact on any acquisition activities. 

Legislative and Regulatory Responses to the
COVID-19 Pandemic 

The COVID-19 pandemic has continued to cause extensive
disruptions to the global economy, to businesses, and to the lives of individuals throughout the world. On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act
was signed into law. The CARES Act was a 2.2 trillion economic stimulus bill that was intended to provide relief in the wake of the COVID-19
pandemic. There 

15 

Table of Contents 

have also been a number of regulatory actions intended to help mitigate the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on borrowers, including several mandates from the bank regulatory agencies, requiring financial institutions to work constructively with
borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Although these programs generally have expired, governmental authorities may take additional
actions in the future to limit the adverse impact of COVID-19 on borrowers and tenants. 

The Paycheck Protection Program PPP ),
originally established under the CARES Act and extended under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, authorized financial institutions
to make federally-guaranteed loans to qualifying small businesses and non-profit organizations. These loans carry an interest rate of
1 per annum and a maturity of two years for loans originated prior to June 5, 2020 and five years for loans originated on or after June
5, 2020. The PPP provides that such loans may be forgiven if the borrowers meet certain requirements with respect to maintaining employee
headcount and payroll and the use of the loan proceeds after the loan is originated. The initial phase of the PPP, after being extended
multiple times by Congress, expired on August 8, 2020. However, on January 11, 2021, the SBA reopened the PPP for First Draw PPP loans
to small businesses and non-profit organizations that did not receive a loan through the initial PPP phase. Further, on January 13, 2021,
the SBA reopened the PPP for Second Draw PPP loans to small businesses and non-profit organizations that did receive a loan through the
initial PPP phase. The PPP program ended in accordance with its terms on May 31, 2021. While we were a participating lender in the PPP
in 2020, we sold our PPP loan portfolio in the second quarter of 2020. We did not originate any new PPP loans during 2021. 

The CARES Act, as extended by certain provisions
of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, also initially permitted banks to suspend requirements under GAAP for loan modifications
to borrowers affected by COVID-19 that would otherwise had been characterized as troubled debt restructurings and suspended any determination
related thereto if (i) the borrower was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019, (ii) the modifications were related to
COVID-19, and (iii) the modification occurred between March 1, 2020 and January 1, 2022. Federal bank regulatory authorities also issued
guidance to encourage banks to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19. 

Proposed Legislation and Regulatory Action 

From time to time, various legislative and regulatory
initiatives are introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as by regulatory agencies. Such initiatives may include proposals
to expand or contract the powers of bank holding companies and depository institutions or proposals to substantially change the financial
institution regulatory system. Such legislation could change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company in substantial
and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible
activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other financial institutions. We cannot
predict whether any such legislation will be enacted, and, if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have
on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. A change in statutes, regulations or regulatory policies applicable
to the Company or the Bank could have a material effect on the business of the Company. 

Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 

We own 100 of the outstanding capital stock of
the Bank, and therefore we are considered to be a bank holding company under the federal Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. As a result,
we are primarily subject to the supervision, examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve under the BHCA and its regulations
promulgated thereunder. Moreover, as a bank holding company of a bank located in South Carolina, we also are subject to the South Carolina
Banking and Branching Efficiency Act. 

Permitted Activities. Under the BHCA,
a bank holding company is generally permitted to engage in, or acquire direct or indirect control of more than 5 of the voting shares
of any company engaged in, the following activities: 

banking or managing or controlling banks; 

furnishing services to or performing services
for our subsidiaries; and 

any activity that the Federal Reserve determines
to be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to the business of banking. 

Activities that the Federal Reserve has found to
be so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident to the business of banking include: 

factoring accounts receivable; 

making, acquiring, brokering or servicing loans
and usual related activities; 

16 

Table of Contents 

leasing personal or real property; 

operating a non-bank depository institution, such
as a savings association; 

trust company functions; 

financial and investment advisory activities; 

conducting discount securities brokerage activities; 

underwriting and dealing in government obligations
and money market instruments; 

providing specified management consulting and
counseling activities; 

performing selected data processing services and
support services; 

acting as agent or broker in selling credit life
insurance and other types of insurance in connection with credit transactions; and 

performing selected insurance underwriting activities. 

As a bank holding company we also can elect to
be treated as a financial holding company, which would allow us to engage in a broader array of activities. In summary,
a financial holding company can engage in activities that are financial in nature or incidental or complimentary to financial activities,
including insurance underwriting, sales and brokerage activities, providing financial and investment advisory services, underwriting services
and limited merchant banking activities. We have not sought financial holding company status, but may elect such status in the future
as our business matures. If we were to elect financial holding company status, each insured depository institution we control would have
to be well capitalized, well managed and have at least a satisfactory rating under the CRA as discussed below. 

The Federal Reserve has the authority to order
a bank holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any of these activities or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary
when it has reasonable cause to believe that the Bank holding company s continued ownership, activity or control constitutes a serious
risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of it or any of its bank subsidiaries. 

Change in Control . Two statutes,
the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with regulations promulgated under them, require some form of regulatory review
before any company may acquire control of a bank or a bank holding company. Under the BHCA, control is deemed to exist if
a company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank holding company; controls the election of a majority of the
members of the board of directors; or exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or bank holding company.
On January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule (which became effective September 30, 2020) that clarified and codified the
Federal Reserve s standards for determining whether one company has control over another. The final rule established four categories
of tiered presumptions of noncontrol that are based on the percentage of voting shares held by the investor (less than 5 , 5-9.9 , 10-14.9 
and 15-24.9 and the presence of other indicia of control. As the percentage of ownership increases, fewer indicia of control are permitted
without falling outside of the presumption of noncontrol. These indicia of control include nonvoting equity ownership, director representation,
management interlocks, business relationship and restrictive contractual covenants. Under the final rule, investors can hold up to 24.9 
of the voting securities and up to 33 of the total equity of a company without necessarily having a controlling influence. State laws
generally, including South Carolina law, require state approval before an acquirer may become the holding company of a state bank. 

Under the Change in Bank Control Act, a person
or company is required to file a notice with the Federal Reserve if it will, as a result of the transaction, own or control 10 or more
of any class of voting securities or direct the management or policies of a bank or bank holding company and either if the bank or bank
holding company has registered securities or if the acquirer would be the largest holder of that class of voting securities after the
acquisition. For a change in control at the holding company level, both the Federal Reserve and the subsidiary bank s primary federal
regulator must approve the change in control; at the bank level, only the bank s primary federal regulator is involved. Transactions subject
to the BHCA are exempt from Change in Control Act requirements. For state banks, state laws, including that of South Carolina, typically
require approval by the state bank regulator as well. 

Source of Strength . There are a number
of obligations and restrictions imposed by law and regulatory policy on bank holding companies with regard to their depository institution
subsidiaries that are designed to minimize potential loss to depositors and to the FDIC insurance funds in the event that the depository
institution becomes in danger of defaulting under its obligations to repay deposits. Under a policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding
company is required to serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institutions and to commit resources to support
such institutions in circumstances where it might not do so absent such policy. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement
Act of 1991, to avoid receivership of its insured depository institution subsidiary, a bank holding company is required to guarantee the
compliance of any insured depository institution subsidiary that may become undercapitalized within the terms of any capital
restoration plan filed by such subsidiary with its appropriate federal 

17 

Table of Contents 

banking agency up to the lesser of (i) an amount equal to 5 of
the institution s total assets at the time the institution became undercapitalized, or (ii) the amount which is necessary (or would
have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all applicable capital standards as of the time the institution fails
to comply with such capital restoration plan. 

The Federal Reserve also has the authority under
the BHCA to require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or relinquish control of a nonbank subsidiary (other than a nonbank
subsidiary of a bank) upon the Federal Reserve s determination that such activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial
soundness or stability of any subsidiary depository institution of the bank holding company. Further, federal law grants federal bank
regulatory authorities additional discretion to require a bank holding company to divest itself of any bank or nonbank subsidiary
if the agency determines that divestiture may aid the depository institution s financial condition. 

In addition, the cross guarantee 
provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the FDIA require insured depository institutions under common control
to reimburse the FDIC for any loss suffered or reasonably anticipated by the FDIC as a result of the default of a commonly controlled
insured depository institution or for any assistance provided by the FDIC to a commonly controlled insured depository institution in danger
of default. The FDIC s claim for damages is superior to claims of shareholders of the insured depository institution or its holding
company, but is subordinate to claims of depositors, secured creditors and holders of subordinated debt (other than affiliates) of the
commonly controlled insured depository institutions. 

The FDIA also provides that amounts received from
the liquidation or other resolution of any insured depository institution by any receiver must be distributed (after payment of secured
claims) to pay the deposit liabilities of the institution prior to payment of any other general or unsecured senior liability, subordinated
liability, general creditor or shareholder. This provision would give depositors a preference over general and subordinated creditors
and shareholders in the event a receiver is appointed to distribute the assets of our Bank. 

Any capital loans by a bank holding company to
any of its subsidiary banks are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and to certain other indebtedness of such subsidiary bank.
In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, any commitment by the bank holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency
to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to a priority of payment. 

Capital Requirements . The Federal
Reserve imposes certain capital requirements on the bank holding company under the BHCA, including a minimum leverage ratio and a minimum
ratio of qualifying capital to risk-weighted assets. These requirements are essentially the same as those that apply to
the Bank and are described above under Basel III Capital Standards. Subject to certain restrictions, we are able to borrow
money to make a capital contribution to the Bank, and these loans may be repaid from dividends paid from the Bank to the Company. Our
ability to pay dividends depends on, among other things, the Bank s ability to pay dividends to us, which is subject to regulatory
restrictions as described below in Southern First Bank Dividends. 

We are also able to raise capital for contribution
to the Bank by issuing securities without having to receive regulatory approval, subject to compliance with federal and state securities
laws. 

Dividends. Since the Company
is a bank holding company, its ability to declare and pay dividends is dependent on certain federal and state regulatory considerations,
including the guidelines of the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends
by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current
earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization s
capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve s policies also require that a bank holding company
serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital
funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising
capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. Further, under the prompt corrective action
regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These
regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. 

In addition, since the Company is a legal entity
separate and distinct from the Bank and does not conduct stand-alone operations, its ability to pay dividends depends on the ability of
the Bank to pay dividends to it, which is also subject to regulatory restrictions as described below in Southern First Bank 
Dividends. 

18 

Table of Contents 

South Carolina State Regulation. 
As a South Carolina bank holding company under the South Carolina Banking and Branching Efficiency Act, we are subject to limitations
on sale or merger and to regulation by the South Carolina Board of Financial Institutions (the S.C. Board ). We are not required
to obtain the approval of the S.C. Board prior to acquiring the capital stock of a national bank, but we must notify them at least 15
days prior to doing so. We must receive the S.C. Board s approval prior to engaging in the acquisition of a South Carolina state
chartered bank or another South Carolina bank holding company. 

Southern First Bank 

As a South Carolina bank, deposits in the Bank
are insured by the FDIC up to a maximum amount, which is currently 250,000 per depositor. The S.C. Board and the FDIC regulate or monitor
virtually all areas of the Bank s operations, including; 

security devices and procedures; 

adequacy of capitalization and loss reserves;

loans; 

investments; 

borrowings; 

deposits; 

mergers; 

issuances of securities; 

payment of dividends; 

interest rates payable on deposits; 

interest rates or fees chargeable on loans; 

establishment of branches; 

corporate reorganizations; 

maintenance of books and records; and 

adequacy of staff training to carry on safe lending
and deposit gathering practices. 

These agencies, and the federal and state laws
applicable to the Bank s operations, extensively regulate various aspects of our banking business, including, among other things,
permissible types and amounts of loans, investments and other activities, capital adequacy, branching, interest rates on loans and on
deposits, the maintenance of reserves on demand deposit liabilities, and the safety and soundness of our banking practices. 

All insured institutions must undergo regular on-site
examinations by their appropriate banking agency. The cost of examinations of insured depository institutions and any affiliates may be
assessed by the appropriate federal banking agency against each institution or affiliate as it deems necessary or appropriate. Insured
institutions are required to submit annual reports to the FDIC, their federal regulatory agency, and state supervisor when applicable.
The FDIC has developed a method for insured depository institutions to provide supplemental disclosure of the estimated fair market value
of assets and liabilities, to the extent feasible and practicable, in any balance sheet, financial statement, report of condition or any
other report of any insured depository institution. The FDIC and the other federal banking regulatory agencies also have issued standards
for all insured depository institutions relating, among other things, to the following: 

internal controls; 

information systems and audit systems; 

loan documentation; 

credit underwriting; 

interest rate risk exposure; and 

asset quality. 

Prompt Corrective Action. As an insured
depository institution, the Bank is required to comply with the capital requirements promulgated under the FDIA and the prompt corrective
action regulations thereunder, which set forth five capital categories, each with specific regulatory consequences. Under these regulations,
the categories are: 

Well Capitalized The institution exceeds
the required minimum level for each relevant capital measure. A well-capitalized institution (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio
of 10 or greater, (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, (iii) has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio
of 6.5 or greater, (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of 5 or greater, and (v) is not subject to any order or written directive to meet
and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Adequately Capitalized The institution
meets the required minimum level for each relevant capital measure. No capital distribution may be made that would result in the institution
becoming undercapitalized. An adequately capitalized institution (i) has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 or greater, (ii) has a
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 or greater, (iii) has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 or greater, and (iv)
has a leverage capital ratio of 4 or greater. 

Undercapitalized The institution fails
to meet the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. An undercapitalized institution (i) has a total risk-based capital
ratio of less than 8 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6 , (iii) has a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital
ratio of less than 4.5 or greater, or (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of less than 4 . 

Significantly Undercapitalized The institution
is significantly below the required minimum level for any relevant capital measure. A significantly undercapitalized institution (i) has
a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6 , (ii) has a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4 , (iii) has a common equity
Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3 or greater, or (iv) has a leverage capital ratio of less than 3 . 

Critically Undercapitalized The institution
fails to meet a critical capital level set by the appropriate federal banking agency. A critically undercapitalized institution has a
ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2 . 

If the FDIC determines, after notice and an opportunity
for hearing, that the Bank is in an unsafe or unsound condition, the regulator is authorized to reclassify the Bank to the next lower
capital category (other than critically undercapitalized) and require the submission of a plan to correct the unsafe or unsound condition. 

If a bank is not well capitalized, it cannot accept
brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval. Even if approved, rate restrictions will govern the rate a bank may pay on brokered
deposits. In addition, a bank that is not well capitalized cannot offer an effective yield in excess of 75 basis points over interest
paid on deposits of comparable size and maturity in such institution s normal market area for deposits accepted from within its
normal market area, or national rate paid on deposits of comparable size and maturity for deposits accepted outside the bank s normal
market area. Moreover, the FDIC generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment
of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company if the depository institution would thereafter be categorized
as undercapitalized. Undercapitalized institutions are subject to growth limitations (an undercapitalized institution may not acquire
another institution, establish additional branch offices or engage in any new line of business unless determined by the appropriate federal
banking agency to be consistent with an accepted capital restoration plan, or unless the FDIC determines that the proposed action will
further the purpose of prompt corrective action) and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. The agencies may not accept a
capital restoration plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed
in restoring the depository institution s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration plan to be acceptable, the depository
institution s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with the capital restoration plan. The aggregate
liability of the parent holding company is limited to the lesser of an amount equal to 5.0 of the depository institution s total
assets at the time it became categorized as undercapitalized or the amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the
institution into compliance with all capital standards applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with
the plan. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is categorized as significantly undercapitalized. 

Significantly undercapitalized categorized depository
institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become categorized
as adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. The appropriate
federal banking agency may take any action authorized for a significantly undercapitalized institution if an undercapitalized institution
fails to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan or fails in any material respect to implement a plan accepted by the agency. A
critically undercapitalized institution is subject to having a receiver or conservator appointed to manage its affairs and for loss of
its charter to conduct banking activities. 

An insured depository institution may not pay a
management fee to a bank holding company controlling that institution or any other person having control of the institution if, after
making the payment, the institution would be undercapitalized. In addition, an institution cannot make a capital distribution, such as
a dividend or other distribution, that is in substance a distribution of capital to the owners of the institution if following such a
distribution the institution would be undercapitalized. Thus, if payment of such a management fee or the making of such would cause a
bank to become undercapitalized, it could not pay a management fee or dividend to the bank holding company. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was deemed to
be well capitalized. 

20 

Table of Contents 

Standards for Safety and Soundness. 
The FDIA also requires the federal banking regulatory agencies to prescribe, by regulation or guideline, operational and managerial standards
for all insured depository institutions relating to: (i) internal controls, information systems and internal audit systems; (ii) loan
documentation; (iii) credit underwriting; (iv) interest rate risk exposure; and (v) asset growth. The agencies also must prescribe standards
for asset quality, earnings, and stock valuation, as well as standards for compensation, fees and benefits. The federal banking agencies
have adopted regulations and Interagency Guidelines Prescribing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement these required standards.
These guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at
insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. Under the regulations, if the FDIC determines that the Bank fails to
meet any standards prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the Bank to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve
compliance with the standard, as required by the FDIC. The final regulations establish deadlines for the submission and review of such
safety and soundness compliance plans. 

Insurance of Accounts and Regulation by the
FDIC. The Bank s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. The Dodd-Frank
Act permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks to 250,000 per account. As insurer, the FDIC imposes deposit
insurance premiums and is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by FDIC insured institutions. It also may prohibit
any FDIC insured institution from engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a serious risk to the insurance
fund. 

As an FDIC-insured bank, the Bank must pay deposit
insurance assessments to the FDIC based on its average total assets minus its average tangible equity. The Bank s assessment rates
are currently based on its risk classification (i.e., the level of risk it poses to the FDIC s deposit insurance fund). Institutions
classified as higher risk pay assessments at higher rates than institutions that pose a lower risk. In addition to ordinary assessments
described above, the FDIC has the ability to impose special assessments in certain instances. 

In addition to the ordinary assessments described
above, the FDIC has the ability to impose special assessments in certain instances. For example, under the Dodd-Frank Act, the minimum
designated reserve ratio for the deposit insurance fund was increased to 1.35 of the estimated total amount of insured deposits. On September
30, 2018, the deposit insurance fund reached 1.36 , exceeding the statutorily required minimum reserve ratio of 1.35 . On reaching the
minimum reserve ratio of 1.35 , FDIC regulations provided for two changes to deposit insurance assessments: (i) surcharges on insured
depository institutions with total consolidated assets of 10 billion or more (large institutions) ceased; and (ii) small banks received
assessment credits for the portion of their assessments that contributed to the growth in the reserve ratio from between 1.15 and 1.35 ,
to be applied when the reserve ratio is at or above 1.38 . Our final assessment credit was invoiced in December 2019. Assessment rates
are expected to decrease if the reserve ratio increases such that it exceeds 2 . 

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of
any insured depository institution, including the Bank, if it determines after a hearing that the institution has engaged in unsafe or
unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order
or condition imposed by the FDIC. It also may suspend deposit insurance temporarily during the hearing process for the permanent termination
of insurance if the institution has no tangible capital. If insurance of accounts is terminated, the accounts at the institution at the
time of the termination, less subsequent withdrawals, shall continue to be insured for a period of six months to two years, as determined
by the FDIC. Management is not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of the Bank s deposit
insurance. 

Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders. 
The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank and its other subsidiaries. Various legal limitations restrict the Bank
from lending or otherwise supplying funds to the Company or its non-bank subsidiaries. The Company and the Bank are subject to Sections
23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W. 

Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act places limits
on the amount of loans or extensions of credit by a bank to any affiliate, including its holding company, and on a bank s investments
in, or certain other transactions with, affiliates and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or
obligations of any affiliates of the bank. Section 23A also applies to derivative transactions, repurchase agreements and securities lending
and borrowing transactions that cause a bank to have credit exposure to an affiliate. The aggregate of all covered transactions is limited
in amount, as to any one affiliate, to 10 of the Bank s capital and surplus and, as to all affiliates combined, to 20 of the Bank s
capital and surplus. Furthermore, within the foregoing limitations as to amount, each covered transaction must meet specified collateral
requirements. The Bank is forbidden to purchase low quality assets from an affiliate. 

21 

Table of Contents 

Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, among other
things, prohibits an institution from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates unless the transactions are on terms substantially
the same, or at least as favorable to such institution or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions
with nonaffiliated companies. If there are no comparable transactions, a bank s (or one of its subsidiaries affiliate transaction
must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that in good faith would be offered to, or would apply to, nonaffiliated
companies. These requirements apply to all transactions subject to Section 23A as well as to certain other transactions. 

The affiliates of a bank include any holding company
of the bank, any other company under common control with the bank (including any company controlled by the same shareholders who control
the bank), any subsidiary of the bank that is itself a bank, any company in which the majority of the directors or trustees also constitute
a majority of the directors or trustees of the bank or holding company of the bank, any company sponsored and advised on a contractual
basis by the bank or an affiliate, and any mutual fund advised by a bank or any of the bank s affiliates. Regulation W generally
excludes all non-bank and non-savings association subsidiaries of banks from treatment as affiliates, except to the extent that the Federal
Reserve decides to treat these subsidiaries as affiliates. 

The Bank is also subject to certain restrictions
on extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, certain principal shareholders, and their related interests. Extensions of credit
include derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and lending transactions to the
extent that such transactions cause a bank to have credit exposure to an insider. Any extension of credit to an insider (i) must be made
on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral requirements, as those prevailing at the time for comparable
transactions with unrelated third parties and (ii) must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable
features. 

On December 22, 2020, the federal banking agencies
issued an interagency statement extending the temporary relief from enforcement action against banks or asset managers, which become principal
shareholders of banks, with respect to certain extensions of credit by banks that otherwise would violate Regulation O, provided the asset
managers and banks satisfy certain conditions designed to ensure that there is a lack of control by the asset manager over the bank. On
December 22, 2022, the federal banking agencies issued a revised interagency statement extending the temporary relief from such enforcement,
which will expire on the sooner of January 1, 2024, or the effective date of a final Federal Reserve rule having a revision to Regulation
O that addresses the treatment of extensions of credit by a bank to fund complex-controlled portfolio companies that are insiders of a
bank. 

Dividends. The Company s principal
source of cash flow, including cash flow to pay dividends to its shareholders, is dividends it receives from the Bank. Statutory and regulatory
limitations apply to the Bank s payment of dividends to the Company. As a South Carolina chartered bank, the Bank is subject to
limitations on the amount of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally
permitted under South Carolina state banking regulations to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without
obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board. The FDIC also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what
in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend under certain
circumstances. The Bank must also maintain the CET1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital
distributions, including dividends, as described above. 

Branching. Under current South Carolina
law, the Bank may open branch offices throughout South Carolina with the prior approval of the S.C. Board. In addition, with prior
regulatory approval, the Bank is able to acquire existing banking operations in South Carolina. Furthermore, federal legislation
permits interstate branching, including out-of-state acquisitions by bank holding companies, interstate branching by banks, and interstate
merging by banks. The Dodd-Frank Act removes previous state law restrictions on de novo interstate branching in states such as South
Carolina. This change permits out-of-state banks to open de novo branches in states where the laws of the state where the de novo branch
to be opened would permit a bank chartered by that state to open a de novo branch. 

Community Reinvestment Act. The CRA
requires that the FDIC evaluate the record of the Bank in meeting the credit needs of its local community, including low and moderate
income neighborhoods. These factors are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open a branch or facility.
Failure to adequately meet these criteria imposes additional requirements and limitations on our Bank. On June 1, 2022, the date of the
most recent examination report, the Bank received a Needs to Improve CRA rating. 

In December 2019, the FDIC and the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC issued a notice of proposed rulemaking intended to (i) clarify which activities qualify
for CRA credit; (ii) update where activities count for CRA credit; (iii) create a more transparent and objective method for measuring
CRA performance; and (iv) provide for more transparent, consistent, and timely CRA-related data collection, recordkeeping, and reporting.
However, the Federal 

22 

Table of Contents 

Reserve did not join the proposed rulemaking. In May 2020, the OCC issued its final CRA rule, which was later rescinded
in December 2021, replacing it with a rule based on the rules adopted jointly by the federal banking agencies in 1995, as amended. On
the same day that the OCC announced its plans to rescind the CRA final rule, the OCC, the FDIC, and the Federal Reserve announced that
they are working together to strengthen and modernize the rules implementing the CRA. On May 5, 2022, the OCC, FDIC, and
Federal Reserve released a notice of proposed rulemaking regarding the CRA and invited public comment on the proposed rules. The comment
period closed on August 5, 2022. The proposed rules, among other things, seek to (i) expand access to credit, investment, and basic banking
services in low- and moderate-income communities, (ii) adapt to changes in the banking industry, including internet and mobile banking,
(iii) provide greater clarity, consistency, and transparency, (iv) tailor CRA evaluations and data collection to bank size and type, and
(v) maintain a unified approach among the bank regulatory agencies. The effects on the Bank of any potential change to the CRA rules will
depend on the final form of any federal rulemaking and cannot be predicted at this time. Management will continue to evaluate any changes
to the CRA s regulations and their impact to the Bank. 

Fair Lending Requirements. We are
subject to certain fair lending requirements and reporting obligations involving lending operations. A number of laws and regulations
provide these fair lending requirements and reporting obligations, including, at the federal level, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act ECOA ),
as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, and Regulation B, as well as the Fair Housing Act FHA and regulations implementing the
FHA. ECOA and Regulation B prohibit discrimination in any aspect of a credit transaction based on a number of prohibited factors, including
race or color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age, the applicant s receipt of income derived from public assistance
programs, and the applicant s exercise, in good faith, of any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. ECOA and Regulation
B include lending acts and practices that are specifically prohibited, permitted, or required, and these laws and regulations proscribe
data collection requirements, legal action statute of limitations, and disclosure of the consumer s ability to receive a copy of
any appraisal(s) and valuation(s) prepared in connection with certain loans secured by dwellings. FHA prohibits discrimination in all
aspects of residential real-estate related transactions based on prohibited factors, including race or color, national origin, religion,
sex, familial status, and handicap. 

In addition to prohibiting discrimination in credit
transactions on the basis of prohibited factors, these laws and regulations can cause a lender to be liable for policies that result in
a disparate treatment of or have a disparate impact on a protected class of persons. If a pattern or practice of lending discrimination
is alleged by a regulator, then the matter may be referred by the agency to the DOJ for investigation. In December 2012, the DOJ and CFPB
entered into a Memorandum of Understanding under which the agencies have agreed to share information, coordinate investigations, and have
generally committed to strengthen their coordination efforts. 

In addition to substantive penalties and corrective
measures that may be required for a violation of certain fair lending laws, the federal banking agencies may take compliance with fair
lending requirements into account when regulating and supervising other activities of the bank, including in acting on expansionary proposals. 

Consumer Protection Regulations. 
The activities of the Bank are subject to a variety of statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. This includes Title X of
the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits engaging in any unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices UDAAP ). UDAAP claims
involve detecting and assessing risks to consumers and to markets for consumer financial products and services. Interest and other charges
collected or contracted for by the Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The loan operations
of the Bank are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as: 

the Truth-In-Lending Act TILA and Regulation Z, governing disclosures of credit and servicing terms to consumer borrowers and including substantial requirements for
mortgage lending and servicing, as mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act; 

the Home Mortgage Disclosure
Act and Regulation C, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether
a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the communities they serve; 

ECOA and Regulation B, prohibiting
discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, or other prohibited factors in any aspect of a credit transaction; 

the Fair Credit Reporting Act, as amended by the
Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act and Regulation V, as well as the rules and regulations of the FDIC governing the use of consumer
reports, provision of information to credit reporting agencies, certain identity theft protections and certain credit and other disclosures;

the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation
F, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies and intending to eliminate abusive, deceptive,
and unfair debt collection practices; 

the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA and Regulation X, which governs various aspects of residential mortgage loans, including the settlement and servicing process, dictates
certain disclosures to be 

23 

Table of Contents 

provided to consumers, and imposes other requirements related to compensation of service providers, insurance
escrow accounts, and loss mitigation procedures; 

The Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing
Act SAFE Act which mandates a nationwide licensing and registration system for residential mortgage loan originators.
The SAFE Act also prohibits individuals from engaging in the business of a residential mortgage loan originator without first obtaining
and maintaining annually registration as either a federal or state licensed mortgage loan originator; 

The Homeowners Protection Act, or the PMI Cancellation
Act, provides requirements relating to private mortgage insurance on residential mortgages, including the cancelation and termination
of PMI, disclosure and notification requirements, and the requirement to return unearned premiums; 

The Fair Housing Act prohibits discrimination
in all aspects of residential real-estate related transactions based on race or color, national origin, religion, sex, and other prohibited
factors; 

The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act and Military
Lending Act, providing certain protections for servicemembers, members of the military, and their respective spouses, dependents and others;
and 

Section 106(c)(5) of the Housing and Urban Development
Act requires making home ownership available to eligible homeowners. 

The deposit operations of the Bank are also subject
to federal laws, such as: 

the Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA ),
which, among other things, limits the amount of deposit insurance available per insured depositor category to 250,000 and imposes other
limits on deposit-taking; 

the Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes
a duty to maintain the confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas
of financial records; 

the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation
E, which governs the rights, liabilities, and responsibilities of consumers and financial institutions using electronic fund transfer
services, and which generally mandates disclosure requirements, establishes limitations on liability applicable to consumers for unauthorized
electronic fund transfers, dictates certain error resolution processes, and applies other requirements relating to automatic deposits
to and withdrawals from deposit accounts; 

The Expedited Funds Availability Act and Regulation
CC, setting forth requirements to make funds deposited into transaction accounts available according to specified time schedules, disclose
funds availability policies to customers, and relating to the collection and return of checks and electronic checks, including the rules
regarding the creation or receipt of substitute checks; and 

the Truth in Savings Act and Regulation DD, which
requires depository institutions to provide disclosures so that consumers can make meaningful comparisons about depository institutions
and accounts. 

The CFPB is an independent regulatory authority
housed within the Federal Reserve. The CFPB has broad authority to regulate the offering and provision of consumer financial products
and services. The CFPB has the authority to supervise and examine depository institutions with more than 10 billion in assets for
compliance with federal consumer laws. The authority to supervise and examine depository institutions with 10 billion or less in
assets, such as us, for compliance with federal consumer laws remains largely with those institutions primary regulators. However,
the CFPB may participate in examinations of these smaller institutions on a sampling basis and may refer potential enforcement
actions against such institutions to their primary regulators. As such, the CFPB may participate in examinations of the Bank. In addition,
states are permitted to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are stricter than the regulations promulgated by the CFPB,
and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer protection rules adopted by the CFPB against certain institutions. 

The CFPB has issued a number of significant rules
that impact nearly every aspect of the lifecycle of consumer financial products and services, including rules regarding residential mortgage
loans. These rules implement Dodd-Frank Act amendments to ECOA, TILA and RESPA. Among other things, the rules adopted by the CFPB require
banks to: (i) develop and implement procedures to ensure compliance with a reasonable ability-to-repay test; (ii) implement
new or revised disclosures, policies and procedures for originating and servicing mortgages, including, but not limited to, pre-loan counseling,
early intervention with delinquent borrowers and specific loss mitigation procedures for loans secured by a borrower s principal
residence, and mortgage origination disclosures, which integrate existing requirements under TILA and RESPA; (iii) comply with additional
restrictions on mortgage loan originator hiring and compensation; and (iv) comply with new disclosure requirements and standards
for appraisals and certain financial products. . In March 2022, the CFPB announced changes to its supervisory operations to scrutinize
discriminatory conduct under the CFPB s UDAAP powers to examine financial institution s decision-making in advertising, pricing,
and other areas to ensure that companies are testing for and eliminating illegal discrimination. In this supervisory notice, the CFPB
expanded its UDAAP powers to create essentially a fair-lending style discrimination test outside of ECOA that applies to non-lending products.
In October 2022, the CFPB issued Bulletin 2022-06 explaining that blanket policies of charging returned deposit item fees to consumers
or all returned transactions irrespective of the circumstances or patterns of behavior on the account are likely 

24 

Table of Contents 

unfair under the Consumer
Financial Protection Act of 2010CFPA. The CFPB has also issued an advisory opinion prohibiting the collection of pay-to-pay fees (such
as convenience fees), which are prohibited under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act FDCPA. 

The Office of Foreign Assets Control. The
Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), which is a division of the U.S. Treasury, is responsible for helping to insure
that U.S. entities do not engage in transactions with enemies of the U.S., as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts
of Congress. OFAC has sent, and will send, our banking regulatory agencies lists of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding,
harboring or engaging in terrorist acts. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction, account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list,
it must freeze such account, file a suspicious activity report and notify the FBI. The Bank has appointed an OFAC compliance officer to
oversee the inspection of its accounts and the filing of any notifications. The Bank actively checks high-risk OFAC areas such as new
accounts, wire transfers and customer files. The Bank performs these checks utilizing software, which is updated each time a modification
is made to the lists provided by OFAC and other agencies of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. 

Anti-Money Laundering and the USA Patriot
Act . Financial institutions must maintain anti-money laundering programs that include established internal policies, procedures,
and controls; a designated compliance officer; an ongoing employee training program; and testing of the program by an independent audit
function. The program must comply with the anti-money laundering provisions of the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ). The Company and
the Bank are also prohibited from entering into specified financial transactions and account relationships and must meet enhanced standards
for due diligence and knowing your customer in their dealings with foreign financial institutions, foreign customers, and
other high risk customers. Financial institutions must take reasonable steps to conduct enhanced scrutiny of account relationships to
guard against money laundering and to report any suspicious transactions, and certain laws provide law enforcement authorities with increased
access to financial information maintained by banks. Financial institutions must comply with requirements regarding risk-based procedures
for conducing ongoing customer due diligence, which requires the institutions to take appropriate steps to understand the nature and purpose
of customer relationships and identify and verify the identity of the beneficial owners of legal entity customers. 

Anti-money laundering obligations have been substantially
strengthened as a result of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism
Act (which we refer to as the USA PATRIOT Act ). Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these
obligations and are required to consider compliance in connection with the regulatory review of applications. The regulatory authorities
have been active in imposing cease and desist orders and money penalty sanctions against institutions that have not complied with these
requirements. 

The USA PATRIOT Act amended the Bank Secrecy Act
and provides, in part, for the facilitation of information sharing among governmental entities and financial institutions for the purpose
of combating terrorism and money laundering by enhancing anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws, as well as enhanced information
collection tools and enforcement mechanics for the U.S. government, including: (i) requiring standards for verifying customer identification
at account opening; (ii) rules to promote cooperation among financial institutions, regulators, and law enforcement entities in identifying
parties that may be involved in terrorism or money laundering; (iii) reports by nonfinancial trades and businesses filed with the U.S.
Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network for transactions exceeding 10,000; (iv) filing suspicious activities
reports if a bank believes a customer may be violating U.S. laws and regulations; and (v) requires enhanced due diligence requirements
for financial institutions that administer, maintain, or manage private bank accounts or correspondent accounts for non-U.S. persons.
Bank regulators routinely examine institutions for compliance with these obligations and are required to consider compliance in connection
with the regulatory review of applications. 

Under the USA PATRIOT Act, the regulators can provide
lists of the names of persons suspected of involvement in terrorist activities. The Bank can be requested, to search its records for any
relationships or transactions with persons on those lists. If the Bank finds any relationships or transactions, it must file a suspicious
activity report and contact the applicable governmental authorities. 

On January 1, 2021, Congress overrode former President
Trump s veto and thereby enacted the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 NDAA ). The NDAA provides
for one of the most significant overhauls of the BSA and related anti-money laundering laws since the USA Patriot Act. Notably, changes
include: 

expansion of coordination and information sharing
efforts among the agencies tasked with administering anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism requirements, including
the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), the primary federal banking regulators, federal 

25 

Table of Contents 

law
enforcement agencies, national security agencies, the intelligence community, and financial institutions; 

providing
additional penalties with respect to violations of BSA and enhancing the powers of FinCEN; 

significant
updates to the beneficial ownership collection rules and the creation of a registry of beneficial ownership which will track the beneficial
owners of reporting companies which may be shared with law enforcement and financial institutions conducting due diligence under certain
circumstances; 

improvements
to existing information sharing provisions that permit financial institutions to share information relating to SARs with foreign branches,
subsidiaries, and affiliates (except those located in China, Russia, or certain other jurisdictions) for the purpose of combating illicit
finance risks; and 

enhanced
whistleblower protection provisions, allowing whistleblower(s) who provide original information which leads to successful enforcement
of anti-money laundering laws in certain judicial or administrative actions resulting in certain monetary sanctions to receive up to
30 of the amount that is collected in monetary sanctions as well as increased protections. 

Following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, OFAC
took several sanctions related actions related to the Russian financial services sector pursuant to Executive Order 14024 beginning in
February 2022 including: (i) a determination by the Secretary of the Treasury with respect to the financial services sector of the Russian
Federation that authorizes sanctions against persons determined to operate or to have operated in that sector; (ii) correspondent or payable-through
account and payment processing prohibitions on certain Russian financial institutions; (iii) the blocking of certain Russian financial
institutions; (iv) expanding sovereign debt prohibitions to apply to new issuances in the secondary market; (v) prohibitions related to
new debt and equity for certain Russian entities; and (vi) a prohibition on transactions involving certain Russian government entities,
including the Central Bank of the Russian Federation. In March 2022, FinCEN issued an alert advising increased vigilance for potential
Russian Sanctions Evasion Attempts. The Financial Action Task Force FATF continues to revise the list of high-risk jurisdictions.
In October 2022, FATF removed Nicaragua and Pakistan from its lists of Jurisdictions under Increased Monitoring and added the Democratic
Republic of the Congo, Mozambique, and Tanzania. The FATF also added Burma to the list of High-Risk Jurisdictions Subject to a Call for
Action. 

Under the USA PATRIOT Act, the FinCEN can send
our banking regulatory agencies lists of the names of persons suspected of involvement in terrorist activities. The Bank can be requested,
to search its records for any relationships or transactions with persons on those lists. If the Bank finds any relationships or transactions,
it must file a suspicious activity report and contact FinCEN. 

Privacy, Data Security and Credit Reporting. 
Under privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA and related regulations, we are limited
in our ability to disclose non-public information about consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. Financial institutions are required
to disclose their policies for collecting and protecting confidential information. Customers generally may prevent financial institutions
from sharing nonpublic personal financial information with nonaffiliated third parties except under narrow circumstances, such as the
processing of transactions requested by the consumer or if the Bank is jointly sponsoring a product or service with a nonaffiliated third
party. Additionally, financial institutions generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third party for use
in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing to consumers. It is the Bank s policy not to disclose any personal information
unless required by law. 

Consumers must be notified in the event of a data
breach under applicable state laws. Multiple states and Congress are considering laws or regulations which could create new individual
privacy rights and impose increased obligations on companies handling personal data. For example, on November 18, 2021, the federal financial
regulatory agencies published a final rule that will impose upon banking organizations and their service providers new notification requirements
for significant cybersecurity incidents. Specifically, the final rule requires banking organizations to notify their primary federal regulator
as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the discovery of a computer-security incident that rises to the level
of a notification incident within the meaning attributed to those terms by the final rule. Banks service providers
are required under the final rule to notify any affected bank to or on behalf of which the service provider provides services as
soon as possible after determining that it has experienced an incident that materially disrupts or degrades, or is reasonably likely
to materially disrupt or degrade, covered services provided to such bank for as much as four hours. The final rule took effect on April
1, 2022 and banks and their service providers must have complied with the requirements of the rule by May 1, 2022. Effective December
9, 2022, the Federal Trade Commission s amendments to GLBA s Safeguards Rule went into effect requiring financial institutions
to: (i) appoint a qualified individual to oversee and implement their information security programs; (ii) implement additional criteria
for information security risk assessments; (iii) implement safeguards identified by assessments, including access controls, data inventory,
data disposal, change management, and monitoring, among other things; (iv) implement information system monitoring in the form of either
 continuous monitoring or periodic penetration testing; (v) implement additional controls including training
for security 

26 

Table of Contents 

personnel, periodic assessment of service providers, written incident response plans, and periodic reports from the qualified
individual to the board of directors. 

In addition, pursuant to the Fair and Accurate
Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (the FACT Act and the implementing regulations of the federal banking agencies and Federal
Trade Commission, the Bank is required to have in place an identity theft red flags program to detect, prevent and mitigate
identity theft. The Bank has implemented an identity theft red flags program designed to meet the requirements of the FACT Act and the
joint final rules. Additionally, the FACT Act amends the Fair Credit Reporting Act to generally prohibit a person from using information
received from an affiliate to make a solicitation for marketing purposes to a consumer, unless the consumer is given notice and a reasonable
opportunity and a reasonable and simple method to opt out of the making of such solicitations. 

Federal Home Loan Bank System. The
Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of Atlanta, which is one of 12 regional FHLBs that administer home financing
credit for depository institutions. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded
primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations of the FHLB System. It makes loans or advances to members in
accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board of Directors of the FHLB, which are subject to the oversight of the Federal
Housing Financing Board. All advances from the FHLB, which are subject to the oversight of the Federal Housing Finance Board. All advances
from the FHLB are required to be fully secured by sufficient collateral as determined by the FHLB. 

Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies. 
Our earnings are affected by domestic economic conditions and the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. government and its agencies.
The Federal Reserve s monetary policies have had, and are likely to continue to have, an important impact on the operating results
of commercial banks through its power to implement national monetary policy in order, among other things, to curb inflation or combat
a recession. The monetary policies of the Federal Reserve have major effects upon the levels of bank loans, investments and deposits through
its open market operations in U.S. government securities and through its regulation of the discount rate on borrowings of member banks
and the reserve requirements against member bank deposits. It is not possible to predict the nature or impact of future changes in monetary
and fiscal policies. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC reduced the
targeted federal funds interest rate range to 0.0 to 0.25 ; however, due in part to rising inflation, throughout 2022 the target federal
funds rate increased to between 4.25 and 4.50 . 

Incentive Compensation. In addition
to the potential restrictions on discretionary bonus compensation under the Basel III rules, the federal bank regulatory agencies have
issued guidance on incentive compensation policies (the Incentive Compensation Guidance intended to ensure that the incentive
compensation policies of financial institutions do not undermine the safety and soundness of such institutions by encouraging excessive
risk-taking. The Incentive Compensation Guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile
of an institution, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon the key principles that a financial institution s incentive
compensation arrangements should comply with the following principles: (i) provide employees incentives that appropriately balance risk
and reward; (ii) be compatible with effective controls and risk-management; and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including
active and effective oversight by the organization s board of directors. 

The scope and content of federal bank regulatory
agencies policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the near future. In
2016, federal agencies proposed regulations which could significantly change the regulation of incentive compensation programs at financial
institutions. The proposal would create four tiers of institutions based on asset size. Institutions in the top two tiers would be subject
to rules much more detailed and proscriptive than are currently in effect. If interpreted aggressively by the regulators, the proposed
rules could be used to prevent, as a practical matter, larger institutions from engaging in certain lines of business where substantial
commission and bonus pool arrangements are the norm. In the 2016 proposal, the top two tiers included institutions with more than 50
billion of assets, which would not currently apply to us. We cannot predict what final rules may be adopted, nor how they may be implemented
and, therefore, it cannot be determined at this time whether compliance with such policies will adversely affect our ability to hire,
retain and motivate our key employees. 

Corporate Governance . The Dodd-Frank
Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that affect most U.S. publicly traded
companies. The Dodd-Frank Act (i) grants stockholders of U.S. publicly traded companies an advisory vote on executive compensation and
so-called golden parachute payments, (ii) enhances independence requirements for compensation committee members, (iii) requires
the SEC to adopt rules directing national securities exchanges to establish listing standards requiring all listed companies to adopt
incentive-based compensation clawback policies for executive officers, and (iv) provides the SEC with authority to adopt proxy access
rules that would allow stockholders of publicly traded companies to nominate candidates for election as a director and have those nominees
included in a company s proxy materials. The SEC has completed the bulk (although not all) 

27 

Table of Contents 

of the rulemaking necessary to implement
these provisions. However, on October 14, 2021, the SEC signaled a renewed interest in this rulemaking initiative by re-opening the comment
period on a proposed rule issued originally in 2015 regarding clawbacks of incentive-based executive compensation. On October 26, 2022,
the SEC adopted final rules implementing the incentive-based compensation recovery (clawback) provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final
rules direct the stock exchanges to establish listing standards requiring listed companies to develop and implement a policy providing
for the recovery of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current or former executive officers and to satisfy related
disclosure obligations. We are currently awaiting the final rules from The Nasdaq Stock Market, which are not expected to take effect
until mid-2023 at the earliest. 

Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate . 
Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry or segment. A concentration in commercial
real estate is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management
Practices guidance CRE Guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist
bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory
scrutiny: (i) commercial real estate loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years or (ii) construction
and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of commercial real estate lending
activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the
level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies issued a statement
to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to commercial real estate lending, having observed substantial growth in many commercial
real estate asset and lending markets, increased competitive pressures, rising commercial real estate concentrations in banks, and an
easing of commercial real estate underwriting standards. The federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting
discipline and exercise prudent risk-management practices to identify, measure, monitor and manage the risks arising from commercial real
estate lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions must maintain capital commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial
real estate concentration risk. 

Based on the Bank s loan portfolio as of
December 31, 2022, it did not exceed the 300 and 100 guidelines for commercial real estate loans or construction and land development
loans. The Bank will continue to monitor its portfolio to manage this increased risk. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The following risk factors and other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only
ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may adversely impact
our business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected. 

Risks Related to Economic Conditions 

Our business may be adversely affected by
conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally. 

Our financial performance generally, and in particular
the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans,
as well as demand for loans and other products and services we offer and whose success we rely on to drive our growth, is highly dependent
upon the business environment in the primary markets where we operate and in the United States as a whole. Unlike larger banks that are
more geographically diversified, we are a regional bank that provides banking and financial services to customers primarily in Greenville,
Columbia, Charleston, and Summerville, South Carolina; Raleigh, Greensboro and Charlotte, North Carolina; and Atlanta, Georgia. The economic
conditions in these local markets may be different from, and in some instances worse than, the economic conditions in the United States
as a whole. 

Some elements of the business environment that
affect our financial performance include short-term and long-term interest rates, the prevailing yield curve, inflation and price levels,
monetary and trade policy, unemployment and the strength of the domestic economy and the local economy in the markets in which we operate.
Unfavorable market conditions can result in a deterioration in the credit quality of our borrowers and the demand for our products and
services, an increase in the number of loan delinquencies, defaults, charge-offs, foreclosures, additional provisions for credit losses,
adverse asset values of the collateral securing our loans and an overall material adverse effect on the quality of our loan portfolio.
Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or
business confidence limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and 

28 

Table of Contents 

capital increases in inflation
or interest rates high unemployment natural disasters epidemics and pandemics (such as COVID-19); or a combination of
these or other factors. 

As economic conditions relating to the COVID-19
pandemic have improved, the Federal Reserve has shifted its focus to limiting inflationary and other potentially adverse effects of the
extensive pandemic-related government stimulus, which signals the potential for a continued period of economic uncertainty even though
the pandemic has subsided. In addition, there are continuing concerns related to, among other things, the level of U.S. government debt
and fiscal actions that may be taken to address that debt, a potential resurgence of economic and political tensions with China and the
Russian invasion of Ukraine, all of which may have a destabilizing effect on financial markets and economic activity. Economic pressure
on consumers and overall economic uncertainty may result in changes in consumer and business spending, borrowing and saving habits. These
economic conditions and/or other negative developments in the domestic or international credit markets or economies may significantly
affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments, and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability.
Declines in real estate values and sales volumes and high unemployment or underemployment may also result in higher than expected loan
delinquencies, increases in our levels of nonperforming and classified assets and a decline in demand for our products and services. These
negative events may cause us to incur losses and may adversely affect our capital, liquidity and financial condition. 

A significant portion of our loan portfolio
is secured by real estate, and events that negatively affect the real estate market could hurt our business. 

As of December 31, 2022, approximately 85 of our
loans had real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real estate collateral in each case provides an alternate
source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate in value during the time the credit is extended. A weakening
of the real estate market in our primary market areas could result in an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans
and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our profitability and
asset quality. Deterioration in the real estate market could cause us to adjust our opinion of the level of credit quality in our loan
portfolio. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the debt during a period of reduced real estate values,
our earnings and capital could be adversely affected. Acts of nature, including hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, fires and floods, which
may cause uninsured damage and other loss of value to real estate that secures these loans, may also negatively affect our financial condition. 

Risks Related to Lending Activities 

Our loan portfolio contains a number of real
estate loans with relatively large balances. 

Because our loan portfolio contains a number of
real estate loans with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase
in nonperforming loans, which could result in a net loss of earnings, an increase in the provision for credit losses and an increase in
loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Commercial real estate loans increase our
exposure to credit risk. 

At December 31, 2022, 48.4 of our loan portfolio
was secured by commercial real estate. Loans secured by commercial real estate are generally viewed as having more risk of default than
loans secured by residential real estate or consumer loans because repayment of the loans often depends on the successful operation of
the property, the income stream of the borrowers, the accuracy of the estimate of the property s value at completion of construction,
and the estimated cost of construction. Such loans are generally more risky than loans secured by residential real estate or consumer
loans because those loans are typically not secured by real estate collateral. An adverse development with respect to one lending relationship
can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared with a single-family residential mortgage loan because we typically have
more than one loan with such borrowers. Additionally, these loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups
of related borrowers compared with single-family residential mortgage loans. Therefore, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans
could cause a significant decline in the related asset quality. A return of recessionary conditions could result in a sharp increase in
loans charged-off and could require us to significantly increase our allowance for credit losses, which could have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

Imposition of limits by the bank regulators
on commercial and multi-family real estate lending activities could curtail our growth and adversely affect our earnings. 

In 2006, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve and the
OCC issued joint guidance entitled Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the
 CRE Guidance ). Although the CRE Guidance did not establish specific lending limits, it provides that a bank s commercial
real estate lending exposure could receive increased supervisory scrutiny where total non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans,
including loans secured by apartment buildings, investor commercial real estate, and construction and land loans, represent 300 or more
of an institution s 

29 

Table of Contents 

total risk-based capital, and the outstanding balance of the commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased
by 50 or more during the preceding 36 months. Our level of commercial real estate and multi-family loans represents 261.7 of the Bank s
total risk-based capital at December 31, 2022. 

In December 2015, the regulatory agencies released
a new statement on prudent risk management for commercial real estate lending (the 2015 Statement ). In the 2015 Statement,
the regulatory agencies, among other things, indicate the intent to continue to pay special attention to commercial real
estate lending activities and concentrations going forward. If the FDIC, our primary federal regulator, were to impose restrictions on
the amount of commercial real estate loans we can hold in our portfolio, for reasons noted above or otherwise, our earnings would be adversely
affected. 

Repayment of our commercial business loans
is often dependent on the cash flows of the borrower, which may be unpredictable, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate
in value. 

At December 31, 2022, commercial business loans
comprised 14.3 of our total loan portfolio. Our commercial business loans are originated primarily based on the identified cash flow
and general liquidity of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower and/or repayment capacity
of any guarantor. The borrower s cash flow may be unpredictable, and collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Although
commercial business loans are often collateralized by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, or other business assets, the liquidation
of collateral in the event of default is often an insufficient source of repayment because accounts receivable may be uncollectible and
inventories may be obsolete or of limited use. In addition, business assets may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise, and
may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Accordingly, the repayment of commercial business loans depends primarily
on the cash flow and credit worthiness of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral value provided by the borrower and
liquidity of the guarantor. If these borrowers do not have sufficient cash flows or resources to pay these loans as they come due or the
value of the underlying collateral is insufficient to fully secure these loans, we may suffer losses on these loans that exceed our allowance
for credit losses. 

We may have higher credit losses than we
have allowed for in our allowance for credit losses. 

Our actual loans losses could exceed our allowance
for credit losses and therefore our historic allowance for credit losses may not be adequate. As of December 31, 2022, 48.4 of our loan
portfolio was secured by commercial real estate. Repayment of such loans is generally considered more subject to market risk than residential
mortgage loans. Industry experience shows that a portion of loans will become delinquent and a portion of loans will require partial or
entire charge-off. Regardless of the underwriting criteria utilized, losses may be experienced as a result of various factors beyond our
control, including among other things, changes in market conditions affecting the value of loan collateral, the cash flows of our borrowers
and problems affecting borrower credit. If we suffer credit losses that exceed our allowance for credit losses, our financial condition,
liquidity or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

While the COVID-19 fiscal stimulus and relief programs
appear to have delayed any materially adverse financial impact to the Bank, once these stimulus programs have been fully exhausted, we
believe our credit metrics could worsen and credit losses could ultimately materialize. Any potential credit losses will be contingent
upon a number of factors beyond our control, such as a slower return to pre-pandemic routines, which will be influenced by a number of
factors including increases in new COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations and deaths leading to additional government imposed restrictions;
refusals to receive the vaccines along with concerns related to new strains of the virus; supply chain issues remaining unresolved longer
than anticipated; unemployment increases while consumer confidence and spending falls; and rising geopolitical tensions. 

Our decisions regarding allowance for credit
losses and credit risk may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Making loans and other extensions of credit is
an essential element of our business. Although we seek to mitigate risks inherent in lending by adhering to specific underwriting practices,
our loans and other extensions of credit may not be repaid. The risk of nonpayment is affected by a number of factors, including: 

the
duration of the credit; 

credit risks of a particular client; 

changes in economic and industry conditions; and 

in the case of a collateralized loan, risks resulting
from uncertainties about the future value of the collateral. 

We attempt to maintain an appropriate allowance
for credit losses to provide for probable losses in our loan portfolio. We periodically determine the amount of the allowance based on
consideration of several factors, including but not limited to: 

an ongoing review of the quality, mix, and size
of our overall loan portfolio; 

our historical loan loss experience; 

evaluation of economic conditions; 

regular reviews of loan delinquencies and loan
portfolio quality; 

30 

Table of Contents 

ongoing review of financial information provided
by borrowers; and 

the amount and quality of collateral, including
guarantees, securing the loans. 

The determination of the appropriate level of the
allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current
credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. A deterioration in economic conditions affecting borrowers,
new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our
control, may require an increase in the allowance for credit losses. In addition, regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance
for credit losses and may require an increase in the provision for credit losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based
on judgments different than those of management. In addition, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for credit losses,
we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance for credit losses. Any increases in the allowance for credit losses will
result in a decrease in net income and, possibly, capital, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. 

A percentage of the loans in our portfolio
currently include exceptions to our loan policies and supervisory guidelines. 

All of the loans that we make are subject to written
loan policies adopted by our board of directors and to supervisory guidelines imposed by our regulators. Our loan policies are designed
to reduce the risks associated with the loans that we make by requiring our loan officers to take certain steps that vary depending on
the type and amount of the loan, prior to closing a loan. These steps include, among other things, making sure the proper liens are documented
and perfected on property securing a loan, and requiring proof of adequate insurance coverage on property securing loans. Loans that do
not fully comply with our loan policies are known as exceptions. We categorize exceptions as policy exceptions, financial
statement exceptions and document exceptions. As a result of these exceptions, such loans may have a higher risk of loan loss than the
other loans in our portfolio that fully comply with our loan policies. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory action by federal
or state banking authorities if they believe the number of exceptions in our loan portfolio represents an unsafe banking practice. 

Risks Related to Capital and Liquidity 

Liquidity needs could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. 

Dividends from the Bank provide the primary source
of funds for the Company. The primary sources of funds of the Bank are client deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments
are a relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to
repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting
business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, natural disasters
and international instability. 

Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by
a number of factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available
to clients on alternative investments and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary
sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include proceeds from FHLB advances, sales
of investment securities and loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits.
While we believe that these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity
demands, particularly if we continue to grow and experience increasing loan demand. We may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth,
capital expenditures or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. 

The Company is a stand-alone entity with its own
liquidity needs to service its debt or other obligations. Other than dividends from the Bank, the Company does not have additional means
of generating liquidity without obtaining additional debt or equity funding. If we are unable to receive dividends from the Bank or obtain
additional funding, we may be unable to pay our debt or other obligations. 

Legal, Accounting, Regulatory and Compliance
Risks 

We are subject to extensive regulation that
has limited the conduct of our business, and could impose financial requirements, each of which could have an adverse impact on our operations. 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and are
subject to examination, supervision, and comprehensive regulation by various regulatory agencies. We are subject to regulation by the
Federal Reserve. The Bank is subject to extensive regulation, supervision, and examination by our primary federal regulator, the FDIC,
the regulating authority that insures client deposits, and by our primary state regulator, the S.C. Board. Also, as a member of the Federal
Home Loan Bank, 

31 

Table of Contents 

the Bank must comply with applicable regulations of the Federal Housing Finance Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank.
Regulation by these agencies is intended primarily for the protection of our depositors and the deposit insurance fund and not for the
benefit of our shareholders. The Bank s activities are also regulated under consumer protection laws applicable to our lending,
deposit, and other activities. A sufficient claim against us under these laws could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies
could also result in heightened regulatory scrutiny and in sanctions by regulatory agencies (such as a memorandum of understanding, a
written supervisory agreement or a cease and desist order), civil money penalties and/or reputation damage. Any of these consequences
could restrict our ability to expand our business or could require us to raise additional capital or sell assets on terms that are not
advantageous to us or our shareholders and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent any such violations, such violations may occur despite our best efforts. 

We are subject to federal and state fair
lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. 

Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations,
such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions.
The Department of Justice, CFPB and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A finding
by these regulators of noncompliance with these laws could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages
and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, and imposition of restrictions on expansion activity. Private parties may also have the
ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation, which if successful could
adversely impact our rating under the CRA. 

As of our most recent examination report, the Bank
received a Needs to Improve CRA rating, which results in restrictions on certain expansionary activities, including certain
mergers and acquisitions and the establishment and relocation of bank branches. This rating will also result in a loss of expedited processing
of applications to undertake certain activities, and requires the Bank to receive prior regulatory approval for certain activities, including
to issue or prepay certain subordinated debt obligations, and open or relocate bank branches. A Needs to Improve rating
could have an impact on our relationships with certain states, counties, municipalities or other public agencies to the extent applicable
law, regulation or policy limits, restricts or influences whether such entity may do business with a company that has a below Satisfactory 
rating and, in general, could negatively affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. These restrictions,
among others, will remain in place at least until the Bank s next CRA rating is publicly released by the FDIC. The FDIC may take
additional enforcement action, including a possible informal or formal enforcement action and/or civil monetary penalties. As a result
of these limitations and conditions, we may be unable or may fail to pursue, evaluate or complete transactions that might have been strategically
or competitively significant. 

We face risks related to the adoption of
future legislation and potential changes in federal regulatory agency leadership, policies, and priorities. 

With the new Congress taking office in 2023, Republicans
gained control of the U.S. House of Representatives, while Democrats retained control of the U.S. Senate. However slim the majorities,
though, the net result was a split Congress, which in the past leads to less sweeping policy changes. However, Congressional committees
with jurisdiction over the banking sector have pursued oversight and legislative initiatives in a variety of areas, including addressing
climate-related risks, promoting diversity and equality within the banking industry and addressing other Environmental, Social, and Governance
matters, improving competition in the banking sector and enhancing oversight of bank mergers and acquisitions, establishing a regulatory
framework for digital assets and markets, and oversight of the COVID-19 pandemic response and economic recovery. The prospects for the
enactment of major banking reform legislation remain unclear at this time. 

Moreover, the turnover of the presidential administration
resulted in certain changes in the leadership and senior staffs of the federal banking agencies, the CFPB, CFTC, SEC, and the Treasury
Department, with certain significant leadership positions yet to be filled, including the Comptroller of the Currency. These changes have
impacted the rulemaking, supervision, examination and enforcement priorities and policies of the agencies and likely will continue to
do so over the next several years. The potential impact of any changes in agency personnel, policies and priorities on the financial services
sector, including the Company and the Bank, cannot be predicted at this time. Regulations and laws may be modified at any time, and new
legislation may be enacted that will affect us. Any future changes in federal and state laws and regulations, as well as the interpretation
and implementation of such laws and regulations, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including those listed above or
other ways that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

32 

Table of Contents 

We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement
action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. 

The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the USA Patriot Act
and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering
programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,
established by the U.S. Treasury to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations
of those requirements and has engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the
U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance
with the rules enforced by OFAC. Federal and state bank regulators also focus on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering
regulations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions
that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory
actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain
aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have
serious reputational consequences for us. 

Federal, state and local consumer lending
laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans and could
increase our cost of doing business. 

Federal, state and local laws have been adopted
that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering
borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans
without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property.
Loans with certain terms and conditions and that otherwise meet the definition of a qualified mortgage may be protected
from liability to a borrower for failing to make the necessary determinations. In either case, we may find it necessary to tighten our
mortgage loan underwriting standards in response to the CFPB rules, which may constrain our ability to make loans consistent with our
business strategies. It is our policy not to make predatory loans and to determine borrowers ability to repay, but the law and related
rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. They increase our cost
of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans and cause us to reduce the average percentage rate or the
points and fees on loans that we do make. 

The Federal Reserve may require us to commit
capital resources to support the Bank. 

The Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company
to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank.
Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections
into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit
resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank regulators to require that all companies
that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength for the institution. Under these requirements,
in the future, we could be required to provide financial assistance to the Bank if the Bank experiences financial distress. 

A capital injection may be required at times when
we do not have the resources to provide it, and therefore we may be required to borrow the funds. In the event of a bank holding company s
bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the
capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority
of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus,
any borrowing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive
and will adversely impact the holding company s cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The CECL accounting
standard resulted in a significant change in how we recognize credit losses and may continue to have a material impact on our financial
condition or results of operations. 

In June 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued an accounting standard update, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic
326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the current incurred loss model for recognizing
credit losses with an expected loss model referred to as the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model. While
the new CECL standard became effective on January 1, 2023 and for interim periods within that year, we early adopted CECL as of January
1, 2022. 

Under the CECL model,
we are required to present certain financial assets carried at amortized cost, such as loans held for investment and held-to-maturity debt
securities, at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of 

33 

Table of Contents 

expected credit losses is based on information about past events,
including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported
amount. This measurement will take place at the time the financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter.
This differs significantly from the incurred loss model required under current generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), which delays recognition until it is probable a loss has been incurred. Accordingly, the adoption of the CECL model
materially affected how we determine our allowance for credit losses and required us to increase our allowance. Moreover, the CECL model
may create more volatility in the level of our allowance for credit losses. If we are required to materially increase our level of allowance
for credit losses for any reason, such increase could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Operations 

Competition with other financial institutions
may have an adverse effect on our ability to retain and grow our client base, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. 

The banking and financial services industry is
very competitive and includes services offered from other banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, mortgage companies, other
lenders, and institutions offering uninsured investment alternatives. Legal and regulatory developments have made it easier for new and
sometimes unregulated competitors to compete with us. The financial services industry has and is experiencing an ongoing trend towards
consolidation in which fewer large national and regional banks and other financial institutions are replacing many smaller and more local
banks. These larger banks and other financial institutions hold a large accumulation of assets and have significantly greater resources
and a wider geographic presence or greater accessibility. In some instances, these larger entities operate without the traditional brick
and mortar facilities that restrict geographic presence. Some competitors have more aggressive marketing campaigns and better brand recognition,
and are able to offer more services, more favorable pricing or greater customer convenience than the Bank. In addition, competition has
increased from new banks and other financial services providers that target our existing or potential clients. As consolidation continues
among large banks, we expect other smaller institutions to try to compete in the markets we serve. This competition could reduce our net
income by decreasing the number and size of the loans that we originate and the interest rates we charge on these loans. Additionally,
these competitors may offer higher interest rates, which could decrease the deposits we attract or require us to increase rates to retain
existing deposits or attract new deposits. Increased deposit competition could adversely affect our ability to generate the funds necessary
for lending operations which could increase our cost of funds. 

The financial services industry could become even
more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms
and insurance companies can merge as part of a financial holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including
banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. Technological developments have allowed
competitors, including some non-depository institutions, to compete more effectively in local markets and have expanded the range of financial
products, services and capital available to our target clients. If we are unable to implement, maintain and use such technologies effectively,
we may not be able to offer products or achieve cost-efficiencies necessary to compete in the industry. In addition, some of these competitors
have fewer regulatory constraints and lower cost structures. 

We are subject to environmental risks that could
result in losses. 

In the course of business, the Bank may acquire,
through foreclosure, or deed in lieu of foreclosure, properties securing loans it has originated or purchased which are in default. Particularly
in commercial real estate lending, there is a risk that hazardous substances could be discovered on these properties. In this event, the
Bank may be required to remove these substances from the affected properties at our sole cost and expense. The cost of this removal could
substantially exceed the value of affected properties. We may not have adequate remedies against the prior owner or other responsible
parties and could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties. These events could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, we are subject to the growing risk
of climate change. Among the risks associated with climate change are more frequent severe weather events. Severe weather events such
as hurricanes, tropical storms, tornados, winter storms, freezes, flooding and other large-scale weather catastrophes in our markets subject
us to significant risks and more frequent severe weather events magnify those risks. Large-scale weather catastrophes or other significant
climate change effects that either damage or destroy residential or multifamily real estate underlying mortgage loans or real estate collateral,
or negatively affects the value of real estate collateral or the ability of borrowers to continue to make payments on loans, could decrease
the value of our real estate collateral or increase our delinquency rates in the affected areas and thus diminish the value of our loan
portfolio. Such events could also cause downturns in economic and market conditions generally, which could have an adverse effect on our
business and financial results. The potential losses and costs associated with climate change related risks are difficult to predict and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

34 

Table of Contents 

We rely on other companies to provide key
components of our business infrastructure. 

Third parties provide key components of our business
operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, internet connections
and network access. While we have selected these third party vendors carefully, we do not control their actions. Any problem caused by
these third parties, including poor performance of services, data breaches, failure to provide services, disruptions in communication
services provided by a vendor and failure to handle current or higher volumes, could adversely affect our ability to deliver products
and services to our clients and otherwise conduct our business, and may harm our reputation. Financial or operational difficulties of
a third party vendor could also hurt our operations if those difficulties interfere with the vendor s ability to serve us. Replacing
these third party vendors could also create significant delay and expense. Accordingly, use of such third parties creates an unavoidable
inherent risk to our business operations. 

We may be adversely affected by the soundness
of other financial institutions. 

Financial services institutions are interrelated
as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties,
and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers,
investment banks, and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a
counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by the Bank cannot be realized upon or
is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due to the Bank. Any such losses
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations 

We are subject to losses due to errors, omissions
or fraudulent behavior by our employees, clients, counterparties or other third parties. 

We are exposed to many types of operational risk,
including the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, clerical recordkeeping errors and transactional errors. Our business is dependent
on our employees as well as third-party service providers to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. We could be
materially and adversely affected if employees, clients, counterparties or other third parties caused an operational breakdown or failure,
either as a result of human error, fraudulent manipulation or purposeful damage to any of our operations or systems. 

In deciding whether to extend credit or to enter
into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties,
including financial statements and other financial information, which we do not independently verify. We also may rely on representations
of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports
of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to clients, we may assume that a client s audited financial
statements conform with GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
of the client. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected to the extent we rely on financial statements
that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading, any of which could be caused by errors, omissions, or fraudulent behavior by
our employees, clients, counterparties, or other third parties. 

In addition, criminals committing fraud increasingly
are using more sophisticated techniques and in some cases are part of larger criminal rings, which allow them to be more effective. This
type of fraudulent activity has taken many forms, ranging from check fraud, mechanical devices attached to ATM machines, social engineering
and phishing attacks to obtain personal information or impersonation of our clients through the use of falsified or stolen credentials.
Additionally, an individual or business entity may properly identify themselves, particularly when banking online, yet seek to establish
a business relationship for the purpose of perpetrating fraud. Further, in addition to fraud committed against us, we may suffer losses
as a result of fraudulent activity committed against third parties. Increased deployment of technologies, such as chip card technology,
defray and reduce aspects of fraud; however, criminals are turning to other sources to steal personally identifiable information, such
as unaffiliated healthcare providers and government entities, in order to impersonate the consumer to commit fraud. Many of these data
compromises are widely reported in the media. 

As a result of the increased sophistication of
fraud activity, we have increased our spending on systems and controls to detect and prevent fraud. This will result in continued ongoing
investments in the future. Nevertheless, these investments may prove insufficient and fraudulent activity could result in losses to us
or our customers; loss of business and/or customers; damage to our reputation; the incurrence of additional expenses (including the cost
of notification to consumers, credit monitoring and forensics, and fees and fines imposed by the card networks); disruption to our business;
our inability to grow our online services or other businesses; additional regulatory scrutiny or penalties; or our exposure to civil litigation
and possible financial liability any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

35 

Table of Contents 

Our operational or security systems may experience
an interruption or breach in security, including as a result of cyber-attacks. 

We rely heavily on communications and information
systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks,
could result in failures or disruptions in our client relationship management, deposit, loan, and other systems and also the disclosure
or misuse of confidential or proprietary information. While we have systems, policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the
effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions
or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions
or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, subject us to additional
regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, information security risks for financial
institutions have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the Internet
and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime,
hackers, terrorists, activists, and other external parties. Our technologies, systems, networks, and our customers devices may
become the target of cyber-attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring,
misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or
our customers or other third parties business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may also be required to
expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information
security vulnerabilities. 

While we have not experienced any material losses
relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches to date, we may suffer such losses in the future and any information
security breach could result in significant costs to us, which may include fines and penalties, potential liabilities from governmental
or third party investigations, proceedings or litigation, legal, forensic and consulting fees and expenses, costs and diversion of management
attention required for investigation and remediation actions, and the negative impact on our reputation and loss of confidence of our
customers and others, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our controls and procedures may fail or be
circumvented. 

We regularly review and update our internal controls,
disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and
operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the
system are met. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls
and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Failure to keep pace with technological change
could adversely affect our business. 

The financial services industry is continually
undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of
technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends,
in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy
customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources
to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be
successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting
the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our profitability is dependent on our banking
activities. 

Because we are a bank holding company, our profitability
is directly attributable to the success of the Bank. Our banking activities compete with other banking institutions on the basis of products,
service, convenience and price, among others. Due in part to both regulatory changes and consumer demands, banks have experienced increased
competition from other entities offering similar products and services. We rely on the profitability of the Bank and dividends received
from the Bank for payment of our operating expenses and satisfaction of our obligations. As is the case with other similarly situated
financial institutions, our profitability will be subject to the fluctuating cost and availability of funds, changes in the prime lending
rate and other interest rates, changes in economic conditions in general, and other factors. 

36 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We are subject to interest rate risk, which
could adversely affect our financial condition and profitability. 

A significant portion of our banking assets are
subject to changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 87 of our loan portfolio was in fixed rate loans, while
only 13 was in variable rate loans. Like most financial institutions, our earnings significantly depend on our net interest income, the
principal component of our earnings, which is the difference between interest earned by us from our interest-earning assets, such as loans
and investment securities, and interest paid by us on our interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We expect that
we will periodically experience gaps in the interest rate sensitivities of our assets and liabilities, meaning that either
our interest-bearing liabilities will be more sensitive to changes in market interest rates than our interest-earning assets, or vice
versa. In either event, if market interest rates should move contrary to our position, this gap will negatively impact our
earnings. Many factors beyond our control impact interest rates, including economic conditions, governmental monetary policies, inflation,
recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply, and disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. Changes
in monetary policies of the various government agencies could influence not only the interest we receive on loans and securities and the
interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, the
fair value of our financial assets and liabilities, and the average duration of our assets and liabilities. 

In a declining interest rate environment, there
may be an increase in prepayments on loans as borrowers refinance their loans at lower rates. In a rising interest rate environment, the
interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our floating interest rate borrowers, which increases the potential
for default. At the same time, the marketability of the property securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting
from higher interest rates. An increase (or decrease) in interest rates also requires us to increase (or decrease) the interest rates
that we pay on our deposits. Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in
interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans may lead to increases in nonperforming
assets, charge-offs and delinquencies, further increases to the allowance for credit losses, and a reduction of income recognized, among
others, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, when we place a loan on non-accrual
status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. At the same time, we continue to have
a cost to fund the loan, which is reflected as interest expense, without any interest income to offset the associated funding expense.
Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets could have a material adverse impact on our net interest income. 

In March 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic,
the Federal Reserve reduced the target Federal Funds rate to between zero and 0.25 ; however, due in part to rising inflation, throughout
2022 the target Federal Funds rate increased to between 4.25 and 4.50 . Rapid changes in interest rates make it difficult for us to balance
our loan and deposit portfolios, which may adversely affect our results of operations by, for example, reducing asset yields or spreads,
creating operating and system issues, or having other adverse impacts on our business. When short-term interest rates are low for a prolonged
period and assuming longer-term interest rates fall further, we could experience net interest margin compression as our interest-earning
assets would continue to reprice downward while our interest-bearing liability rates could fail to decline in tandem, which would have
an adverse effect on our net interest income and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
When interest-earning assets mature or reprice more quickly, or to a greater degree than interest-bearing liabilities, falling interest
rates could reduce net interest income. When interest-bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly, or to a greater degree than
interest-earning assets in a period, an increase in interest rates could reduce net interest income. 

In addition, our mortgage operations provide a
portion of our noninterest income. We generate mortgage revenues primarily from gains on the sale of residential mortgage loans pursuant
to programs currently offered by Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae or Freddie Mac. In this rising or higher interest rate environment, our originations
of mortgage loans have decreased, resulting in fewer loans that are available to be sold to investors, which has decreased mortgage revenues
in noninterest income. In addition, our results of operations are affected by the amount of noninterest expenses associated with mortgage
activities, such as salaries and employee benefits, other loan expense, and other costs. During periods of reduced loan demand, our results
of operations may be adversely affected to the extent that we are unable to reduce expenses commensurate with the decline in loan originations. 

Inflationary pressures and rising prices
may affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Inflation has continued rising in 2022 at levels
not seen for over 40 years. Inflationary pressures are currently expected to remain elevated throughout 2023. Inflation could lead to
increased costs to our customers, making it more difficult for them to repay their loans or other obligations increasing our credit risk.
Sustained higher interest rates by the Federal Reserve may be needed to tame persistent inflationary price pressures, which could push
down asset prices and weaken economic activity. A deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and our markets could result
in an increase 

37 

Table of Contents 

in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values and a decrease in demand for our products
and services, all of which, in turn, would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The phase-out of LIBOR could negatively impact
our net interest income and require significant operational work. 

The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority FCA regulates the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), the reference rate previously used for many of
our transactions, including our lending and borrowing and our purchase and sale of securities, as well as the derivatives that we use
to manage risk related to such transactions. The FCA announced in July 2017 that the sustainability of LIBOR could not be guaranteed.
Accordingly, although the FCA confirmed the extension of overnight and 1-, 3-, 6-, and 12-month LIBOR through June 30, 2023 in order to
accord financial institutions greater time with which to manage the transition from LIBOR, the FCA is no longer persuading, or compelling,
banks to submit to LIBOR. The federal banking agencies previously determined that banks should have ceased entering into any new contract
that use LIBOR as a reference rate by December 31, 2021. 

The discontinuation of LIBOR, changes in LIBOR,
or changes in market perceptions of the acceptability of LIBOR as a benchmark could result in changes to our risk exposures (for example,
if the anticipated discontinuation of LIBOR adversely affects the availability or cost of floating-rate funding and, therefore, our exposure
to fluctuations in interest rates) or otherwise result in losses on a product or having to pay more or receive less on securities that
we own or have issued. In addition, such uncertainty could result in pricing volatility and increased capital requirements, loss of market
share in certain products, adverse tax or accounting impacts, and compliance, legal and operational costs and risks associated with client
disclosures, discretionary actions taken or negotiation of fallback provisions, systems disruption, business continuity, and model disruption.
We do not have substantial exposure to LIBOR-based products, including loans, securities, derivatives and hedges, and trust preferred
securities. In addition, all of our LIBOR-based loan documents allow for use of an alternate index if the current index is not available.
We continue to prepare for the transition of our existing LIBOR exposures prior to the final LIBOR cessation date of June 30, 2023. We
continue to monitor market developments and regulatory updates, including recent announcements from the ICE Benchmark Administrator, as
well as collaborate with regulators and industry groups on the transition of existing exposures. In addition, the implementation of LIBOR
reform proposals may result in increased compliance costs and operational costs, including costs related to continued participation in
LIBOR and the transition to a replacement reference rate or rates. We cannot reasonably estimate the expected cost. 

Negative public opinion surrounding the Company
and the financial institutions industry generally could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings. 

Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings
and capital from negative public opinion surrounding the Company and the financial institutions industry generally, is inherent in our
business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices,
corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those
activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients and employees and can expose us to litigation
and regulatory action. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with our clients and communities, this risk will
always be present given the nature of our business. 

Consumers may decide not to use banks to
complete their financial transactions. 

Technology and other changes are allowing parties
to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain
funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general-purpose reloadable prepaid
cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks.
The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income,
as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the
lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our reliance on brokered deposits could adversely
affect our liquidity and operating results. 

Among other sources of funds, in 2022, we relied
on brokered deposits to provide funds with which to make loans and provide other liquidity needed. Brokered deposits were 236.2 million,
representing 7.5 of our total deposits at December 31, 2022. Generally, these deposits may not be as stable as other types of deposits.
In the future, these depositors may not replace their deposits with us as they mature, or we may have to pay a higher rate of interest
to keep those deposits or to replace them with other deposits or sources of funds. Not being able to maintain or replace these deposits
as they mature could affect our liquidity. Paying higher deposit rates to maintain or replace these types of deposits could adversely
affect our net interest margin and operating results. 

38 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Strategic Plans 

We are dependent on key individuals and the
loss of one or more of these key individuals could curtail our growth and adversely affect our prospects. 

R. Arthur Seaver, Jr., our chief executive officer,
and Calvin C. Hurst, our president, each have extensive and long-standing ties within our primary market area and substantial experience
with our operations, and each has contributed significantly to our growth. If we lose the services of any of these individuals, they would
be difficult to replace and our business and development could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be successful in retaining
key personnel, and the unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business
because of their skill, knowledge of our primary markets, years of industry experience and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified
replacement personnel. In particular, Michael D. Dowling, our chief financial officer and chief operating officer, resigned effective
February 15, 2023. Leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and an inadequate transition to a permanent successor
may cause disruptions to our business due to, among other things, diverting management s attention or causing a deterioration in
morale. 

Our success also depends, in part, on our continued
ability to attract and retain experienced loan originators, as well as other management personnel, including other executive vice presidents.
Competition for personnel is intense, and the process of locating key personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required
to execute our business strategy may be lengthy. In 2021, there was a dramatic increase in workers leaving their positions throughout
our industry and other industries that was referred to as the great resignation, and the market to build, retain and replace
talent has become even more highly competitive. 

If the services of any of our other key personnel
should become unavailable for any reason, we may not be able to identify and hire qualified persons on terms acceptable to the Company,
or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition, and future prospects.
The departure of any of our other personnel could also have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and growth
prospects. 

The success of our growth strategy depends
on our ability to identify and retain individuals with experience and relationships in the markets in which we intend to expand. 

To expand our franchise successfully, we must identify
and retain experienced key management members with local expertise and relationships in these markets. We expect that competition for
qualified management in the markets in which we may expand will be intense and that there will be a limited number of qualified persons
with knowledge of and experience in the community banking industry in these markets. Even if we identify individuals that we believe could
assist us in establishing a presence in a new market, we may be unable to recruit these individuals away from more established financial
institutions. In addition, the process of identifying and recruiting individuals with the combination of skills and attributes required
to carry out our strategy requires both management and financial resources and is often lengthy. Our inability to identify, recruit, and
retain talented personnel to manage new offices effectively would limit our growth and could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

We will face risks with respect to future
expansion. 

We routinely evaluate opportunities to expand into
new markets, as we did in Columbia, South Carolina in 2007, Charleston, South Carolina in 2012, Raleigh, North Carolina in 2017, Atlanta,
Georgia in 2017, Summerville, South Carolina and Greensboro, North Carolina in 2018 and Charlotte, North Carolina in 2021. We may also
expand our lines of business or offer new products or services as well as seek to acquire other financial institutions or parts of those
institutions. Any merger and acquisition activities could be material and could require us to use a substantial amount of common stock,
cash, other liquid assets, and/or incur debt. Moreover, these types of expansions involve various risks, including: 

the time and costs of evaluating new markets,
hiring or retaining experienced local management, and opening new offices and the time lags between these activities and the generation
of sufficient assets and deposits to support the costs of the expansion; 

the incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill
associated with an acquisition and possible adverse effects on our results of operations; 

the potential inaccuracy of the estimates and
judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management, and market risks with respect to a target institution; 

incurring the time and expense associated with
identifying and evaluating potential merger or acquisition targets and other expansion opportunities and negotiating potential transactions,
resulting in management s attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 

the possibility that the expected benefits of
a transaction may not materialize in the timeframe expected or at all, or may be costlier to achieve; 

39 

Table of Contents 

the risk that we may be unsuccessful in attracting
and retaining deposits and originating high quality loans in new markets; 

difficulty or unanticipated expense associated
with converting the operating systems of an acquired or merged company into ours; 

delay in completing a merger, acquisition or other
expansion activities due to litigation, closing conditions or the regulatory approval process; and 

the risk of loss of key employees and clients
of the Company or the acquired or merged company. 

There is no assurance that existing branches or
future branches, if any, will maintain or achieve deposit levels, loan balances or other operating results necessary to avoid losses or
produce profits. Our growth may entail an increase in overhead expenses if we add new branches and staff. There are considerable costs
involved in opening branches, and new branches generally do not generate sufficient revenues to offset their costs until they have been
in operation for at least a year or more. Accordingly, any new branches established can be expected to negatively impact earnings for
some period of time until they reach certain economies of scale. Our historical results may not be indicative of future results or results
that may be achieved, particularly if we continue to expand. 

Failure to successfully address these and other
issues related to any expansion could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including
short-term and long-term liquidity, and could adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. 

New lines of business or new products and
services may subject us to additional risk. 

From time to time, we may implement new lines of
business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated
with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business
and/or new products and services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development
of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible.
External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the
successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new
product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage
these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse
effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our ability to pay cash dividends is limited,
and we may be unable to pay future dividends even if we desire to do so. 

The Federal Reserve has issued a policy statement
regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the Federal Reserve s policies provide that dividends
should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears
consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The Federal Reserve s policies
also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available
resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial
flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. Further, under
the prompt corrective action regulations, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank
becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital
distributions. 

Statutory and regulatory limitations apply to the
Bank s payment of dividends to the Company. As a South Carolina chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount
of dividends that it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina
state banking regulations to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without obtaining the prior approval
of the S.C. Board. The FDIC also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what in its opinion constitutes
an unsafe or unsound practice in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend under certain circumstances. If the Bank
is not permitted to pay cash dividends to the Company, it is unlikely that we would be able to pay cash dividends on our common stock.
Moreover, holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends only when, and if declared by our board of directors. 

40 

Table of Contents 

Our stock price may be volatile, which could
result in losses to our investors and litigation against us. 

Our stock price has been volatile in the past and
several factors could cause the price to fluctuate substantially in the future. These factors include but are not limited to: actual or
anticipated variations in earnings, changes in analysts recommendations or projections, our announcement of developments related
to our businesses, operations and stock performance of other companies deemed to be peers, new technology used or services offered by
traditional and non-traditional competitors, news reports of trends, irrational exuberance on the part of investors, new federal banking
regulations, and other issues related to the financial services industry. Our stock price may fluctuate significantly in the future, and
these fluctuations may be unrelated to our performance. General market declines or market volatility in the future, especially in the
financial institutions sector, could adversely affect the price of our common stock, and the current market price may not be indicative
of future market prices. Stock price volatility may make it more difficult for you to resell your common stock when you want and at prices
you find attractive. Moreover, in the past, securities class action lawsuits have been instituted against some companies following periods
of volatility in the market price of its securities. We could in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our normal business. 

Future sales of our stock by our shareholders
or the perception that those sales could occur may cause our stock price to decline. 

Although our common stock is listed for trading
on The NASDAQ Global Market, the trading volume in our common stock is lower than that of other larger financial services companies. A
public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace
of willing buyers and sellers of our common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and
general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the relatively low trading volume of our common stock, significant
sales of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that those sales may occur, could cause the trading price of our common
stock to decline or to be lower than it otherwise might be in the absence of those sales or perceptions. 

Economic and other circumstances may require
us to raise capital at times or in amounts that are unfavorable to us. If we have to issue shares of common stock, they will dilute the
percentage ownership interest of existing shareholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common stock and adversely affect
the terms on which we may obtain additional capital. 

We may need to incur additional debt or equity
financing in the future to make strategic acquisitions or investments or to strengthen our capital position. Our ability to raise additional
capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control
and our financial performance. We cannot provide assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all,
or if we do raise additional capital that it will not be dilutive to existing shareholders. 

If we determine, for any reason, that we need to
raise capital, subject to applicable NASDAQ rules, our board generally has the authority, without action by or vote of the shareholders,
to issue all or part of any authorized but unissued shares of stock for any corporate purpose, including issuance of equity-based incentives
under or outside of our equity compensation plans. Additionally, we are not restricted from issuing additional common stock or preferred
stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock or
preferred stock or any substantially similar securities. The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by us
of a large number of shares of common stock or preferred stock or similar securities in the market or from the perception that such sales
could occur. If we issue preferred stock that has a preference over the common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, or if we issue preferred stock with voting rights that dilute the voting power of the common stock,
the rights of holders of the common stock or the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected. Any issuance of additional
shares of stock will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our shareholders and may dilute the book value per share of our common
stock. Shares we issue in connection with any such offering will increase the total number of shares and may dilute the economic and voting
ownership interest of our existing shareholders. 

Provisions of our articles of incorporation
and bylaws, South Carolina law, and state and federal banking regulations, could delay or prevent a takeover by a third party. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws could
delay, defer, or prevent a third party takeover, despite possible benefit to the shareholders, or otherwise adversely affect the price
of our common stock. Our governing documents: 

authorize a class of preferred stock that may
be issued in series with terms, including voting rights, established by the board of directors without shareholder approval; 

authorize 10,000,000 shares of common stock and
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock that may be issued by the board of directors without shareholder approval; 

classify our board with staggered three year terms,
preventing a change in a majority of the board at any annual meeting; 

41 

Table of Contents 

require advance notice of proposed nominations
for election to the board of directors and business to be conducted at a shareholder meeting; 

grant the board of directors the discretion, when
considering whether a proposed merger or similar transaction is in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders, to take into
account the effect of the transaction on the employees, clients and suppliers of the Company and upon the communities in which offices
of the Company are located, to the extent permitted by South Carolina law; 

provide that the number of directors shall be
fixed from time to time by resolution adopted by a majority of the directors then in office, but may not consist of fewer than five nor
more than 25 members; and 

provide that no individual who is or becomes a
 business competitor or who is or becomes affiliated with, employed by, or a representative of any individual, corporation,
or other entity which the board of directors, after having such matter formally brought to its attention, determines to be in competition
with us or any of our subsidiaries (any such individual, corporation, or other entity being a business competitor shall be
eligible to serve as a director if the board of directors determines that it would not be in our best interests for such individual to
serve as a director (any financial institution having branches or affiliates within Greenville County, South Carolina is presumed to be
a business competitor unless the board of directors determines otherwise). 

In addition, the South Carolina business combinations
statute provides that a 10 or greater shareholder of a resident domestic corporation cannot engage in a business combination 
(as defined in the statute) with such corporation for a period of two years following the date on which the 10 shareholder became such,
unless the business combination or the acquisition of shares is approved by a majority of the disinterested members of such corporation s
board of directors before the 10 shareholder s share acquisition date. This statute further provides that at no time (even after the
two-year period subsequent to such share acquisition date) may the 10 shareholder engage in a business combination with the relevant
corporation unless certain approvals of the board of directors or disinterested shareholders are obtained or unless the consideration
given in the combination meets certain minimum standards set forth in the statute. The law is very broad in its scope and is designed
to inhibit unfriendly acquisitions but it does not apply to corporations whose articles of incorporation contain a provision electing
not to be covered by the law. Our articles of incorporation do not contain such a provision. An amendment of our articles of incorporation
to that effect would, however, permit a business combination with an interested shareholder even though that status was obtained prior
to the amendment. 

Finally, the Change in Bank Control Act and the
BHCA generally require filings and approvals prior to certain transactions that would result in a party acquiring control of the Company
or the Bank. 

Our common stock is not an insured deposit
and is not guaranteed by the FDIC. 

Shares of our common stock are not a bank deposit
and, therefore, losses in value are not insured by the FDIC, any other deposit insurance fund or by any other public or private entity.
Investment in shares of our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described herein and our shareholders will bear the risk
of loss if the value or market price of our common stock is adversely affected. 

General Risk Factors 

We may be subject to claims and litigation
asserting lender liability. 

From time to time, clients and others make claims
and take legal action pertaining to our performance of fiduciary responsibilities. These claims are often referred to as lender
liability claims and are sometimes brought in an effort to produce or increase leverage against us in workout negotiations or debt
collection proceedings. Lender liability claims frequently assert one or more of the following allegations: breach of fiduciary duties,
fraud, economic duress, breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and similar claims. Whether
customer claims and legal action related to the performance of our responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal
actions are not resolved in a favorable manner, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect our market
reputation, products and services, as well as potentially affecting customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability
or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

From time to time we are, or may become,
involved in suits, legal proceedings, information-gatherings, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies
that may lead to adverse consequences. 

Many aspects of the banking business involve a
substantial risk of legal liability. From time to time, we are, or may become, the subject of information-gathering requests, reviews,
investigations and proceedings, and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank regulatory agencies, self-regulatory agencies,
the SEC and law enforcement authorities. The results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including
monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgements, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way we conduct our business or reputational
harm. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our principal executive offices and the Bank s
main office is located at 6 Verdae Boulevard, Greenville, South Carolina 29607. In addition, we currently operate seven additional offices
located in Greenville, Columbia, Summerville and Charleston, South Carolina, one office in Raleigh, North Carolina, one office in Greensboro,
North Carolina, one office in Charlotte, North Carolina, and one office in Atlanta, Georgia. We lease seven of our offices and own the
remaining five locations. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we consolidated our three Columbia, South Carolina locations into one and
subsequently sold the two remaining offices. Management believes the terms of the various leases are consistent with market standards
and were arrived at through arm s-length bargaining. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

In the ordinary course of operations, we may be
a party to various legal proceedings from time to time. We do not believe that there is any pending or threatened proceeding against us,
which, if determined adversely, would have a material effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related
Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information and Holders of Record 

Our common stock is currently traded on the NASDAQ
Global Market under the symbol SFST. We had approximately 3,200 shareholders of record on January 17, 2023. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any cash dividends
on our common stock since our inception. For the foreseeable future, we do not intend to declare cash dividends. We intend to retain earnings
to grow our business and strengthen our capital base. Our ability to pay cash dividends depends primarily on the ability of our subsidiary,
the Bank to pay dividends to us. As a South Carolina chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limitations on the amount of dividends that
it is permitted to pay. Unless otherwise instructed by the S.C. Board, the Bank is generally permitted under South Carolina state banking
regulations to pay cash dividends of up to 100 of net income in any calendar year without obtaining the prior approval of the S.C. Board.
The FDIC also has the authority under federal law to enjoin a bank from engaging in what in its opinion constitutes an unsafe or unsound
practice in conducting its business, including the payment of a dividend under certain circumstances. 

43 

Table of Contents 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table sets forth information regarding
equity compensation plans approved by security holders at December 31, 2022. We had no equity compensation plans that were not approved
by security holders at December 31, 2022. The number of shares and the exercise prices for options have been adjusted for the 10 stock
dividends in 2006, 2011, 2012, and 2013. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
warrants and rights 
(b)(2) 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
future issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (c) (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
column(a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2010 Stock Incentive Plan options (1) 
 124,427 
 25.33 
 - 
 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan options (1) 
 294,922 
 37.61 
 - 
 
 2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 7,875 
 52.88 
 370,824 
 
 Total 
 427,224 
 34.32 
 370,824 

(1) Under
 the terms of the 2010 and 2016 Plans no further incentive stock option awards may be granted;
 however, the Plans will remain in effect until all awards have been exercised or forfeited
 and we determine to terminate the Plans. 

(2) The
 weighted-average exercise prices in this column are based on outstanding options and do not
 take into account unvested awards of restricted stock as these awards do not have an exercise
 price. 

44 

Table of Contents 

Stock Performance Graph 

The performance graph below compares the Company s
cumulative total return over the most recent five-year period with the SNL Southeast Bank Index, a banking industry performance index
for the southeastern United States, and the Russell 2000 Index, a small-cap stock market index which the Company was added to in June
2016. Returns are shown on a total return basis, assuming the reinvestment of dividends and a beginning stock index value of 100 per
share. The following performance graph does not constitute soliciting material and should
not be deemed filed or incorporated by reference into any other Company filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate the performance graphs by reference therein. 

Period Ending 

12/31/2017 
 12/31/2018 
 12/31/2019 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2022 
 
 Southern First Bancshares 
 100.00 
 77.75 
 103.01 
 85.70 
 151.49 
 110.91 
 
 S P US BMI Banks Southeast Bank Index 
 100.00 
 82.62 
 116.45 
 104.41 
 149.13 
 121.30 
 
 Russell 2000 Index 
 100.00 
 88.99 
 111.70 
 134.00 
 153.85 
 122.41 

45 

Table of Contents 

Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

None 

Stock Repurchases 

On June 21, 2022, the Company announced a share
repurchase plan allowing us to repurchase up to 399,026 shares of our common stock (the Repurchase Plan ). As of December
31, 2022, we have not repurchased any of the shares authorized for repurchase under the Repurchase Plan. The Company is not obligated
to purchase any such shares under the Repurchase Plan, and the Repurchase Plan may be discontinued, suspended or restarted at any time;
however, repurchases under the Repurchase Plan after December 31, 2022 will require additional approval of our Board of Directors and
the Federal Reserve. 

The following table reflects share repurchase activity
during the fourth quarter of 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total 
Number of 
 Shares (or 
Units) 
 Purchased 
 (b) Average 
Price Paid per 
Share (or Unit) 
 (c) Total 
Number of 
 Shares (or 
Units) 
 Purchased as 
Part of Publicly 
 Announced 
Plans or 
 Programs 
 (d) Maximum 
Number (or 
 Approximate 
Dollar Value) of 
 Shares (or 
Units) that May 
 Yet Be 
 Purchased 
Under the Plans 
or Programs 

October 1 October 31 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 399,026 
 
 November 1 November 30 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 399,026 
 
 December 1 December 31 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 399,026 
 
 Total 
 - 
 
 - 
 399,026 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

46 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis identifies
significant factors that have affected our financial position and operating results during the periods included in the accompanying financial
statements. We encourage you to read this discussion and analysis in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes and
the other statistical information also included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

OVERVIEW 

Our business model continues
to be client-focused, utilizing relationship teams to provide our clients with a specific banker contact and support team responsible
for all of their banking needs. The purpose of this structure is to provide a consistent and superior level of professional service, and
we believe it provides us with a distinct competitive advantage. We consider exceptional client service to be a critical part of our culture,
which we refer to as ClientFIRST. 

At December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 3.69
billion, a 26.2 increase from total assets of 2.93 billion at December 31, 2021. The largest components of our total assets are loans
which were 3.27 billion and 2.49 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our liabilities and shareholders equity
at December 31, 2022 totaled 3.40 billion and 294.5 million, respectively, compared to liabilities of 2.65 billion and shareholders 
equity of 277.9 million at December 31, 2021. The principal component of our liabilities is deposits which were 3.13 billion and 2.56
billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Like most community banks, we derive the majority
of our income from interest received on our loans and investments. Our primary source of funds for making these loans and investments
is our deposits, on which we pay interest. Consequently, one of the key measures of our success is our amount of net interest income,
or the difference between the income on our interest-earning assets, such as loans and investments, and the expense on our interest-bearing
liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. Another key measure is the difference between the yield we earn on these interest-earning
assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities, which is called our net interest spread. In addition to earning interest
on our loans and investments, we earn income through fees and other charges to our clients. 

Our net income available to common shareholders
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 29.1 million and 46.7 million, or diluted earnings per share EPS of 3.61 and 5.85 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in net income resulted primarily from an
increase in our provision for credit losses, a decrease in noninterest income and an increase in noninterest expenses, partially offset
by an increase in net interest income. In addition, our net income available to shareholders was 18.3 million, or EPS of 2.34 for the
year ended December 31, 2020. 

47 

Table of Contents 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

The following table sets forth our selected historical
consolidated financial information for the periods and as of the dates indicated. We derived our balance sheet and income statement data
for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 from our audited consolidated financial statements. You should read this information
together with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our audited
consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto, which are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 BALANCE SHEET DATA 

Total assets 
 3,691,981 
 2,925,548 
 2,482,587 
 
 Investment securities 
 104,180 
 124,302 
 98,364 
 
 Loans (1) 
 3,273,363 
 2,489,877 
 2,142,867 
 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 38,639 
 30,408 
 44,149 
 
 Deposits 
 3,133,864 
 2,563,826 
 2,142,758 
 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 175,000 
 - 
 25,000 
 
 Subordinated debentures 
 36,214 
 36,106 
 35,998 
 
 Common equity 
 294,512 
 277,901 
 228,294 
 
 Preferred stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Shareholders equity 
 294,512 
 277,901 
 228,294 
 
 SELECTED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS DATA 

Interest income 
 117,662 
 93,167 
 94,818 
 
 Interest expense 
 20,041 
 5,435 
 15,008 
 
 Net interest income 
 97,621 
 87,732 
 79,810 
 
 Provision for credit losses 
 6,155 
 (12,400 
 29,600 
 
 Net interest income after provision for credit losses 
 91,466 
 100,132 
 50,210 
 
 Noninterest income 
 9,580 
 17,101 
 27,353 
 
 Noninterest expenses 
 62,933 
 56,430 
 53,744 
 
 Income before income tax expense 
 38,113 
 60,803 
 23,819 
 
 Income tax expense 
 8,998 
 14,092 
 5,491 
 
 Net income 
 29,115 
 46,711 
 18,328 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net income available to common shareholders 
 29,115 
 46,711 
 18,328 
 
 PER COMMON SHARE DATA 

Basic 
 3.66 
 5.96 
 2.37 
 
 Diluted 
 3.61 
 5.85 
 2.34 
 
 Book value 
 36.76 
 35.07 
 29.37 
 
 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic, in thousands 
 7,958 
 7,844 
 7,719 
 
 Diluted, in thousands 
 8,072 
 7,989 
 7,824 
 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL RATIOS 

Performance Ratios: 

Return on average assets 
 0.90 
 1.75 
 0.76 
 
 Return on average equity 
 10.20 
 18.64 
 8.49 
 
 Return on average common equity 
 10.20 
 18.64 
 8.49 
 
 Net interest margin, tax equivalent (2) 
 3.19 
 3.45 
 3.55 
 
 Efficiency ratio (3) 
 58.71 
 53.83 
 50.15 
 
 Asset Quality Ratios: 

Nonperforming assets to total loans (1) 
 0.08 
 0.20 
 0.43 
 
 Nonperforming assets to total assets 
 0.07 
 0.17 
 0.37 
 
 Net charge-offs to average total loans 
 (0.05 
 0.06 
 0.10 
 
 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 
 1,470.74 
 625.16 
 547.14 
 
 Allowance for credit losses to total loans 
 1.18 
 1.22 
 2.06 
 
 Holding Company Capital Ratios: 

Total risk-based capital ratio 
 12.91 
 14.90 
 14.38 
 
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 
 10.88 
 12.65 
 11.97 
 
 Leverage ratio 
 9.17 
 10.19 
 9.70 
 
 Common equity tier 1 ratio (4) 
 10.44 
 12.09 
 11.32 
 
 Tangible common equity (5) 
 7.98 
 9.50 
 9.20 
 
 Growth Ratios: 

Change in assets 
 26.20 
 17.84 
 9.50 
 
 Change in loans 
 31.47 
 16.19 
 10.26 
 
 Change in deposits 
 22.23 
 19.65 
 14.21 
 
 Change in net income to common shareholders 
 -37.67 
 154.86 
 -34.21 
 
 Change in earnings per common share - diluted 
 -38.29 
 150.00 
 -34.64 

48 

Table of Contents 

Footnotes to table: 

(1) 
 Excludes loans held for sale. 
 
 (2) 
 The tax-equivalent adjustment to net interest income adjusts the yield for assets earning tax-exempt income to a comparable yield on a taxable basis. 
 
 (3) 
 Noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
 
 (4) 
 The common equity tier 1 ratio is calculated as the sum of common equity divided by risk-weighted assets. 
 
 (5) 
 The common equity ratio is calculated as total equity less preferred stock divided by total assets. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

We have adopted various accounting policies that
govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. and with general practices within the banking industry
in the preparation of our financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements as of December 31, 2022. 

Certain accounting policies inherently involve
a greater reliance on the use of estimates, assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that
could be materially different than originally reported, which could have a material impact on the carrying values of our assets and liabilities
and our results of operations. We consider these accounting policies and estimates to be critical accounting policies. We have identified
the determination of the allowance for credit losses, the fair valuation of financial instruments and income taxes to be the accounting
areas that require the most subjective or complex judgments and, as such, could be most subject to revision as new or additional information
becomes available or circumstances change, including overall changes in the economic climate and/or market interest rates. Therefore,
management has reviewed and approved these critical accounting policies and estimates and has discussed these policies with the Company s
Audit Committee. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit
losses ACL is management s current estimate of expected credit losses that will result from the inability of our
borrowers to make required loan payments, with particular applicability on our balance sheet to loans and unfunded loan commitments. Estimating
the amount of the ACL requires significant judgment and the use of estimates related to historical experience, current conditions, reasonable
and supportable forecasts, and the value of collateral on collateral-dependent loans. Credit losses are charged against the allowance,
while recoveries of amounts previously charged off are credited to the allowance. A provision for credit losses is charged to operations
based on management s periodic evaluation of the factors previously mentioned, as well as other pertinent factors. 

There are many factors
affecting the ACL; some are quantitative while others require qualitative judgment. Although management believes its process for determining
the allowance adequately considers all the potential factors that could potentially result in credit losses, the process includes subjective
elements and is susceptible to significant change. To the extent actual outcomes are worse than management estimates, additional provision
for credit losses could be required that could adversely affect our earnings or financial position in future periods. 

See Note 1 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies and Activities for further detailed descriptions of our estimation process and methodology related
to the ACL. See also Note 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses and Provision for Credit Losses in this MD A. 

Fair Valuation of Financial Instruments 

Certain assets and liabilities are measured at
fair value on a recurring basis, including securities and derivative instruments. Assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently
include subjectivity and may require the use of significant assumptions, adjustments and judgment including, among others, discount rates,
rates of return on assets, cash flows, default rates, loss rates, terminal values and liquidation values. A significant change in assumptions
may result in a significant change in fair value, which in turn, may result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility and could
result in significant impact on our results of operations, financial condition or disclosures of fair value information. 

The fair value hierarchy
requires use of observable inputs first and subsequently unobservable inputs when observable inputs are not available. Our fair value
measurements involve various valuation techniques and models, which involve inputs that are observable (Level 1 or Level 2 in fair value
hierarchy), when available. The level of judgment required to determine fair value is dependent on the methods or techniques used in the
process. Assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value using quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) do not require significant
judgment while the valuation of assets and liabilities when quoted market prices are not available (Levels 2 and 3) may require significant 

49 

Table of Contents 

judgment to assess whether observable or unobservable inputs for those assets and liabilities provide reasonable determination of fair
value. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding the fair values measured at each level
of the fair value hierarchy, additional discussion regarding fair value measurements, and a brief description of how fair value is determined
for categories that have unobservable inputs. 

Income Taxes 

The financial statements have been prepared on
the accrual basis. When income and expenses are recognized in different periods for financial reporting purposes versus for the purposes
of computing income taxes currently payable, deferred taxes are provided on such temporary differences. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the consolidated financial statements or
tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be realized or settled. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Net Interest Income and Margin 

Our level of net interest income is determined
by the level of earning assets and the management of our net interest margin. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our
net interest income was 97.6 million, 87.7 million, and 79.8 million, respectively. The 9.9 million, or 11.3 , increase in net interest
income during 2022, compared to 2021, was driven by a 525.0 million increase in average earning assets, partially offset by a 401.0
million increase in our average interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in average earning assets was primarily related to an increase
in average loans, while the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in interest-bearing deposits.
During 2021, our net interest income increased 7.9 million, or 9.9 , compared to 2020, while average interest-earning assets increased
 249.1 million and average interest-bearing liabilities increased 69.7 million. 

Interest income for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021, and 2020 was 117.7 million, 93.2 million, and 94.8 million, respectively. A significant portion of our interest income
relates to our strategy to maintain a large portion of our assets in higher earning loans compared to lower yielding investments and federal
funds sold. As such, 97.1 of our interest income related to interest on loans during 2022, compared to 98.3 during 2021 and 98.2 during
2020. Also, included in interest income on loans was 1.7 million related to the net amortization of loan fees and capitalized loan origination
costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

Interest expense was 20.0 million, 5.4 million,
and 15.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest expense on deposits for 2022 represented
90.3 of total interest expense, compared to 71.9 for 2021, and 87.0 for 2020, while interest expense on borrowings represented 9.7 
of total interest expense for 2022, compared to 28.1 for 2021, and 13.0 for 2020. The increase in interest expense on deposits during
2022 resulted from an increase in the rate paid on deposit balances which relates to the Federal Reserve s 425 basis point increase
in the federal funds rate. 

We have included a number of tables to assist in
our description of various measures of our financial performance. For example, the Average Balances, Income and Expenses, Yields
and Rates table shows the average balance of each category of our assets and liabilities as well as the yield we earned or the
rate we paid with respect to each category during 2022, 2021, and 2022. Similarly, the Rate/Volume Analysis table demonstrates
the effect of changing interest rates and changing volume of assets and liabilities on our financial condition during the periods shown.
We also track the sensitivity of our various categories of assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates, and we have included tables
to illustrate our interest rate sensitivity with respect to interest-earning and interest-bearing accounts. 

The following table sets forth information related
to our average balance sheet, average yields on assets, and average costs of liabilities at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. We derived
these yields or costs by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. We derived average
balances from the daily balances throughout the periods indicated. During the same periods, we had no securities purchased with agreements
to resell. All investments were owned at an original maturity of over one year. Nonaccrual loans are included in earning assets in the
following tables. Loan yields have been reduced to reflect the negative impact on our earnings of loans on nonaccrual status. The net
of capitalized loan costs and fees are amortized into interest income on loans. 

50 

Table of Contents 

Average Balances, Income and Expenses, Yields and
Rates 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 Average
 Balance 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 Average
 Balance 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 Average
 Balance 
 Income/ 
 Expense 
 Yield/ 
 Rate 
 
 Interest-earning
 assets 

Federal funds
 sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks 
 88,077 
 1,439 
 1.63 
 123,379 
 233 
 0.19 
 105,344 
 270 
 0.26 
 
 Investment securities, taxable 
 97,328 
 1,793 
 1.84 
 92,812 
 1,110 
 1.20 
 74,517 
 1,253 
 1.68 
 
 Investment
 securities, nontaxable (1) 
 10,604 
 256 
 2.41 
 11,331 
 292 
 2.58 
 6,262 
 210 
 3.36 
 
 Loans
 (2) 
 2,870,733 
 114,233 
 3.98 
 2,314,257 
 91,599 
 3.96 
 2,106,569 
 93,133 
 4.42 
 
 Total earning assets 
 3,066,742 
 117,721 
 3.84 
 2,541,779 
 93,234 
 3.67 
 2,292,692 
 94,866 
 4.14 
 
 Nonearning
 assets 
 157,380 

126,654 

103,212 

Total
 assets 
 3,224,122 

2,668,433 

2,395,904 

Interest-bearing
 liabilities 

NOW accounts 
 374,956 
 816 
 0.22 
 306,669 
 204 
 0.07 
 255,514 
 352 
 0.14 
 
 Savings money market 
 1,364,961 
 13,138 
 0.96 
 1,176,820 
 2,454 
 0.21 
 1,003,339 
 7,513 
 0.75 
 
 Time
 deposits 
 301,793 
 4,148 
 1.37 
 176,301 
 1,251 
 0.71 
 301,078 
 5,190 
 1.72 
 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 2,041,710 
 18,102 
 0.89 
 1,659,790 
 3,909 
 0.24 
 1,559,931 
 13,055 
 0.84 
 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 19,614 
 209 
 1.07 
 704 
 11 
 1.56 
 30,990 
 338 
 1.09 
 
 Subordinated
 debt 
 36,156 
 1,730 
 4.78 
 36,049 
 1,515 
 4.20 
 35,940 
 1,615 
 4.49 
 
 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 2,097,498 
 20,041 
 0.96 
 1,696,543 
 5,435 
 0.32 
 1,626,861 
 15,008 
 0.92 
 
 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 
 841,233 

721,267 

553,098 

Shareholders 
 equity 
 285,409 

250,623 

215,945 

Total
 liabilities and shareholders equity 
 3,224,122 

2,668,433 

2,395,904 

Net interest spread 

2.88 

3.35 

3.22 
 
 Net interest income(tax equivalent)/margin 
 
 97,680 
 3.19 
 
 87,799 
 3.45 
 
 79,858 
 3.48 
 
 Less:
 tax-equivalent adjustment (1) 
 
 (59 

(67 

(48 

Net
 interest income 
 
 97,621 

87,732 

79,810 

(1) The tax-equivalent adjustment to net interest income adjusts
the yield for assets earning tax-exempt income to a comparable yield on a taxable basis. 

(2) Includes loans held for sale and nonaccrual loans. 

Our net interest margin,
on a tax-equivalent basis (TE), was 3.19 , 3.45 and 3.48 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our net
interest margin (TE) decreased 26 basis points in 2022, compared to 2021, due to higher costs on our interest-bearing liabilities, partially
offset by an increase in yield on our interest- earning assets. During 2021, our net interest margin decreased three basis points, compared
to 2020, due to the growth in average interest-earning assets at reduced yields being greater than the growth in interest-bearing liabilities
which were also at reduced rates. 

Our average interest-earning assets increased by
 525.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2021, while the related yield on our interest-earning assets increased
by 17 basis points. The increase in average interest-earning assets was driven by a 556.5 million increase in average loan balances,
partially offset by a 35.3 million decrease in federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks. In addition, the increase
in yield on our interest earning assets was driven by a 144 basis point increase in the yield on our federal funds sold and other interest-bearing
deposits which repriced as the Federal Reserve increased the federal funds rate by 425 basis points during 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, our average
interest-earning assets increased by 249.1 million, compared to 2020, while the yield on our interest-earning assets decreased by 47
basis points. The increase in average interest-earning assets was driven primarily by a 207.7 million increase in average loan balances
combined with an 18.0 million increase in federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks. In addition, the reduction in
yield on our interest earning assets was driven by a 46 basis point decrease in loan yield as our loan portfolio was impacted by the Federal
Reserve s aggregate 225 basis point interest rate reduction from July 2019 to March 2020. 

Our average interest-bearing liabilities increased
by 401.0 million during 2022 while the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities increased by 64 basis points. The increase in average
interest-bearing liabilities was driven primarily by a 381.9 million increase in average interest-bearing deposits at an average rate
of 0.89 . During 2021, our average interest-bearing liabilities increased by 69.7 million, compared to 2020, while the cost of our interest-bearing
liabilities decreased by 60 basis points. 

Our net interest spread
was 2.88 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 3.35 for the same period in 2021 and 3.22 for 2020. The net interest spread
is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the rate we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. The
64 basis point increase in the cost of our interest-bearing 

51 

Table of Contents 

liabilities, partially offset by a 17 basis point increase in yield on our
interest-earning assets resulted in a 47 basis point decrease in our net interest spread for the 2022 period. We anticipate continued
pressure on our net interest spread and net interest margin in future periods as our deposits continue to reprice immediately with increases
in the fed funds rate, compared to our loan portfolio which reprices as loans are originated or renewed. 

Rate/Volume Analysis 

Net interest income can be analyzed in terms of
the impact of changing interest rates and changing volume. The following tables set forth the effect which the varying levels of interest-earning
assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the applicable rates have had on changes in net interest income for the periods presented. 

Years Ended 

December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 
 December 31, 2021 vs. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in 
 Increase (Decrease) Due to Change in 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Rate/ Volume 
 Total 
 Volume 
 Rate 
 Rate/ Volume 
 Total 
 
 Interest income 

Loans 
 22,025 
 491 
 118 
 22,634 
 9,182 
 (9,754 
 (962 
 (1,534 
 
 Investment securities 
 49 
 585 
 21 
 655 
 409 
 (380 
 (109 
 (80 
 
 Federal funds sold 
 (67 
 1,782 
 (509 
 1,206 
 46 
 (71 
 (12 
 (37 
 
 Total interest income 
 22,007 
 2,858 
 (370 
 24,495 
 9,637 
 (10,205 
 (1,083 
 (1,651 
 
 Interest expense 

Deposits 
 838 
 10,997 
 2,358 
 14,193 
 6,455 
 (10,439 
 (5,162 
 (9,146 
 
 FHLB advances and other borrowings 
 294 
 (3 
 (94 
 197 
 (330 
 146 
 (143 
 (327 
 
 Subordinated debt 
 4 
 211 
 1 
 216 
 5 
 (105 
 - 
 (100 
 
 Total interest expense 
 1,136 
 11,205 
 2,265 
 14,606 
 6,130 
 (10,398 
 (5,305 
 (9,573 
 
 Net interest income 
 20,871 
 (8,347 
 (2,635 
 9,889 
 3,507 
 193 
 4,222 
 7,922 

Net interest income, the largest component of our
income, was 97.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a 9.9 million increase from net interest income of 87.7 million for
the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net interest income was driven by a 24.5 million increase in interest income, partially
offset by a 14.6 million increase in interest expense. The 556.5 million increase in average loan balances was the primary driver of
the increase in interest income, while the 65 basis point increase in deposit costs drove the increase in interest expense. 

Net interest income was 87.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a 7.9 million increase from net interest income of 79.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase
in net interest income was driven by a 9.6 million decrease in interest expense, partially offset by a 1.7 million decrease in interest
income. Reduced rates on our interest-bearing liabilities was the primary driver of the decrease in interest expense which was partially
offset by a 69.7 million increase in the average balance of those liabilities. Interest income decreased 1.7 million driven by a decrease
in rates on interest earning assets. 

Provision for Credit Losses 

The provision for credit losses, which includes
a provision for losses on unfunded commitments, is a charge to earnings to maintain the allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded
commitments at levels consistent with management s assessment of expected losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date.
On January 1, 2022, we adopted the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) methodology for estimating credit losses, which resulted in an
increase of 1.5 million in our allowance for credit losses and an increase of 2.0 million in our reserve for unfunded commitments. The
tax-effected impact of these two items amounted to 2.8 million and was recorded as an adjustment to our retained earnings as of January
1, 2022. We review the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on a quarterly basis. Please see the discussion below under Results
of Operations Allowance for Credit Losses for a description of the factors we consider in determining the amount of the
provision we expense each period to maintain this allowance. 

There was a 6.2 million provision for credit losses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to reversal of 12.4 million and an expense of 29.6 million for the years ended December
31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 6.2 million provision during 2022, which included a 780,000 provision for unfunded commitments,
was driven primarily by 783.5 million in loan growth during the year, combined with a 259.6 million increase in unfunded commitments.
In addition, to loan growth, the provision for credit losses was impacted by slightly lower expected loss rates due to historically low
charge-offs during the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 while minor adjustments to two internal qualitative factors increased the qualitative
component of the allowance and related provision expense. The 12.4 million reversal of 

52 

Table of Contents 

provision during 2021 related to a reduction in
qualitative adjustment factors driven by the overall improvement in economic conditions as well as improvement in the credit quality of
our portfolio following the pandemic. The 29.6 million provision recorded during 2020 was driven by an increase to our qualitative environmental
factors related to the uncertain economic and business conditions arising from the pandemic at both the national and regional levels. 

Following is a summary of the activity in the allowance
for credit losses. 

December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Balance, beginning of period 
 30,408 
 44,149 
 16,642 
 
 Adjustment for CECL 
 1,500 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 
 5,375 
 (12,400 
 29,600 
 
 Loan charge-offs 
 (485 
 (2,166 
 (3,414 
 
 Loan recoveries 
 1,841 
 825 
 1,321 
 
 Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries 
 1,356 
 (1,341 
 (2,093 
 
 Balance, end of period 
 38,639 
 30,408 
 44,149 

As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit
losses totaled 38.6 million, or 1.18 of gross loans. In comparison, the allowance for credit losses totaled 30.4 million as of December
31, 2021, or 1.22 of gross loans, and 44.1 million as of December 31, 2020, or 2.06 of gross loans. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had
net recoveries of 1.4 million, consisting of 1.8 million of recoveries on loans previously charged-off, partially offset by 485 thousand
of loans charged-off in the current year. In addition, nonperforming assets decreased to 0.07 of total assets while our level of classified
assets decreased to 4.72 at December 31, 2022. 

We reported net charge-offs of 1.3 million and
 2.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, including recoveries of 825,000 and 1.3 million in 2021 and
2020, respectively. The net charge-offs of 1.3 million and 2.1 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, represented 0.06 and 0.10 
of the average outstanding loan portfolios for 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Noninterest Income 

The following table sets forth information related
to our noninterest income. 

Year ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Mortgage banking income 
 4,198 
 11,376 
 19,785 
 
 Service fees on deposit accounts 
 782 
 757 
 860 
 
 ATM and debit card income 
 2,225 
 2,092 
 1,741 
 
 Income from bank owned life insurance 
 1,289 
 1,231 
 1,091 
 
 Net lender fees on PPP loan sale 
 - 
 268 
 2,247 
 
 Other income 
 1,086 
 1,377 
 1,629 
 
 Total noninterest income 
 9,580 
 17,101 
 27,353 

Noninterest income was 9.6 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, a 7.5 million, or 44.0 , decrease compared to noninterest income of 17.1 million for the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease in noninterest income during 2022, compared to 2021, resulted primarily from the following: 

Mortgage banking income decreased 7.2 million,
or 63.1 , driven by low inventory in the housing market, lower refinance volumes, and a decrease in margin on loan sales. During 2022,
purchase transactions accounted for approximately 84 of our mortgage volume compared to 40 in 2021 as refinance transactions diminished
due to the higher mortgage rates in the current year. 

Other income decreased due to a loss on disposal
of fixed assets of 439,000 resulting from the disposal of assets from our prior headquarters building. 

Offsetting these decreases in noninterest income
were increases in service fees on deposit accounts and ATM and debit card income due to growth in our client base and transaction volume. 

53 

Table of Contents 

Noninterest income was 17.1 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, a 10.3 million, or 37.5 , decrease compared to noninterest income of 27.4 million for the year ended December
31, 2020. The decrease in noninterest income during 2021, compared to 2020, resulted primarily from the following: 

Mortgage banking income decreased 8.4 million,
or 42.5 , driven by low inventory in the housing market, lower refinance volumes, and a decrease in margin on loan sales. 

Service fees on deposit accounts declined 103,000,
or 12.0 , related primarily to a reduction in Non-sufficient Funds NSF income and lockbox services income. 

Net lender fees on PPP loan sale totaled 2.2
million during the 2020 period due to net fee income on the PPP loans we originated and then sold to a third party during the second quarter
of 2020. 

Offsetting these decreases in noninterest income
was an increase in ATM and debit card income which was driven by additional transaction volume and an increase in bank owned life insurance
as we purchased 7.5 million in additional life insurance. 

Noninterest Expenses 

The following table sets forth information related
to our noninterest expenses. 

Years ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Compensation and benefits 
 38,790 
 36,103 
 34,681 
 
 Occupancy 
 9,105 
 6,956 
 6,232 
 
 Other real estate owned expenses, net 
 - 
 385 
 1,223 
 
 Outside service and data processing costs 
 6,112 
 5,468 
 4,860 
 
 Insurance 
 1,686 
 1,149 
 1,380 
 
 Professional fees 
 2,635 
 2,589 
 2,275 
 
 Marketing 
 1,216 
 905 
 690 
 
 Other 
 3,389 
 2,875 
 2,403 
 
 Total noninterest expenses 
 62,933 
 56,430 
 53,744 

Noninterest expenses were 62.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, a 6.5 million, or 11.5 , increase from noninterest expense of 56.4 million for 2021. 

The increase in total noninterest expenses during
2022, compared to 2021, resulted primarily from the following: 

Compensation and benefits expense increased 2.7
million, or 7.4 , during 2022 relating primarily to a 5.2 million increase in salaries and incentive compensation, partially offset by
a 2.4 million decrease in mortgage commissions paid on sales activity. During 2022, we grew by 15 employees who were hired primarily
to grow our footprint in each of our South Carolina, North Carolina, and Georgia markets. 

Occupancy expenses increased 2.1 million, or
30.9 , driven by increased depreciation, insurance, property taxes and maintenance expenses primarily related to our new headquarters
building. 

Outside service and data processing costs increased
 644,000, or 11.8 , primarily due to increased electronic banking, software licensing costs and ATM card related expenses. 

Insurance expenses increased 537,000, or 46.7 ,
related to higher FDIC insurance premiums. 

Marketing expenses increased 311,000, or 34.4 ,
driven by an increase in community sponsorships and business development. 

Other noninterest expenses increased 514,000,
or 17.9 , due primarily to an increase in travel expenses between our eight markets, deposit account losses, and staff related expenses. 

Partially offsetting the above increases were the
following decreases in noninterest expense: 

Other real estate owned expenses decreased 385,000
due to the sale of one commercial property in 2021. 

Noninterest expenses were 56.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021, a 2.7 million, or 5.0 , increase from noninterest expense of 53.7 million for 2020. 

The increase in total noninterest expenses during
2021, compared to 2020, resulted primarily from the following: 

54 

Table of Contents 

Compensation and benefits expense increased 1.4
million, or 4.1 , during 2021 relating primarily to a 2.5 million increase in salaries and incentive compensation, partially offset by
a 1.3 million decrease in mortgage commissions paid on sales activity. During 2021, we grew by 24 employees, 13 of which were hired to
support growth in our North Carolina offices. 

Occupancy expenses increased 724,000, or 11.6 ,
driven by increased rent expense and depreciation on our new office in Charlotte, North Carolina as well as additional depreciation, insurance,
property taxes and maintenance expenses related to all of our properties. 

Outside service and data processing costs increased
 608,000, or 12.5 , primarily due to increased electronic banking, software licensing costs and ATM card related expenses. 

Professional fees increased 314,000, or 13.8 ,
driven by increased audit, legal and various consulting fees. 

Partially offsetting the above increases were the
following decreases in noninterest expense: 

Other real estate owned expenses decreased 838,000
due to one large valuation adjustment on a commercial property in 2020. 

Insurance expenses decreased 231,000, or 16.7 ,
resulting primarily from reduced FDIC assessments during 2021. 

Our efficiency ratio was 58.7 for 2022 compared
to 53.8 for 2021. The efficiency ratio represents the percentage of one dollar of expense required to be incurred to earn a full dollar
of revenue and is computed by dividing noninterest expense by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. The increase during
the 2022 period relates primarily to the decrease in noninterest income, combined with the increase in noninterest expense compared to
2021. 

Income Taxes 

Income tax expense was 9.0 million, 14.1 million
and 5.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our effective tax rate was 23.6 for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to 23.2 for 2021, and 23.1 for 2020. The increase in the effective rate for the 2022 and 2021 periods is
related to the lesser impact of tax-exempt income and equity compensation transactions that occurred during the respective periods. 

Investment Securities 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our investment securities
portfolio was 104.2 million and 124.3 million, respectively, and represented approximately 2.8 and 4.2 of our total assets, respectively.
Our available for sale investment portfolio included Corporate bonds, US treasuries, US agency securities, SBA securities, state and political
subdivisions, asset-backed securities, and mortgage-backed securities with a fair value of 93.3 million and amortized cost of 110.3
million for an unrealized loss of 17.0 million at December 31, 2022 compared to a fair value of 120.3 million and amortized cost of
 121.2 million for an unrealized loss of 937,000 at December 31, 2021. 

The amortized costs and the fair value of our investments
are as follows. 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 Amortized 
 Fair 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 Cost 
 Value 
 
 Available for Sale 

Corporate bonds 
 2,172 
 1,883 
 2,198 
 2,188 
 - 
 - 
 
 US treasuries 
 999 
 871 
 999 
 992 
 - 
 - 
 
 US government agencies 
 13,007 
 10,617 
 14,504 
 14,169 
 6,500 
 6,493 
 
 SBA securities 
 - 
 - 
 429 
 438 
 504 
 485 
 
 State and political subdivisions 
 22,910 
 18,906 
 24,887 
 25,176 
 18,614 
 19,388 
 
 Asset-backed securities 
 6,435 
 6,229 
 10,136 
 10,164 
 11,587 
 11,529 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 64,800 
 54,841 
 68,065 
 67,154 
 56,229 
 56,834 
 
 Total 
 110,323 
 93,347 
 121,218 
 120,281 
 93,434 
 94,729 

Contractual maturities and yields on our investments
are shown in the following table. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call
or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

55 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 2022 

Less Than One Year 
 One to Five Years 
 Five to Ten Years 
 Over Ten Years 
 Total 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 Amount 
 Yield 
 
 Available for Sale 

Corporate bonds 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 1,883 
 2.00 
 - 
 - 
 1,883 
 2.00 
 
 US treasuries 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 871 
 1.27 
 - 
 - 
 871 
 1.27 
 
 US government agencies 
 - 
 - 
 3,223 
 0.85 
 7,394 
 1.55 
 - 
 - 
 10,617 
 1.34 
 
 State and political subdivisions 
 - 
 - 
 460 
 2.13 
 5,382 
 1.80 
 13,064 
 2.16 
 18,906 
 2.05 
 
 Asset-backed securities 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 554 
 4.77 
 5,675 
 5.14 
 6,229 
 5.10 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities 
 - 
 - 
 4,594 
 1.13 
 3,959 
 1.60 
 46,288 
 1.90 
 54,841 
 1.82 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 8,277 
 1.08 
 20,043 
 1.75 
 65,027 
 2.24 
 93,347 
 2.03 

Other investments are comprised of the following
and are recorded at cost which approximates fair value. 

December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 
 9,250 
 1,241 
 
 Other investments 
 1,180 
 2,377 
 
 Investment in Trust Preferred subsidiaries 
 403 
 403 
 
 Total 
 10,833 
 4,021 

Loans 

Since loans typically provide higher interest yields
than other types of interest-earning assets, a substantial percentage of our earning assets are invested in our loan portfolio. Average
loans for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 2.87 billion and 2.31 billion, respectively. Before allowance for credit losses,
total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3.27 billion and 2.49 billion, respectively. 

The principal component of our loan portfolio is
loans secured by real estate mortgages. As of December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio included 2.78 billion, or 84.8 , of real estate loans,
compared to 2.13 billion, or 85.5 , as of December 31, 2021. Most of our real estate loans are secured by residential or commercial property.
We obtain a security interest in real estate, in addition to any other available collateral, in order to increase the likelihood of the
ultimate repayment of the loan. Generally, we limit the loan-to-value ratio on loans to coincide with the appropriate regulatory guidelines.
We attempt to maintain a relatively diversified loan portfolio to help reduce the risk inherent in concentration in certain types of collateral
and business types. In addition to traditional residential mortgage loans, we issue second mortgage residential real estate loans and
home equity lines of credit. Home equity lines of credit totaled 179.3 million as of December 31, 2022, of which approximately 48 were
in a first lien position, while the remaining balance was second liens, compared to 154.8 million as of December 31, 2021, of which approximately
49 were in first lien positions and the remaining balance was in second liens. The average home equity loan had a balance of approximately
 84,000 and a loan to value of approximately 73 as of December 31, 2022, compared to an average loan balance of 81,000 and a loan to
value of approximately 62 as of December 31, 2021. Further, 0.6 and 1.0 of our total home equity lines of credit were over 30 days
past due as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Following is a summary of our loan composition
for each of the last three years ended December 31, 2022. Of the 783.5 million in loan growth in 2022, 500.0 million of growth was in
commercial related loans, while 283.4 million of growth was in consumer related loans, specifically consumer real estate mortgages which
grew by 236.9 million during 2022. The increase in consumer real estate loans is related to our focus to continue to originate high quality
1-4 family consumer real estate loans. Our average consumer real estate loan currently has a principal balance of 468,000, a term of
22 years, and an average rate of 3.71 . 

56 

Table of Contents 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 of 
Total 
 Amount 
 of 
Total 
 Amount 
 of 
Total 
 
 Commercial 

Owner occupied RE 
 612,901 
 18.7 
 488,965 
 19.6 
 433,320 
 20.2 
 
 Non-owner occupied RE 
 862,579 
 26.3 
 666,833 
 26.8 
 585,269 
 27.3 
 
 Construction 
 109,726 
 3.4 
 64,425 
 2.6 
 61,467 
 2.9 
 
 Business 
 468,112 
 14.3 
 333,049 
 13.4 
 307,599 
 14.4 
 
 Total commercial loans 
 2,053,318 
 62.7 
 1,553,272 
 62.4 
 1,387,655 
 64.8 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 931,278 
 28.4 
 694,401 
 27.9 
 536,311 
 25.0 
 
 Home equity 
 179,300 
 5.5 
 154,839 
 6.2 
 156,957 
 7.3 
 
 Construction 
 80,415 
 2.5 
 59,846 
 2.4 
 40,525 
 1.9 
 
 Other 
 29,052 
 0.9 
 27,519 
 1.1 
 21,419 
 1.0 
 
 Total consumer loans 
 1,220,045 
 37.3 
 936,605 
 37.6 
 755,212 
 35.2 
 
 Total gross loans, net of deferred fees 
 3,273,363 
 100.0 
 2,489,877 
 100.0 
 2,142,867 
 100.0 
 
 Less allowance for credit losses 
 (38,639 
 
 (30,408 
 
 (44,149 

Total loans, net 
 3,234,724 
 
 2,459,469 
 
 2,098,718 

Maturities and Sensitivity of Loans to Changes
in Interest Rates 

The information in the following table is based
on the contractual maturities of individual loans, including loans which may be subject to renewal at their contractual maturity. Renewal
of such loans is subject to review and credit approval, as well as modification of terms upon maturity. Actual repayments of loans may
differ from the maturities reflected below because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations with or without prepayment penalties. 

The following table summarizes the composition
and maturities of the loan portfolio. 

December 31, 2022 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 One year or less 
 After one but within five years 
 After five 
but within 
fifteen years 
 After 
 fifteen years 
 Total 
 
 Commercial 

Owner occupied RE 
 10,574 
 133,017 
 420,881 
 48,429 
 612,901 
 
 Non-owner occupied RE 
 44,570 
 419,976 
 371,208 
 26,825 
 862,579 
 
 Construction 
 5,509 
 36,537 
 61,009 
 6,671 
 109,726 
 
 Business 
 96,157 
 194,489 
 173,259 
 4,207 
 468,112 
 
 Total commercial loans 
 156,810 
 784,019 
 1,026,357 
 86,132 
 2,053,318 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 12,137 
 38,948 
 260,005 
 620,188 
 931,278 
 
 Home equity 
 1,336 
 20,933 
 151,696 
 5,335 
 179,300 
 
 Construction 
 665 
 182 
 23,788 
 55,780 
 80,415 
 
 Other 
 3,926 
 21,890 
 2,458 
 778 
 29,052 
 
 Total consumer loans 
 18,064 
 81,953 
 437,947 
 682,081 
 1,220,045 
 
 Total gross loan, net of deferred fees 
 174,874 
 865,972 
 1,464,304 
 768,213 
 3,273,363 

57 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the loans due after
one year by category. 

Interest Rate 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Fixed 
 Floating or 
Adjustable 
 
 Commercial 

Owner occupied RE 
 598,513 
 3,814 
 
 Non-owner occupied RE 
 742,763 
 75,246 
 
 Construction 
 90,246 
 13,971 
 
 Business 
 298,866 
 73,089 
 
 Total commercial loans 
 1,730,388 
 166,120 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 919,130 
 11 
 
 Home equity 
 14,173 
 163,791 
 
 Construction 
 79,750 
 - 
 
 Other 
 19,113 
 6,013 
 
 Total consumer loans 
 1,032,166 
 169,815 
 
 Total gross loan, net of deferred fees 
 2,762,554 
 335,935 

Nonperforming Assets 

Nonperforming assets include real estate acquired
through foreclosure or deed taken in lieu of foreclosure and loans on nonaccrual status. The following table shows the nonperforming assets
and the related percentage of nonperforming assets to total assets and gross loans for the five years ended December 31, 2022. Generally,
a loan is placed on nonaccrual status when it becomes 90 days past due as to principal or interest, or when we believe, after considering
economic and business conditions and collection efforts, that the borrower s financial condition is such that collection of the
loan is doubtful. A payment of interest on a loan that is classified as nonaccrual is recognized as a reduction in principal when received.
Our policy with respect to nonperforming loans requires the borrower to make a minimum of six consecutive payments in accordance with
the loan terms before that loan can be placed back on accrual status. Further, the borrower must show capacity to continue performing
into the future prior to restoration of accrual status. 

December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Commercial 

Non-owner occupied RE 
 247 
 270 
 1,143 
 
 Construction 
 - 
 - 
 139 
 
 Business 
 182 
 - 
 195 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 207 
 989 
 2,536 
 
 Home equity 
 195 
 653 
 547 
 
 Nonaccruing troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) 
 1,796 
 2,952 
 3,509 
 
 Total nonaccrual loans, including nonaccruing TDRs 
 2,627 
 4,864 
 8,069 
 
 Other real estate owned 
 - 
 - 
 1,169 
 
 Total nonperforming assets 
 2,627 
 4,864 
 9,238 
 
 Asset Quality Ratios: 

Nonperforming assets/total assets 
 0.07 
 0.17 
 0.37 
 
 Nonaccrual loans/gross loans 
 0.08 
 0.20 
 0.38 
 
 Total loans over 90 days past due (1) 
 402 
 554 
 2,296 
 
 Loans over 90 days past due and still accruing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Accruing troubled debt restructurings 
 4,503 
 3,299 
 4,893 

(1) Loans over 90 days are included in nonaccrual loans 

At December 31, 2022, nonperforming assets were
 2.6 million, or 0.07 of total assets and 0.08 of gross loans, compared to 4.9 million, or 0.17 of total assets and 0.20 of gross
loans at December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual loans decreased 2.2 million to 2.6 million at December 31, 2022 from 4.9 million at December
31, 2021. During 2022, we added seven new loans totaling 1.3 million to nonaccrual, while two loans totaling 1.4 million paid off, eight
loans totaling 1.7 million were returned to accruing status and one loan totaling 171,000 was charged off. The amount of foregone 

58 

Table of Contents 

interest
income on the nonaccrual loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 28,000 and 55,000, respectively, for the twelve-month
periods. 

A significant portion, or 93.1 , of nonaccrual
loans at December 31, 2022 were secured by real estate. We have evaluated the underlying collateral on these loans and believe that the
collateral on these loans is sufficient to minimize future losses. As a result of this level of coverage on nonaccrual loans, we believe
the allowance for credit losses of 38.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 is adequate. 

As a general practice, most of our commercial loans
and a portion of our consumer loans are originated with relatively short maturities of less than ten years. As a result, when a loan reaches
its maturity we frequently renew the loan and thus extend its maturity using similar credit standards as those used when the loan was
first originated. Due to these loan practices, we may, at times, renew loans which are classified as nonaccrual after evaluating the loan s
collateral value and financial strength of its guarantors. Nonaccrual loans are renewed at terms generally consistent with the ultimate
source of repayment and rarely at reduced rates. In these cases, we will generally seek additional credit enhancements, such as additional
collateral or additional guarantees to further protect the loan. When a loan is no longer performing in accordance with its stated terms,
we will typically seek performance under the guarantee. 

In addition, approximately 85 of our loans are
collateralized by real estate and approximately 82 of our individually evaluated loans are secured by real estate. We use third party
appraisers to determine the fair value of collateral dependent loans. Our current loan and appraisal policies require us to review individually
evaluated loans at least annually and determine whether it is necessary to obtain an updated appraisal, either through a new external
appraisal or an internal appraisal evaluation. We individually review our individually evaluated loans on a quarterly basis to determine
the level of impairment. As of December 31, 2022, we do not have any individually evaluated loans carried at a value in excess of the
appraised value. We typically charge-off a portion or create a specific reserve for individually evaluated loans when we do not expect
repayment to occur as agreed upon under the original terms of the loan agreement. 

At December 31, 2022, individually evaluated loans
totaled approximately 7.1 million for which 6.8 million of these loans have a reserve of approximately 1.3 million allocated in the
allowance. During 2022, the average recorded investment in individually evaluated loans was approximately 7.6 million. At December 31,
2021, impaired loans totaled approximately 8.2 million for which 2.9 million of these loans had a reserve of approximately 836,000
allocated in the allowance. During 2021, the average recorded investment in impaired loans was approximately 12.5 million. 

We consider a loan to
be a TDR when the debtor experiences financial difficulties and we provide concessions such that we will not collect all principal and
interest in accordance with the original terms of the loan agreement. Concessions can relate to the contractual interest rate, maturity
date, or payment structure of the note. As part of our workout plan for individual loan relationships, we may restructure loan terms to
assist borrowers facing challenges in the current economic environment. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had 6.3 million in loans
that we considered TDRs. As permitted by the CARES Act, we do not consider loan modifications to borrowers affected by COVID-19 to be
TDRs unless the borrower was 30 days or more past due as of December 31, 2019, (ii) the modifications were related to COVID-19, and (iii)
the modification occurred between March 1, 2020 and January 1, 2022. See Notes 1 and 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information on TDRs. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
allowance for credit losses was 38.6 million and 30.4 million, respectively, or 1.18 and 1.22 of outstanding loans, respectively.
The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of our outstanding loan portfolio decreased from the prior year primarily to historically
low loan charge-offs which factors into the expected loss rate on our current loan portfolio. In addition, the credit quality of our loan
portfolio improved with our nonperforming assets decreasing to 0.07 compared to 0.17 , as a percentage of total assets, at December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. However, our classified assets decreased to 4.72 of capital as of December 31, 2022, compared to 12.6 of
capital as of December 31, 2021 due to the five hotel loans that were downgraded during the first quarter of 2021. See Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more information on our allowance for credit losses. 

The negative provision during 2021 was driven by
a reduction in qualitative adjustment factors related to the overall improvement in economic conditions at both the national and regional
levels as well as improvement in the credit quality of our loan portfolio. 

59 

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the net charge-off
detail as a percentage of average loans by loan composition for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 
 
 Amount 

Net charge-offs: 

Commercial 

Owner occupied RE 
 - 
 - 
 94 
 0.00 
 (29 
 0.00 
 
 Non-owner occupied RE 
 1,540 
 0.05 
 (573 
 0.03 
 (838 
 0.04 
 
 Business 
 153 
 0.01 
 (943 
 0.04 
 (839 
 0.04 
 
 Total commercial 
 1,693 
 0.06 
 (1,422 
 0.06 
 (1,706 
 0.08 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 - 
 0.00 
 18 
 0.00 
 (116 
 0.01 
 
 Home equity 
 (247 
 0.01 
 62 
 0.00 
 (230 
 0.01 
 
 Other 
 (90 
 0.00 
 1 
 0.00 
 (41 
 0.00 
 
 Total consumer 
 (337 
 0.00 
 81 
 0.00 
 (387 
 0.02 
 
 Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries 
 1,356 
 
 (1,341 
 
 (2,093 

Net loan (charge-offs) recoveries as a of average loans 
 
 (0.05 
 
 0.06 
 
 0.10 

The following
table summarizes the allocation of the allowance for credit losses among the various loan categories. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 (1) 
 Amount 
 (1) 
 
 Commercial 

Owner occupied RE 
 5,867 
 18.7 
 4,754 
 19.6 
 
 Non-owner occupied RE 
 10,376 
 26.3 
 10,518 
 26.8 
 
 Construction 
 1,292 
 3.4 
 625 
 2.6 
 
 Business 
 7,861 
 14.3 
 4,861 
 13.4 
 
 Total commercial 
 25,396 
 62.7 
 20,758 
 62.4 
 
 Consumer 

Real estate 
 9,487 
 28.4 
 7,054 
 27.9 
 
 Home equity 
 2,551 
 5.5 
 1,698 
 6.2 
 
 Construction 
 893 
 2.5 
 578 
 2.4 
 
 Other 
 312 
 0.9 
 320 
 1.1 
 
 Total consumer 
 13,243 
 37.3 
 9,650 
 37.6 
 
 Total allowance for credit losses 
 38,639 
 100.0 
 30,408 
 100.0 

(1) Percentage of
loans in each category to total loans 

Deposits and Other Interest-Bearing Liabilities 

Our primary source of funds for loans and investments
is our deposits and advances from the FHLB. In the past, we have chosen to obtain a portion of our certificates of deposits from areas
outside of our market in order to obtain longer term deposits than are readily available in our local market. Our internal guidelines
regarding the use of brokered CDs limit our brokered CDs to 20 of total deposits. In addition, we do not obtain time deposits of 100,000
or more through the Internet. These guidelines allow us to take advantage of the attractive terms that wholesale funding can offer while
mitigating the related inherent risk. 

Our retail deposits represented 2.90 billion,
or 92.5 of total deposits at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021, retail deposits represented 2.56 billion, or 100.0 of our total
deposits at December 31, 2021. Brokered deposits were 236.2 million, representing 7.5 of our total deposits at December 31, 2022. Our
loan-to-deposit ratio was 104 , 97 , and 100 at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

60 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the average balance
amounts and the average rates paid on deposits held by us. 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 Amount 
 Rate 
 
 Noninterest
 bearing demand deposits 
 788,960 
 - 
 671,223 
 - 
 513,576 
 - 
 
 Interest
 bearing demand deposits 
 374,956 
 0.22 
 306,669 
 0.07 
 255,514 
 0.14 
 
 Money
 market accounts 
 1,323,487 
 0.99 
 1,143,904 
 0.21 
 981,226 
 0.76 
 
 Savings
 accounts 
 41,474 
 0.05 
 32,916 
 0.05 
 22,113 
 0.05 
 
 Time
 deposits less than 250,000 
 81,664 
 1.17 
 78,487 
 0.80 
 110,170 
 0.33 
 
 Time
 deposits greater than 250,000 
 220,192 
 1.45 
 97,814 
 0.59 
 190,908 
 1.83 
 
 Total
 deposits 
 2,830,733 
 0.64 
 2,331,013 
 0.17 
 2,073,507 
 0.57 

During the 12 months ended December 31, 2022,
our average transaction account balances increased by 374.2 million, or 17.4 , while our average time deposit balances increased by 125.6
million, or 71.2 . Core deposits exclude out-of-market deposits and time deposits of 250,000 or more and provide a relatively stable
funding source for our loan portfolio and other earning assets. Our core deposits were 2.76 billion, 2.48 billion, and 2.01 billion
at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

All of our time deposits are certificates of deposits.
The maturity distribution of our time deposits of 250,000 or more is as follows: 

December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Three months or less 
 235,216 
 35,151 
 
 Over three through six months 
 76,778 
 13,746 
 
 Over six through twelve months 
 35,681 
 20,521 
 
 Over twelve months 
 27,076 
 14,995 
 
 Total 
 374,751 
 84,413 

Time deposits that meet or exceed the FDIC insurance
limit of 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were 374.8 million and 84.4 million, respectively, including wholesale
deposits. 

At December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company estimates that it has approximately 1.4 billion and 1.2 billion, respectively, in uninsured deposits including
related interest accrued and unpaid. Since it is not reasonably practicable to provide a precise measure of uninsured deposits, the amounts
above are estimates and are based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for the bank s regulatory reporting requirements
by the FDIC for the Call Report. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity represents the ability of a company
to convert assets into cash or cash equivalents without significant loss, and the ability to raise additional funds by increasing liabilities.
Liquidity management involves monitoring our sources and uses of funds in order to meet our day-to-day cash flow requirements while maximizing
profits. Liquidity management is made more complicated because different balance sheet components are subject to varying degrees of management
control. For example, the timing of maturities of our investment portfolio is fairly predictable and subject to a high degree of control
at the time investment decisions are made. However, net deposit inflows and outflows are far less predictable and are not subject to the
same degree of control. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash and cash
equivalents amounted to 170.9 million and 167.2 million, or 4.6 and 5.7 of total assets, respectively. Our investment securities at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 104.2 million and 124.3 million, or 2.8 and 4.2 of total assets, respectively. Investment securities
traditionally provide a secondary source of liquidity since they can be converted into cash in a timely manner. 

Our ability to maintain and expand our deposit
base and borrowing capabilities serves as our primary source of liquidity. We plan to meet our future cash needs through the liquidation
of temporary investments, the generation of deposits, and from additional borrowings. In addition, we will receive cash upon the maturity
and sale of loans and the maturity of investment securities. We maintain five federal funds purchased lines of credit with correspondent
banks totaling 118.5 million to meet short-term liquidity needs. There were no borrowings against the lines at December 31, 2022. 

61 

Table of Contents 

We are also a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, from
which applications for borrowings can be made. The FHLB requires that securities, qualifying mortgage loans, and stock of the FHLB owned
by the Bank be pledged to secure any advances from the FHLB. The unused borrowing capacity currently available from the FHLB at December
31, 2022 was 515.8 million, based on the Bank s 9.3 million investment in FHLB stock, as well as qualifying mortgages available
to secure any future borrowings. However, we are able to pledge additional securities to the FHLB in order to increase our available borrowing
capacity. In addition, at December 31, 2022 we had 341.5 million of letters of credit outstanding with the FHLB to secure client deposits. 

We also have a line of credit with another financial
institution for 15.0 million, which was unused at December 31, 2022. The line of credit was renewed on December 21, 2021 at an interest
rate of One Month CME Term SOFR plus 3.5 and a maturity date of December 20, 2023. 

We believe that our existing stable base of core
deposits, federal funds purchased lines of credit with correspondent banks, and borrowings from the FHLB will enable us to successfully
meet our long-term liquidity needs. However, as short-term liquidity needs arise, we have the ability to sell a portion of our investment
securities portfolio should we be required to meet those needs. 

Total shareholders equity was 294.5 million
at December 31, 2022 and 277.9 million at December 31, 2021. The 16.6 million increase during 2022 is due primarily to net income to
common shareholders of 29.1 million, stock option exercises and expenses of 2.9 million and 12.7 million loss in other comprehensive
income. We also recorded a 2.8 million adjustment for the adoption of ASU 2016-13. 

The following table shows the return on average
assets (net income divided by average total assets), return on average equity (net income divided by average equity), equity to assets
ratio (average equity divided by average assets), and tangible common equity ratio (total equity less preferred stock divided by total
assets) for the three years ended December 31, 2022. Since our inception, we have not paid cash dividends. 

December
 31, 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Return on average
 assets 
 0.90 
 1.75 
 0.76 
 
 Return on average equity 
 10.20 
 18.64 
 8.49 
 
 Return on average common equity 
 10.20 
 18.64 
 8.49 
 
 Average equity to average assets
 ratio 
 8.85 
 9.39 
 9.01 
 
 Tangible common equity to assets
 ratio 
 7.98 
 9.50 
 9.20 

Under the capital adequacy guidelines, regulatory
capital is classified into two tiers. These guidelines require an institution to maintain a certain level of Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital
to risk-weighted assets. Tier 1 capital consists of common shareholders equity, excluding the unrealized gain or loss on securities
available for sale, minus certain intangible assets. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets, all assets, including certain
off-balance sheet assets, are multiplied by a risk-weight factor of 0 to 100 based on the risks believed to be inherent in the type
of asset. Tier 2 capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus the general reserve for credit losses, subject to certain limitations. We are
also required to maintain capital at a minimum level based on total average assets, which is known as the Tier 1 leverage ratio. 

Regulatory capital rules, which we refer to Basel
III, impose minimum capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks. The Basel III rules apply to all national and state banks
and savings associations regardless of size and bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies other than small
bank holding companies, generally holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion. In order to avoid restrictions
on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments to executives, a covered banking organization must maintain a capital
conservation buffer on top of our minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer must consist solely of common equity Tier
1, but the buffer applies to all three measurements (common equity Tier 1, Tier 1 capital and total capital). The capital conservation
buffer consists of an additional amount of CET1 equal to 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. 

To be considered well-capitalized 
for purposes of certain rules and prompt corrective action requirements, the Bank must maintain a minimum total risked-based capital ratio
of at least 10 , a total Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8 , a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 6.5 , and a leverage ratio
of at least 5 . As of December 31, 2022, our capital ratios exceed these ratios and we remain well capitalized. 

The following table summarizes the capital amounts
and ratios of the Bank and the regulatory minimum requirements. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for ratios of the
Company. 

62 

Table of Contents 

Actual 
 For
 capital adequacy purposes minimum (1) 
 To be well capitalized under prompt corrective action provisions minimum 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 
 Amount 
 Ratio 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 

Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 366,988 
 12.45 
 235,892 
 8.00 
 294,865 
 10.00 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 330,108 
 11.20 
 176,919 
 6.00 
 235,892 
 8.00 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk weighted assets) 
 330,108 
 11.20 
 132,689 
 4.50 
 191,662 
 6.50 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 
 330,108 
 9.43 
 140,040 
 4.00 
 175,050 
 5.00 

As of December 31, 2021 

Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 331,052 
 14.36 
 184,418 
 8.00 
 230,522 
 10.00 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 302,217 
 13.11 
 138,313 
 6.00 
 184,418 
 8.00 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk weighted assets) 
 302,217 
 13.11 
 103,735 
 4.50 
 149,839 
 6.50 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 
 302,217 
 10.55 
 114,537 
 4.00 
 143,172 
 5.00 

As of December 31, 2020 

Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 279,414 
 13.92 
 160,554 
 8.00 
 200,693 
 10.00 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 
 254,092 
 12.66 
 120,416 
 6.00 
 160,554 
 8.00 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk weighted assets) 
 254,092 
 12.66 
 90,312 
 4.50 
 130,451 
 6.50 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 
 254,092 
 10.26 
 99,094 
 4.00 
 123,867 
 5.00 

(1) Ratios
 do not include the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 . 

On September
30, 2019, the Company sold and issued 23.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 4.75 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes
due 2029 to eligible purchasers in a private offering. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the offering, which were approximately
 22.5 million, for general corporate purposes, including providing capital to the Bank and supporting organic growth. The Notes rank junior
in right to payment to the Company s current and future senior indebtedness. The Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital
for regulatory capital purposes for the Company. 

The ability
of the Company to pay cash dividends is dependent upon receiving cash in the form of dividends from the Bank. The dividends that may be
paid by the Bank to the Company are subject to legal limitations and regulatory capital requirements. 

Effect of
Inflation and Changing Prices 

The effect of relative purchasing power over time
due to inflation has not been taken into account in our consolidated financial statements. Rather, our financial statements have been
prepared on an historical cost basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Unlike most industrial companies, our assets and
liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. Therefore, the effect of changes in interest rates will have a more significant impact on
our performance than will the effect of changing prices and inflation in general. In addition, interest rates may generally increase as
the rate of inflation increases, although not necessarily in the same magnitude. As discussed previously, we seek to manage the relationships
between interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to protect against wide rate fluctuations, including those resulting from inflation. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Risk 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to
lend to a client as long as the client has not violated any material condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have
fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require the payment of a fee. At December 31, 2022, unfunded commitments
to extend credit were approximately 878.3 million, of which 318.9 million were at fixed rates and 559.4 million were at variable rates.
At December 31, 2021, unfunded commitments to extend credit were 618.7 million, of which approximately 205.4 million were at fixed
rates and 413.3 million were at variable rates. A majority of the unfunded commitments related to commercial business lines of credit
and home equity lines of credit. Based on historical experience, we anticipate that a significant portion of these lines of credit will
not be funded. We evaluate each client s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed
necessary by us upon extension of credit, is based on our credit evaluation of the 

63 

Table of Contents 

borrower. The type of collateral varies but may include
accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and commercial and residential real estate. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 14.3
million and 10.2 million of commitments under letters of credit, respectively. The credit risk and collateral involved in issuing letters
of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to clients. Since most of the letters of credit are expected
to expire without being drawn upon, they do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 

Except as disclosed in this Annual Report, we
are not involved in off-balance sheet contractual relationships, unconsolidated related entities that have off-balance sheet arrangements
or transactions that could result in liquidity needs or other commitments that significantly impact earnings. 

Market Risk
and Interest Rate Sensitivity 

Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes
in market prices and rates, which principally arises from interest rate risk inherent in our lending, investing, deposit gathering, and
borrowing activities. Other types of market risks, such as foreign currency exchange rate risk and commodity price risk, do not generally
arise in the normal course of our business. 

We actively monitor and manage our interest rate
risk exposure to seek to control the mix and maturities of our assets and liabilities utilizing a process we call asset/liability management.
The essential purposes of asset/liability management are to seek to ensure adequate liquidity and to maintain an appropriate balance between
interest sensitive assets and liabilities in order to minimize potentially adverse impacts on earnings from changes in market interest
rates. Our asset/liability management committee ALCO monitors and considers methods of managing exposure to interest rate
risk. We have both an internal ALCO consisting of senior management that meets at various times during each month and a board ALCO that
meets monthly. The ALCOs are responsible for maintaining the level of interest rate sensitivity of our interest sensitive assets and liabilities
within board-approved limits. 

As of December 31, 2022, the following table summarizes
the forecasted impact on net interest income using a base case scenario given upward and downward movements in interest rates of 100,
200, and 300 basis points based on forecasted assumptions of prepayment speeds, nominal interest rates and loan and deposit repricing
rates. Estimates are based on current economic conditions, historical interest rate cycles and other factors deemed to be relevant. However,
underlying assumptions may be impacted in future periods which were not known to management at the time of the issuance of the Consolidated
Financial Statements. Therefore, management s assumptions may or may not prove valid. No assurance can be given that changing economic
conditions and other relevant factors impacting our net interest income will not cause actual occurrences to differ from underlying assumptions.
In addition, this analysis does not consider any strategic changes to our balance sheet which management may consider as a result of
changes in market conditions. 

Interest rate scenario 
 Change in net interest 
 income from base 
 
 Up 300 basis points 
 (16.59 
 
 Up 200 basis points 
 (11.00 
 
 Up 100 basis points 
 (5.50 
 
 Base 
 - 
 
 Down 100 basis points 
 9.88 
 
 Down 200 basis points 
 19.29 
 
 Down 300 basis points 
 23.19 

Contractual Obligations 

We have commitments with various investment partners
under the Small Business Investment Company SBIC and the Rural Business Investment Company RBIC programs
for which we have committed to make capital contributions from time to time. As of December 31, 2022, 1.7 million remained outstanding
under these commitments. 

We utilize a variety of short-term and long-term
borrowings to supplement our supply of lendable funds, to assist in meeting deposit withdrawal requirements, and to fund growth of interest-earning
assets in excess of traditional deposit growth. Certificates of deposit, structured repurchase agreements, FHLB advances, and subordinated
debentures serve as our primary sources of such funds. 

Obligations under noncancelable operating lease
agreements are payable over several years with the longest obligation expiring in 2032. We do not feel that any existing noncancelable
operating lease agreements are likely to materially impact 

64 

Table of Contents 

our financial condition or results of operations in an adverse way. Contractual
obligations relative to these agreements are noted in the table below. Option periods that we have not yet exercised are not included
in this analysis as they do not represent contractual obligations until exercised. 

The following table provides payments due by period
for obligations under long-term borrowings and operating lease obligations as of December 31, 2022. 

December
 31, 2022 

Payments
 Due by Period 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 Within 
 One Year 
 Over
 One to Two Years 
 Over
 Two to Three Years 
 Over
 Three to Four Years 
 After 
 Five Years 
 Total 
 
 Certificates
 of deposit 
 420,049 
 39,786 
 4,683 
 110 
 - 
 464,628 
 
 Subordinated
 debentures 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,214 
 36,214 
 
 Operating
 lease obligations 
 2,016 
 2,068 
 2,124 
 2,177 
 24,437 
 32,822 
 
 Total 
 422,065 
 41,854 
 6,807 
 2,287 
 60,651 
 533,664 

Accounting, Reporting, and Regulatory Matters 

See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies and Activities in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion on the effects of recently issued
accounting pronouncements. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk 

See Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity and Liquidity and
Capital Resources. 

65 

Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Management of Southern First Bancshares, Inc.
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. The Company s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Company s assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of the Company s management
and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material impact on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with
the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in 2013. Based on this evaluation under the
COSO criteria, management concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

The effectiveness of the internal control structure
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Elliott Davis, LLC, an independent registered public accounting
firm, as stated in their report included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

/s/ R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 
 /s/ Michael D. Dowling 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 

66 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (PCAOB ID 149) 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited Southern First Bancshares, Inc.
and Subsidiary s (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity, and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company and our report dated February 13, 2023 expressed an
unqualified opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting
is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and
that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Elliott Davis, LLC 

Greenville, South Carolina 

February 13, 2023 

67 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm (PCAOB ID 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated February
13, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Change in Accounting Principle 

As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements,
the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2022 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting
Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASC 326). The Company adopted
the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be
reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. The adoption of the new credit loss standard
and its subsequent application is also communicated as a critical audit matter below. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks
of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits
also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 

As described in Note 4 to the Company s
financial statements, the Company has a gross loan portfolio of 3.3 billion and related allowance for credit losses of 38.6 million
as of December 31, 2022. As described by the Company in Note 1, the Company calculates lifetime probability of default and loss given
default rates based on historical loss experience, which is used to calculate expected losses based on the pool s loss rate and
the age of loans in the pool. Management also considers further adjustments to historical loss information for current conditions and
reasonable and supportable 

68 

Table of Contents 

forecasts that differ from the conditions that
exist for the period over which historical information is evaluated as well as other changes in qualitative factors not inherently considered
in the quantitative analyses. The qualitative categories and the measurements used to quantify the risks within each of these categories
are subjectively selected by management but measured by objective measurements period over period. The data for each measurement may be
obtained from internal or external sources. These adjustments are based upon quarterly trend assessments in certain economic factors as
well as associate retention and turnover, portfolio concentrations, and growth characteristics. 

We identified the Company s estimate of
the allowance for credit losses as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of the allowance for credit
losses as a critical audit matter related to the high degree of subjectivity in the Company s judgments in determining the qualitative
factors. Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions by the Company involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature
and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: 

We
tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the Company s determination of the allowance for credit losses,
including controls over qualitative factors. 

We
evaluated the relevance and the reasonableness of assumptions related to evaluation of the loan portfolio, current and forecasted economic
conditions, and other risk factors used in development of the qualitative factors. 

We
evaluated the reasonableness of assumptions and data used by the Company in developing the qualitative factors by comparing these data
points to internally developed and third-party sources, and other audit evidence gathered. 

/s/ 

We have served as
the Company s auditor since 1999. 

February 13, 2023 

69 

Table of Contents 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

Cash and due from banks 

Federal funds sold 

Interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

Investment securities: 

Investment securities available for sale 

Other investments 

Total investment securities 

Mortgage loans held for sale 

Loans 

Less allowance for credit losses 

Loans, net 

Bank owned life insurance 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES 

Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings 
 
 -

Subordinated debentures 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Nonvested restricted stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements that
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

70 

Table of Contents 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Interest
 income 

Loans 

Investment securities 

Federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits with banks 

Total interest income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

Net interest income after provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Mortgage banking income 

Service fees on deposit accounts 

ATM and debit card income 

Income from bank owned life insurance 

Net lender fees on PPP loan sale 
 -

Other income 

Total noninterest income 

Noninterest expenses 

Compensation and benefits 

Occupancy 

Other real estate owned expenses, net 
 -

Outside service and data processing costs 

Insurance 

Professional fees 

Marketing 

Other 

Total noninterest expenses 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements that
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

71 

Table of Contents 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale: 

Unrealized holding gain (loss) arising during the period, pretax 

Tax (expense) benefit 

Reclassification of realized (gain) loss 

Tax expense 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive income 

See notes to consolidated
financial statements that are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

72 

Table of Contents 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

Accumulated 

other 

Nonvested 
 Additional 
 comprehensive 

Common
 stock 
 Preferred
 stock 
 restricted 
 paid-in 
 income 
 Retained 

(dollars
 in thousands, except share data) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 stock 
 capital 
 (loss) 
 Earnings 
 Total 
 
 December
 31, 2019 

- 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Compensation
 expense related to restricted stock, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Compensation
 expense related to stock options, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

December
 31, 2020 

- 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Compensation
 expense related to restricted stock, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Compensation
 expense related to stock options, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

December
 31, 2021 

- 
 - 

Adoption
 of ASU 2016-13 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net of forfeitures 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 Compensation
 expense related to restricted stock, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Compensation
 expense related to stock options, net of tax 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Other
 comprehensive loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

December
 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

See notes to consolidated financial statements that
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

73 

Table of Contents 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the years ended December 31, 
 
 (dollars
 in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating
 activities 

Net income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses 

Depreciation and other amortization 

Accretion and amortization of securities discounts and premiums, net 

Write-down of real estate owned 
 -
 
 -

Loss on sale of other real estate owned 
 -

- 
 
 (Gain) loss on sale of investment securities available for sale 

(Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets 

Net change in operating leases 

Compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock grants 

Gain on sale of loans held for sale 

Loans originated and held for sale 

Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale 

Increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 

(Increase) decrease in deferred tax asset 

(Increase) decrease in other assets, net 

Increase (decrease) in other liabilities, net 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing
 activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash realized from: 

Increase in loans, net 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of investment securities: 

Available for sale 

Other investments 

Proceeds from maturities, calls and repayments of investment securities: 

Available for sale 

Other investments 

Proceeds from sale of investment securities available for sale 
 
 -
 
 -

Purchase of bank owned life insurance policies 
 -

- 
 
 Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 
 -

- 
 
 Net
 cash used for investing activities 

Financing activities 

Increase
 (decrease) in cash realized from: 

Increase in deposits, net 

Increase (decrease) in Federal Home Loan Bank advances and other borrowings 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental
 information 

Cash
 paid for 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Schedule
 of non-cash transactions 

Foreclosure of other real estate 
 -

Unrealized gain (loss) on securities, net of income taxes 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating
 leases 

See notes to consolidated financial statements that
are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

74 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, of total loans. However,
borrowers ability to repay their loans is not dependent upon any specific economic sector. 

75 

Table of Contents 

million holding company line of credit with another bank which could be used to support capital
ratios at the subsidiary bank. As of December 31, 2022, the million line was unused. 

million and million, respectively, on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank. 

76 

Table of Contents 

77 

Table of Contents 

78 

Table of Contents 

79 

Table of Contents 

million and an increase in the reserve for unfunded loan commitments of million, which is recorded within
other liabilities. The adoption of CECL had an insignificant impact on the Company s investment securities portfolio. The Company recorded
a net decrease to retained earnings of million as of January 1, 2022 for the cumulative effect of adopting CECL, which reflects
the transition adjustments noted above, net of the applicable deferred tax assets recorded. Federal banking regulatory agencies provided
optional relief to delay the adverse regulatory capital impact of CECL at adoption. The Company did not elect to use this optional relief. 

at December 31, 2022 and was excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 

80 

Table of Contents 

81 

Table of Contents 

million at December 31, 2022 and was reported in accrued interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheets.
The Company elected not to measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivable and instead elected to reverse interest
income on loans or securities that are placed on nonaccrual status, which is generally when the instrument is 90 days past due, or earlier
if the Company believes the collection of interest is doubtful. The Company has concluded that this policy results in the timely reversal
of uncollectable interest. 

82 

Table of Contents 

- 

US treasuries 
 
 - 

US government
 agencies 
 
 - 

State
 and political subdivisions 
 
 - 

Asset-backed
 securities 
 
 - 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 

FHLMC 
 
 - 

FNMA 
 
 - 

GNMA 
 
 - 

Total
 mortgage-backed securities 
 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

- 

US treasuries 
 
 - 

US government
 agencies 

SBA securities 

- 

State
 and political subdivisions 

Asset-backed
 securities 

Mortgage-backed
 securities 

FHLMC 

FNMA 

GNMA 

Total
 mortgage-backed securities 

Total 

million
of investment securities were either sold or called, subsequently resulting in a gross gain on sale of investment securities of 
and a gross loss on sale of investment securities of . During 2021, approximately of investment securities were either
sold or called, resulting in a gross gain on sale of investment securities of and a gross loss on sale of investment securities
of . During 2020, approximately million of investment securities were either sold or called, resulting in a gross gain on sale
of investment securities of and a gross loss on sale of investment securities of . 

83 

Table of Contents 

Due after one through five years 

Due after five through ten years 

Due after ten years 

-
 
 -

US treasuries 
 
 -
 
 -

US government agencies 
 
 -
 
 -

State and political subdivisions 

Asset-backed 

Mortgage-backed 

FHLMC 

FNMA 

GNMA 

- 
 -
 
 -

US treasuries 

- 
 -
 
 -

US government agencies 

State and political subdivisions 

Asset-backed 

Mortgage-backed 

FHLMC 

FNMA 

GNMA 

individual investments that were in an unrealized loss position. The unrealized losses were primarily attributable to changes in interest
rates, rather than deterioration in credit quality. The individual securities are each investment grade securities. The Company considers
factors such as the financial condition of the issuer including credit ratings and specific events affecting the operations of the issuer,
volatility of the security, underlying assets that collateralize the debt security, and other industry and macroeconomic conditions. The
Company does not intend to sell these securities, and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these securities
before recovery of the amortized cost. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Other nonmarketable investments 

Investment in Trust Preferred subsidiaries 

Total other investments 

million compared to million at December 31, 2021. 

of total loans at December 31, 2022. Commercial loans comprise 
of total real estate loans and consumer loans account for . Commercial real estate loans are further categorized into owner occupied
which represents of total loans and non-owner occupied loans which represents . Commercial construction loans represent only
 of the total loan portfolio. 

85 

Table of Contents 

of certain loans under a new program titled the Paycheck Protection Program and also provides for forgiveness of up to the
full principal amount of qualifying loans guaranteed under the PPP. 

loans under the PPP for a total of
 million, receiving SBA lender fee income of million. As the regulations and guidance for PPP loans and the forgiveness process
continued to change and evolve, management recognized the operational risk and complexity associated with this portfolio and decided to
pursue the sale of the PPP loan portfolio to a third party better suited to support and serve our PPP clients through the loan forgiveness
process. The loan sale allowed our team to focus on serving our clients and proactively monitoring and addressing credit risk brought
on by the pandemic. On June 26, 2020, we completed the sale of our PPP loan portfolio to The Loan Source Inc., together with its servicing
partner, ACAP SME LLC, and immediately recognized SBA lender fee income of million, net of sale and processing costs, which is included
in other noninterest income in the consolidated financial statements. 

during the three months ended June 30, 2021 from The Loan Source Inc. for PPP loans they originated to our clients. 

million and million
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Non-owner occupied RE 

Construction 

Business 

Total commercial loans 

Consumer 

Real estate 

Home equity 

Construction 

Other 

Total consumer loans 

Total gross loans, net of deferred fees 

Less allowance for credit losses 

Total loans, net 

86 

Table of Contents 

Fixed rate loans 

billion of the Company s mortgage loans were pledged as collateral for advances from the FHLB, as set forth in Note 10. 

87 

Table of Contents 

-
 
 -

Watch 

-

-
 
 -

Special Mention 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Total Owner occupied RE 

-
 
 -

Non-owner occupied RE 

Pass 

Watch 

-

-
 
 -

Special Mention 
 -

-

-

-
 
 -

Substandard 
 -

-

-
 
 -

Total Non-owner occupied RE 

Construction 

Pass 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Watch 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Special Mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Construction 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 

Pass 

Watch 

Special Mention 

-

Substandard 
 
 -

-

Total Business 

Total Commercial loans 

Consumer 

Real estate 

Pass 

-
 
 -

Watch 

-
 
 -

Special Mention 

-
 
 -

Substandard 
 -

-
 
 -

Total Real estate 

-
 
 -

Home equity 

Pass 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Watch 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Special Mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Total Home equity 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Construction 

Pass 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Watch 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Special Mention 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Substandard 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total Construction 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 

Pass 

-

Watch 

-

Special Mention 
 
 -
 
 -

-

Substandard 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Total Other 

-

Total Consumer loans 

-

Total loans 

88 

Table of Contents 

Special mention 

-

-

Substandard 

-

-

Total loans 

Non-owner occupied RE 

-

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 

-

Consumer 

Real estate 
 
 - 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total loans 

- 

Non-owner occupied RE 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer 

Real estate 
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 

-

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total loans 

-

and of the Company s total loan portfolio,
respectively. Commercial loans 30 days or more past due were and of the Company s total loan portfolio as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Consumer loans 30 days or more past due were and of total loans as of December
31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

89 

Table of Contents 

Nonaccruing TDRs 

Total nonaccrual loans, including nonaccruing TDRs 

Other real estate owned 
 -
 
 -

Total nonperforming assets 

Nonperforming assets as a percentage of: 

Total assets 

Gross loans 

Total loans over 90 days past due 

Loans over 90 days past due and still accruing 
 -
 
 -

Accruing troubled debt restructurings 

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 
 -

-

Total commercial 

Consumer 

Real estate 
 -

Home equity 

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total consumer 

Total 

and approximately for the same period in 2021. 

90 

Table of Contents 

-
 
 -

Non-owner occupied RE 

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 

-

Total commercial 

Consumer 

Real estate 

Home equity 

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 

-

Total consumer 

Total 

Non-owner occupied RE 

Construction 
 
 - 

Business 

Total commercial 

Consumer 

Real estate 

Home equity 

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 

Total consumer 

Total 

91 

Table of Contents 

million in our
allowance for credit losses. The million provision for credit losses for the 12 months ended December 31, 2022 was driven primarily
by million in loan growth for the year. In addition to loan growth, the provision for credit losses was impacted by slightly lower
expected loss rates due to historically low charge-offs during 2022, while minor adjustments to two internal qualitative factors increased
the qualitative component of the allowance and related provision expense. 

Adjustment for CECL 

Provision for credit losses 

Loan charge-offs 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Loan recoveries 
 -

-

-

-

Net loan recoveries (charge-offs) 
 -

-

-

-

Balance, end of period 

Net recoveries to average loans (annualized) 

Allowance for credit losses to gross loans 

Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 

Provision for credit losses 

Loan charge-offs 
 -

-

-

-

Loan recoveries 

-

-

Net loan recoveries (charge-offs) 

-

-

Balance, end of period 

Provision for credit losses 

Loan charge-offs 

-

-

Loan recoveries 

-

-

Net loan recoveries (charge-offs) 

- 

-

Balance, end of period 

92 

Table of Contents 

Provision 

Loan charge-offs 

Loan recoveries 

Net loan charge-offs 

Balance, end of period 

Collectively evaluated 

Total 

-
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Business 
 
 -
 
 -

Total commercial 
 
 -
 
 -

Consumer 

Real estate 
 
 -
 
 -

Home equity 
 
 -
 
 -

Construction 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Total consumer 
 
 -
 
 -

Total 
 
 -
 
 -

million at December 31, 2022 and is separately classified on the balance sheet within other liabilities. Prior
to the adoption of CECL, the Company s reserve for unfunded 

93 

Table of Contents 

Provision for credit losses 

Balance, end of period 

Unfunded Loan Commitments 

Reserve for Unfunded Commitments to Unfunded Loan Commitments 

million with a specific allowance for credit losses of million. At December 31,
2021 we had 14 loans totaling million which we considered as TDRs. The Company considers a loan to be a TDR when the debtor experiences
financial difficulties and the Company grants a concession to the debtor that it would not normally consider. Concessions can relate to
the contractual interest rate, maturity date, or payment structure of the note. As part of our workout plan for individual loan relationships,
we may restructure loan terms to assist borrowers facing challenges in the current economic environment. 

, and there were two commercial business loans with a pre-modification and post-modification balance totaling 
million. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, there were two consumer real estate loans with a pre-modification balance of 
and a post-modification balance of , and there was one consumer home equity loan with a pre-modification and post-modification
balance of that were renewed and considered TDRs at the time of renewal. 

Buildings 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and equipment 

Software 

Construction in process 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, excluding ROU assets 

ROU assets 

Total property and equipment	 

loss for
the twelve months ended December 31, 

94 

Table of Contents 

in the transaction. The loss and gain are reported in other noninterest income on the consolidated statements
of income. Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively.
Depreciation and amortization are charged to operations utilizing a straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
The estimated useful lives for the principal items follow: 

Furniture and equipment 
 to 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 to 
 
 Buildings 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The
Company had lease liabilities, included in other liabilities, of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
We maintain operating leases on land and buildings for various office spaces. The lease agreements have maturity dates ranging from April
2025 to February 2032, some of which include options for multiple five-year extensions. The weighted average remaining life of the lease
term for these leases was years and years as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The ROU asset and lease
liability are recognized at lease commencement by calculating the present value of lease payments over the lease term. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted lease payments 

Discount effect of cash flows 

Total lease liability 

95 

Table of Contents 

Additions 
 -

Sales 
 -

Write-downs, net 
 -
 
 -

Balance, end of year 
 -
 
 -

Interest bearing: 

NOW accounts 

Money market accounts 

Savings 

Time deposits 

Total deposits 

million and million, respectively. 

million deposits in brokered deposits, or deposits that were obtained outside the Company s primary market, while at
December 31, 2021 the Company had no brokered deposits. Interest expense on time deposits greater than 250,000 was million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

million FHLB Advance at a variable rate of , while at December 31, 2021 the Company had no FHLB Advances outstanding. The
FHLB advance was secured with approximately billion of mortgage loans and million of stock in the FHLB at December 31, 2022
and matures on . 

million floating rate trust preferred securities with a maturity
of . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate was and is indexed to the 3-month LIBOR rate plus and adjusted
quarterly. The Company received from the Trust the million proceeds from the issuance of the securities and the initial
proceeds from the capital investment in the Trust, and accordingly has shown the funds due to the Trust as million junior subordinated
debentures. 

96 

Table of Contents 

million floating rate trust preferred securities with a maturity of . At December 31, 2022, the interest rate was and is indexed to the 3-month LIBOR rate plus and adjusted quarterly.
The Company received from the Trust the million proceeds from the issuance of the securities and the initial proceeds from
the capital investment in the Trust, and accordingly has shown the funds due to the Trust as million junior subordinated debentures. 

million in aggregate
principal amount of its Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the Notes ). The Notes were offered and
sold by the Company to eligible purchasers in a private offering in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and the provisions of Regulation D promulgated thereunder
(the Private Placement ). 

-year term and,
from and including the date of issuance to but excluding September 30, 2024, will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , payable
semi-annually in arrears, for the first five of the term. From and including September 30, 2024 to but excluding the maturity date
or early redemption date, the interest rate shall reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected
to be Three-Month Term SOFR) plus 340.8 basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. As provided in the Notes, the interest rate on the
Notes during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than Three-Month Term SOFR. 

million which were unused at December 31, 2022. The lines of credit
are available on a one to 14 day basis for general corporate purposes of the Company. The lender has reserved the right to withdraw the
line at their option. The Company has an additional line of credit with the FHLB to borrow funds, subject to a pledge of qualified collateral.
The Company has collateral that would support approximately million in additional borrowings with the FHLB at December 31, 2022. 

million with another financial institution which was unused at December 31, 2022. The line bears interest
at One Month CME Term SOFR plus and maturing on December 20, 2023. The loan agreement contains various financial covenants related
to capital, earnings and asset quality.	 

97 

Table of Contents 

MBS forward sales commitments 

Total derivative financial instruments 

MBS forward sales commitments 

Total derivative financial instruments 

98 

Table of Contents 

99 

Table of Contents 

-

US treasuries 
 -

-

US government agencies 
 -

-

State and political subdivisions 
 -

-

Asset-backed securities 
 -

-

Mortgage-backed securities 
 -

-

Mortgage loans held for sale 
 -

-

Mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments 
 -

-

MBS forward sales commitments 
 -

-

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 -

-

-

US treasuries 
 -

-

US government agencies 
 -

-

SBA securities 
 -

-

State and political subdivisions 
 -

-

Asset-backed securities 
 -

-

Mortgage-backed securities 
 -

-

Mortgage loans held for sale 
 -

-

Mortgage loan interest rate lock commitments 
 -

-

Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 -

-

Liabilities 

MBS forward sales commitments 
 -

-

Total liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 -

-

100 

Table of Contents 

of loans as of December 31, 2022. Loans which are deemed to be
individually evaluated are valued net of the allowance for credit losses, and other real estate owned is valued at the lower of cost or
net realizable value of the underlying real estate collateral. Such market values are generally obtained using independent appraisals,
which the Company considers to be level 2 inputs. The tables below present the recorded amount of assets and liabilities measured at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis. 

Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 -

Total assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis 
 -

- 

101 

Table of Contents 

-
 
 -

Loans (1) 

-
 
 -

Financial
 Liabilities: 

Deposits 

-

-

Subordinated debentures 

-

-

-
 
 -

Loans (1) 

-
 
 -

Financial
 Liabilities: 

Deposits 

-

-

Subordinated debentures 

-

-

, , and , respectively, were anti-dilutive in the calculation of earnings per share as their exercise
price exceeded the fair market value. These options were therefore excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation. 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - basic 

Common stock equivalents 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

employment agreement with its chief executive officer and a employment agreement with executive vice presidents. The total estimated aggregate salary commitment is approximately million. 

102 

Table of Contents 

million
at December 31, 2022. 

State	 

Total current tax expense	 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Income tax expense 

Effect of state income taxes, net of federal benefit	 

Exempt income	 

Effect of stock-based compensation 

Other 

Income tax expense	 

Reserve for unfunded commitments 
 
 -

Unrealized loss on securities available for sale 

Net deferred loan fees 

Deferred compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Other 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Hedging transactions 

Prepaid expenses 

ROU assets 

Net deferred tax asset 

103 

Table of Contents 

New loans 

Less loan payments 

Balance, end of year 

million and million, respectively. 

. In addition, the Company periodically enters into various
consulting agreements with the director for development, administration and advisory services related to the purchase of property and
construction of current and future branch office sites, including the development of the new bank headquarters in Greenville, South Carolina.
There were no payments to the director for these services during 2022 and payments totaling were made to the director for these
services during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As part of the lease agreement with the company, was
paid to the company for a tenant upfit allowance during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

million, of which million is at fixed rates and million is at variable rates. At
December 31, 2021, unfunded commitments to extend credit were approximately million, of which million is at fixed rates
and million is at variable rates. The Company evaluates each client s credit-worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount
of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management s credit evaluation
of the borrower. Collateral varies but may include accounts receivable, inventory, property, plant and equipment, and commercial and residential
real estate. See Note 4 Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses for additional information on unfunded commitments. 

104 

Table of Contents 

million and million commitment, respectively, under letters of credit. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of
credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to clients. Collateral varies but may include accounts receivable,
inventory, equipment, marketable securities and property. Since most of the letters of credit are expected to expire without being drawn
upon, they do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The fair value of off balance sheet lending commitments are based on
fees currently charged to enter into similar agreements, taking into account the remaining terms of the agreements and the counterparties
credit standing. The total fair value of such instruments is not material. 

, , and , respectively. 

executive officers in the form of a Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan SERP ). The
SERP provides retirement income for these officers. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an accrued benefit obligation of
 million and million, respectively. The Company had a reversal of expenses related to this plan for the twelve months
ended December 31, 2022 and incurred expenses related to this plan of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Restricted stock grant expense 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

shares (adjusted for the stock dividends in 2013, 2012, and 2011).
The Plan expired on March 16, 2020 and no further shares may be issued from the plan. 

stock options. The Plan expired on March 15, 2021 and no further
shares may be issued from the plan. 

stock options. The options may be exercised at an
exercise price per share based on the fair market value and determined on the date of grant and expire years from the grant date.
As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 

105 

Table of Contents 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

Outstanding at end of year 

years 

years 

years 
 
 Options exercisable at year-end 

years 

years 

years 
 
 Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 
 
 -

Shares available for grant 

million and 
million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of 287,902 and 239,340 stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 million and million, respectively. 

years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 n/a 

Risk-free interest rate 
 n/a 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock option grants. The cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The fair value of stock option grants that vested during 2022,
2021, and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

shares of common stock to be issuable as restricted
stock grants. The Plan expired on March 17, 2021 and no further shares may be issued from the plan. 

shares of common stock to be issuable as either
stock options or restricted stock grants. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for grant under the 2020 Equity
Incentive Plan. 

106 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Nonvested at end of year 

million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted stock grants. The cost
is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

107 

Table of Contents 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

The Company 

Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 

Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

The Company (1) 

Total Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk weighted assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 
 
 Tier 1 Capital (to average assets) 

n/a 
 n/a 

108 

Table of Contents 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Subordinated debentures 

Shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity	 

Total revenue 

Expenses 

Interest expense 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Income tax benefit 

Loss before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries	 

Net income 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used for) operating activities 

Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries	 

Compensation expense related to stock options and restricted stock grants 

(Increase) decrease in other assets	 
 -

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities	 

Investing activities 

Investment in subsidiaries, net	 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net cash used for investing activities	 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Financing activities 

Issuance of common stock	 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options and warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities	 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents	 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year	 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year	 

109 

Table of Contents 

Interest expense 

Net interest income	 

Provision for credit losses	 

Noninterest income	 

Noninterest expenses	 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision for credit losses 

Noninterest income 

Noninterest expenses	 

Income before income tax expense 

Income tax expense	 

Net income available to common shareholders 

Earnings per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

110 

Table of Contents 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

Based on our management s evaluation
(with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of the period covered by this
report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act )) are
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow
timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

For management s report on internal
control over financial reporting and the attestation report thereon issued by our independent registered public accounting firm, see Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal
control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive
Officers and Corporate Governance. 

In response to this Item, this information
is contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

In response to this Item, this information
is contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 

In response to this Item, the information
required by Item 201(d) is contained in Item 5 of this report. The other information required by this item is contained in our Proxy Statement
for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The information is contained in our
Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services. 

In response to this Item, this information
is contained in our Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 16, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

111 

Table of Contents 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial
Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 (1) 
 Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements are located in Item 8 of this report. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

These schedules have been omitted because they are not required, are not applicable or have been included in our consolidated financial statements. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this report. 

112 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on
 Form SB-2 filed on July 27, 1999, File No. 333-83851). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws dated March 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Form 10-K filed March 24, 2008). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws dated March 18, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on November 2, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Description
 of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2020). 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of certificate of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form SB-2,
 File No. 333-83851). 

4.3 
 
 Indenture dated as of September 30, 2019 between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 

4.4 
 
 Form of 4.75 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Note due 2029 of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 

4.5 
 
 Form
 of Global 4.75 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Note due 2029 of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to the
 Exhibit 2 to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 

10.1 
 
 Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 6, 2010). 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 15, 2014). 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 14, 2015). 

10.4 
 
 Form of Award Agreement for Stock Options (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 12, 2010). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 12, 2010). 

10.6 
 
 Sublease
 Agreement between Greenville First Bank, N.A. and Augusta Road Holdings, LLC dated February 26, 2004 (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2004). 

10.7 
 
 Bonaventure I Office Lease Agreement with Greenville First Bank, N.A., dated September 20, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2005). 

10.8 
 
 First Amendment to Office Lease Agreement with Greenville First Bank, N.A., dated September 20, 2005 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2005). 

10.9 
 
 R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013). 

10.10 
 
 Michael D. Dowling Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Split Dollar Agreement between certain executives and Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed February 18, 2009). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Southern First Bank, N.A. Salary Continuation Agreement dated December 17, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed December 23, 2008). 

10.13 
 
 Form of First Amendment to Southern First Bank, N.A. Salary Continuation Agreement dated December 17, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed December 23, 2008). 

10.14 
 
 Michael D. Dowling Salary Continuation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013). 

113 

Table of Contents 

10.15 
 
 R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. Second Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Form 8-K filed October 3, 2013). 

10.16 
 
 Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Company s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 12, 2016). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Award Agreement for Stock Options (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 of the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 18, 2016). 

10.18 
 
 Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 of the Company s Form S-8 filed on August 18, 2016). 

10.19 
 
 Amendment dated as of January 31, 2019 to R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2019). 

10.20 
 
 Amendment dated as of January 31, 2019 to Michael D. Dowling Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2019). 

10.21 
 
 Development Services Agreement dated as of April 9, 2019 between Southern First Bank and Cothran Properties, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 2, 2019). 

10.22 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 by and among Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 

10.23 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated as of September 30, 2019 by and among Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 30, 2019). 

10.24 
 
 Pledge Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2017, by and between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and CenterState Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on July 3, 2017). 

10.25 
 
 Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2020, by and between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and CenterState Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.26 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of June 29, 2020, by and between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and CenterState Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Form 10-Q filed on August 3, 2020). 

10.27 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and SouthState Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2022). 

10.28 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and SouthState Bank, National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of the Company s Form 10-K filed on March 4, 2022). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries. 

23 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Public Accountants. 

24 
 
 Power of Attorney (contained herein as part of the signature pages). 

31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Executive Officer. 

31.2 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal Financial Officer. 

32 
 
 Section
 1350 Certifications of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. 

101 
 
 The
 following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in eXtensible
 Business Reporting Language (XBRL); (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) Consolidated
 Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders 
 Equity and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, and (iv) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

114 

Table of Contents 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 

115 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

SOUTHERN FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 

Date: February
 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that
each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints R. Arthur Seaver, Jr., his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent,
with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and
all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto the attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that the attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the
securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael D. Dowling 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Michael D. Dowling 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Andrew B. Cajka, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Andrew B. Cajka, Jr. 

/s/
 Mark A. Cothran 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Mark A. Cothran 

/s/
 Leighton M. Cubbage 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Leighton M. Cubbage 

/s/
 David G. Ellison 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 David G. Ellison 

/s/
 Anne S. Ellefson 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Anne S. Ellefson 

/s/ Terry Grayson-Caprio 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Terry Grayson-Caprio 

/s/
 Tecumseh Hooper, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Tecumseh Hooper, Jr. 

/s/
 Rudolph G. Johnstone, III M.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Rudolph G. Johnstone, III, M.D. 

/s/ Ray A. Lattimore 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Ray A. Lattimore 

/s/
 Anna T. Locke 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 Anna T. Locke 

/s/ William A. Maner, IV 
 
 Director 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 William A. Maner, IV 

/s/
 James B. Orders, III 
 
 Director, Chairman 
 
 February 13, 2023 
 
 James B. Orders, III 

116 

<EX-21>
 2
 sfst4117611-ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries 

Southern First
Bank 

 Greenville Statutory
Trust I and II 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 sfst4117611-ex23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS

Exhibit 23 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
Registration Statement No. 333-252143, 333-213188, 333-133379, 333-168779 and 333-181198 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-235465
on Form S-4/A of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. of our reports dated February 13, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements
and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. and Subsidiary, appearing in the
Annual Report to Shareholders, which is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Elliott Davis, LLC 

Greenville, South Carolina 

February 13, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 sfst4117611-ex311.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Chief
Executive Officer 

I, R. Arthur Seaver, Jr., chief executive officer,
certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 

R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 sfst4117611-ex312.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A) CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Principal
Financial Officer 

I, Michael D. Dowling, principal financial officer,
certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael D. Dowling 

Michael D. Dowling 

Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 sfst4117611-ex32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2003 

The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer and
the Principal Financial Officer of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (the company ), each certify that, to his knowledge on
the date of this certification: 

1. The annual report of the company for the period ended December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on this date (the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the company. 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ R. Arthur
 Seaver, Jr. 

R. Arthur Seaver, Jr. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael D.
 Dowling 

Michael D. Dowling 

Chief Financial Officer, 
 Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 sfst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 sfst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sfst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 sfst-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 sfst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

