<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_721994_0000721994-23-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>29367127</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>457243</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3112709</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>13177188</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>6025442</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5964847</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000721994-23-000014.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222075946
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000721994-23-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		137
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000721994
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				351559596
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11487
		FILM NUMBER:		23650567

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 E CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1387
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46581-1387
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5742676144

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		202 E CENTER ST
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 1387
		CITY:			WARSAW
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46581

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000721994-23-000014.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 lkfn-20221231.htm
 10-K

lkfn-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number 
 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , , -1387 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Telephone: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) (Trading symbol) (Name of each exchange on which registered) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No__ 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes __ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such other period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No __ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No __ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes __ No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the last sales price quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately . 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding at February 15, 2023: 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Number PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 28 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 121 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 121 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 121 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 121 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 122 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 122 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 122 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 122 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 122 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 123 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 125 
 Form 10-K Signature Page 
 126 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 Lakeland Financial Corporation Lakeland Financial ), an Indiana corporation incorporated in 1983, is a bank holding company headquartered in Warsaw, Indiana that provides, through its wholly owned subsidiary Lake City Bank (the Bank and together with Lakeland Financial, the Company ), a broad array of financial products and services throughout its Northern and Central Indiana markets. The Company offers commercial and consumer banking services, as well as trust and wealth management, brokerage, and treasury management commercial services. The Company serves a diverse customer base, including commercial customers across a wide variety of industries including, among others, commercial real estate, manufacturing, agriculture, construction, retail, wholesale, finance and insurance, accommodation and food services and health care. The Company is not dependent upon any single industry or customer. At December 31, 2022, Lakeland Financial had consolidated total assets of 6.4 billion and was the seventh largest independent bank holding company headquartered in the State of Indiana. 
 Company s Business . Lakeland Financial is a bank holding company as defined in the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. Lakeland Financial owns all of the outstanding stock of the Bank, a full-service commercial bank organized under Indiana law. Lakeland Financial conducts no business except that which is incident to its ownership of the outstanding stock of the Bank and the operation of the Bank. Although Lakeland Financial is a corporate entity, legally separate and distinct from its affiliates, bank holding companies such as Lakeland Financial are required to act as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary banks. The principal source of Lakeland Financial s income is dividends from the Bank. There are certain regulatory restrictions on the extent to which subsidiary banks can pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to their holding companies. See Supervision and Regulation of the Company below for further discussion of these matters. Lakeland Financial s executive offices are located at 202 East Center Street, Warsaw, Indiana 46580, and its telephone number is (574) 267-6144. 
 Bank s Business. The Bank was originally organized in 1872 and has continuously operated under the laws of the State of Indiana since its organization. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 52 offices in fifteen counties, including 46 offices in northern Indiana and six offices in central Indiana, in the Indianapolis market. The Bank s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations. The Bank s activities cover all traditional facets of commercial banking, including deposit products, commercial and consumer lending, retail and merchant credit card services, corporate treasury management services, and wealth advisory, trust and brokerage services. On January 31, 2022, the Bank opened its 52 nd branch in downtown Elkhart. 
 The Bank s business strategy is focused on building long-term relationships with its customers based on in person, top-quality service, high ethical standards and safe and sound lending. The Bank operates as a community-based financial services organization augmented by experienced, centralized support in select critical areas. The Bank s local market orientation is reflected in its regional management, which divides the Bank s market area into five distinct geographic regions, each headed by a retail and commercial regional manager. This arrangement allows decision making to be as close to the customer as possible and enhances responsiveness to local banking needs. Despite this local-market, community-based focus, the Bank offers many of the products and services available at much larger regional and national competitors. While our strategy encompasses all phases of traditional community banking, including consumer lending and wealth advisory and trust services, we focus on building expansive commercial relationships and developing retail and commercial deposit gathering strategies through relationship-based client services. Substantially all of the Bank s assets and income are located in and derived from the United States. 
 The Company is not a party to any collective bargaining agreements, and employee relations are considered good. 
 Operating Segment. While the Company has assigned certain management responsibilities by region and business line, the Company s chief decision-makers monitor and evaluate financial performance on a Company-wide basis. The majority of the Company s revenue is from the business of banking and the Company s assigned regions have similar economic characteristics, products, services and customers. Accordingly, all of the Company s operations are considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 Expansion Strategy. Since 1990, the Company has expanded from 17 offices in four Indiana counties to 52 offices in fifteen Indiana counties primarily through de novo branching. During this period, the Company has grown its assets from 286 million to 6.4 billion, a compound annual growth rate of 10 . Mergers and acquisitions have not played a role in this growth as the Company s expansion strategy has been driven by organic growth. The Company has opened eight de novo branches in the past eight years and plans to continue expansion in the Indianapolis market and additional markets that are in close proximity to the Company's Indiana footprint. 
 
 Over the past twenty-five years, the Company has primarily targeted growth in the larger cities located in Northern Indiana and the Indianapolis market in Central Indiana and areas that are two hours from a Lake City Bank branch. The Company believes these areas offer above average growth potential with attractive demographics and potential for commercial lending and deposit gathering opportunities. The Company considers expanding into a market when the Company believes that market would be receptive to its strategic plan to deliver broad-based financial services to businesses with a commitment to local communities. When entering new markets, the Company believes it is critical to attract experienced local management and staff with a similar philosophy in order to provide a basis for success. 
 Competition. The financial services industry is highly competitive. Competition is based on a number of factors including, among others, customer service, quality and range of products and services offered, price, reputation, interest rates on loans and deposits, lending limits and customer convenience. Our competitors include national, regional and community banks, e-commerce and other Fintech or nonbanking companies offering financial services, as well as thrifts, credit unions, farm credit services, finance companies, personal loan companies, brokerage firms, investment companies, insurance companies, mortgage banking companies, credit card issuers and mutual fund companies. Many of these competitors enjoy fewer regulatory constraints and some may have lower cost structures. 
 Human Capital . The Bank is committed to being the acknowledged and recognized leader in Indiana community banking. We achieve this mission only through the hard work and dedication of our employees. The Bank team is 652 people strong, including 610 full-time, 30 part-time, and 12 seasonal/temporary employees as of December 31, 2022. 
 Diversity and Inclusiveness. The Bank is committed to social and governance responsibility, and in 2020, the management team added inclusivity as the eighth core value defining our organizational culture. The Bank s employee Code of Conduct supports diversity and inclusion efforts in our workplace, and a Diversity and Inclusion Task Force is charged with developing and promoting initiatives throughout the corporation. In 2022, every employee participated in a foundational course to establish a base level of awareness and education on the topic of diversity and inclusion. In 2023 the effort continues with a host of interactive, informative courses being offered to continue the learning process around these important issues. Eighty-four percent of our employees identify as women or people of color. At present, women comprise 59 of the Bank s officers (267 officers 158 women), 33 (8 of 25 members) of Senior Leadership Council (which includes those with the title of Senior Vice President and above) and 44 (4 of 9 members) of the executive Management Committee. Additionally, three of our 11 board members identify as women or people of color. 
 Employee Engagement and Development. A positive workplace culture is vital to the Bank s success. By supporting, respecting, engaging, and appreciating employees, the Bank has built a team well-equipped to show the same commitment to its customers. Building and strengthening this positive workplace culture starts with Lake City University. Founded in 1999, Lake City University is dedicated to helping employees thrive professionally and personally. In 2022, the Bank employees averaged 26.34 hours per employee of instruction through the program. From courses to improve technical skills, product knowledge, and customer service to classes focused on an employee s well-being, like personal financial planning and benefits education, Lake City University supports and promotes the personal and professional growth of all the Bank employees. In 2022, 153 employees were promoted and 170 employees were hired externally, demonstrating a commitment to the professional development of Lake City Bank employees. 
 In addition to the substantial investment in employee professional development, the Bank s benefit and compensation programs are designed to ensure we recruit and retain top talent. The Bank offers employees a comprehensive health benefits package, a 401(k) match of up to 6 of an employee s salary to encourage retirement savings and tuition reimbursement that 28 employees took advantage of in 2022. The Bank also structures its bonus program for officers to create meaningful performance-based incentives. These programs, combined with an intentional focus to create a positive, values-based culture ensures the Bank team will continue as the acknowledged and recognized leader in Indiana community banking. 
 
 Impact of Strong Labor Market . Indiana has a strong labor market, with an unemployment rate of 3.1 as of December 31, 2022. The U.S. Census Bureau announced Indiana's population grew by 4.7 between 2010 and 2020, and manufacturing jobs increased 1.5 from December 2019 to December 2021. In this tight labor market, the Company has focused on hiring and retaining talented employees, which has increased compensation expense during 2022. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Forward-looking Statements 
 This document (including information incorporated by reference) contains, and future oral and written statements of the Company and its management may contain, forward-looking statements, within the meaning of such term in the federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are generally identifiable by the use of words such as believe, expect, anticipate, project, possible, continue, plan, intend, estimate, may, will, would, could, should or other similar expressions. Additionally, all statements in this document, including forward-looking statements, speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any statement in light of new information or future events. 
 The Company s ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently uncertain and, accordingly, the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement made by the Company. Actual results could differ materially from those addressed in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including, without limitation: 
 the effects of future economic, business and market conditions and changes, including prevailing interest rates, the rate of inflation and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies and the impact the current economic environment will have on these; 
 the risks of changes in interest rates on the levels, composition and costs of deposits, loan demand, availability of wholesale funding and the values and liquidity of loan collateral, securities and other interest sensitive assets and liabilities; 
 changes in borrowers credit risks and payment behaviors; 
 the failure of assumptions and estimates used in our reviews of our loan portfolio, underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses, our analysis of our capital position and other estimates; 
 the effects of disruption and volatility in capital markets on the value of our investment portfolio; 
 the risk of labor availability, trade policy and tariffs, as well as supply chain constraints could impact loan demand from the manufacturing sector; 
 changes in the prices, values and sales volumes of residential and commercial real estate; 
 changes in the scope and cost of FDIC insurance, the state of Indiana s Public Deposit Insurance Fund and other coverages; 
 changes in the availability and cost of credit and capital in the financial markets; 
 the outcome of pending litigation and other claims we may be subject to from time to time; 
 the anticipated phase out of the remaining LIBOR tenors by mid-2023 and implementation of a new reference rate or rates; 
 the effects of competition from a wide variety of local, regional, national and other providers of financial, investment and insurance services; 
 the timing and scope of any legislative and regulatory changes, including changes in banking, securities and tax laws and regulations and their application by our regulators; 
 risk of cyber-security attacks that could result in damage to the Company s or third-party service providers' networks or data of the Company; 
 changes in technology or products that may be more difficult or costly, or less effective than anticipated; 
 the effects of any employee or customer fraud; 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 the risks of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures, including, without limitation, the related time and costs of implementing such transactions, integrating operations as part of these transactions and possible failures to achieve expected gains, revenue growth and/or expense savings from such transactions; 
 changes in accounting policies, rules and practices; 
 the effects of war or other conflicts, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events, including storms, droughts, tornados and flooding, that may affect general economic conditions, including agricultural production and demand and prices for agricultural goods and land used for agricultural purposes, generally and in our markets; and 
 the risks noted in the Risk Factors discussed under Item 1A of Part 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth from time to time in the Company s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 
 Internet Website 
 The Company maintains an internet site at www.lakecitybank.com. The Company makes available free of charge, in the Investor Relations section on this site, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other statements and reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as soon as reasonably practicable after it electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the SEC. All such documents filed with the SEC are also available for free on the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). The Company s Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws, Code of Conduct and the charters of the various committees of the Company s board of directors are also available on the Investor Relations section of the website at investors.lakecitybank.com. 
 SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 General 
 FDIC-insured institutions, like the Bank, their holding companies and their affiliates are extensively regulated under federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance may be affected not only by management decisions and general economic conditions, but also by the requirements of federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of various bank regulatory agencies, including the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions (the DFI ), the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve ), the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (the CFPB ). Furthermore, taxation laws administered by the Internal Revenue Service and state taxing authorities, accounting rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, securities laws administered by the SEC and state securities authorities, and anti-money laundering laws enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury Treasury have an impact on our business. The effect of these statutes, regulations, regulatory policies and accounting rules are significant to our operations and results. 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of supervision, regulation and enforcement on the operations of FDIC-insured institutions, their holding companies and affiliates that is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC-insured deposits and depositors of banks, rather than shareholders. These laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect, among other things, the scope of our business, the kinds and amounts of investments we may make, required capital levels relative to our assets, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, our ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with our insiders and affiliates and our payment of dividends. In reaction to the global financial crisis and particularly following passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-Frank Act ), we experienced heightened regulatory requirements and scrutiny. Although the reforms primarily targeted systemically important financial service providers, their influence filtered down in varying degrees to community banks over time and caused our compliance and risk management processes, and the costs thereof, to increase. Then, in May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act Regulatory Relief Act was enacted by Congress in part to provide regulatory relief for community banks and their holding companies. To that end, the law eliminated questions about the applicability of certain Dodd-Frank Act reforms to community bank systems, including relieving us of any requirement to engage in mandatory stress tests, maintain a risk committee or comply with the Volcker Rule s complicated prohibitions on proprietary trading and ownership of private funds. We believe these reforms are favorable to our operations. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 The supervisory framework for U.S. banking organizations subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that are not publicly available and that can impact the conduct and growth of their business. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 The following is a summary of the material elements of the supervisory and regulatory framework applicable to the Company and the Bank, beginning with a discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the banking industry. It does not describe all of the statutes, regulations and regulatory policies that apply, nor does it restate all of the requirements of those that are described. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies, along with their state counterparts, issued a steady stream of guidance responding to the COVID-19 pandemic and took a number of unprecedented steps to help banks navigate the pandemic and mitigate its impact. These include, without limitation: requiring banks to focus on business continuity and pandemic planning; adding pandemic scenarios to stress testing; encouraging bank use of capital buffers and reserves in lending programs; permitting certain regulatory reporting extensions; reducing margin requirements on swaps; permitting certain otherwise prohibited investments in investment funds; issuing guidance to encourage banks to work with customers affected by the pandemic and encourage loan workouts; and providing credit under the Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") for certain pandemic-related loans, investments and public service. Because of the need for social distancing measures, the agencies revamped the manner in which they conducted periodic examinations of their regulated institutions, including making greater use of off-site reviews. 
 Moreover, the Federal Reserve issued guidance encouraging banking institutions to utilize its discount window for loans and intraday credit extended by its Reserve Banks to help households and businesses impacted by the pandemic and announced numerous funding facilities. The FDIC also acted to mitigate the deposit insurance assessment effects of participating in the Paycheck Protection Program ("PPP") and the Federal Reserve's PPP Liquidity Facility and Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility. 
 Reference is made to the discussion of "Risks Relating to General Economic Conditions in the Risk Factors" section below for information on the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), PPP program and the Federal Reserve s lending facilities and for discussions of the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, information as to selected topics, such as the impact on capital requirements, dividend payments, reserves and CRA, is contained in the relevant sections of this Supervision and Regulation discussion. 
 The Role of Capital 
 Regulatory capital represents the net assets of a banking organization available to absorb losses. Because of the risks attendant to their business, FDIC-insured institutions are generally required to hold more capital than other businesses, which directly affects our earnings capabilities. While capital has historically been one of the key measures of the financial health of both bank holding companies and banks, its role became fundamentally more important in the wake of the global financial crisis, as the banking regulators recognized that the amount and quality of capital held by banks prior to the crisis was insufficient to absorb losses during periods of severe stress. Certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and Basel III, discussed below, establish capital standards for banks and bank holding companies that are meaningfully more stringent than those in place previously. 
 Capital Levels. Banks have been required to hold minimum levels of capital based on guidelines established by the bank regulatory agencies since 1983. The minimums have been expressed in terms of ratios of "capital" divided by "total assets". The capital guidelines for U.S. banks beginning in 1989 have been based upon international capital accords (known as Basel" rules) adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, a committee of central banks and bank supervisors that acts as the primary global standard-setter for prudential regulation, as implemented by the U.S. bank regulatory agencies on an interagency basis. The accords recognized that bank assets for the purpose of the capital ratio calculations needed to be risk weighted (the theory being that riskier assets should require more capital) and that off-balance sheet exposures needed to be factored in the calculations. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Following the global financial crisis, the Group of Governors and Heads of Supervision, the oversight body of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, announced agreement on a strengthened set of capital requirements for banking organizations around the world, known as Basel III, to address deficiencies recognized in connection with the global financial crisis. 
 The Basel III Rule . In July 2013, the U.S. federal banking agencies approved the implementation of the Basel III regulatory capital reforms in pertinent part, and, at the same time, promulgated rules effecting certain changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act (the Basel III Rule ). In contrast to capital requirements historically, which were in the form of guidelines, Basel III was released in the form of binding regulations by each of the regulatory agencies. The Basel III Rule increased the required quantity and quality of capital and required more detailed categories of risk weighting of riskier, more opaque assets. For nearly every class of assets, the Basel III Rule requires a more complex, detailed and calibrated assessment of risk in the calculation of risk weightings. The Basel III Rule is applicable to all banking organizations that are subject to minimum capital requirements, including federal and state banks and savings and loan associations, as well as to bank and savings and loan holding companies, other than small bank holding companies (generally holding companies with consolidated assets of less than 3 billion) and certain qualifying banking organizations that may elect a simplified framework (which we have not done). Thus, the Company and the Bank are each currently subject to the Basel III Rule as described below. 
 Not only did the Basel III Rule increase most of the required minimum capital ratios in effect prior to January 1, 2015, but, in requiring that forms of capital be of higher quality to absorb loss, it introduced the concept of Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, which consists primarily of common stock, related surplus (net of Treasury stock), retained earnings, and Common Equity Tier 1 minority interests subject to certain regulatory adjustments. The Basel III Rule also changed the definition of capital by establishing more stringent criteria that instruments must meet to be considered Additional Tier 1 Capital (primarily non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that meets certain requirements) and Tier 2 Capital (primarily other types of preferred stock and subordinated debt, subject to limitations). The Basel III Rule also constrained the inclusion of minority interests, mortgage-servicing assets, and deferred tax assets in capital and required deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 Capital in the event that such assets exceeded a percentage of a banking institution s Common Equity Tier 1 Capital. 
 The Basel III Rule requires minimum capital ratios as follows: 
 A ratio of minimum Common Equity Tier 1 Capital equal to 4.5 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A ratio of minimum Tier 1 Capital equal to 6 of risk-weighted assets; 
 A continuation of the minimum required amount of Total Capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2) at 8 of risk-weighted assets; and 
 A minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total quarterly average assets equal to 4 in all circumstances. 
 In addition, institutions that seek the freedom to make capital distributions (including for dividends and repurchases of stock) and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers without restriction must also maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to a capital conservation buffer. The purpose of the conservation buffer is to ensure that banking institutions maintain a buffer of capital that can be used to absorb losses during periods of financial and economic stress. Factoring in the conservation buffer increases the minimum ratios depicted above to 7 for Common Equity Tier 1 Capital, 8.5 for Tier 1 Capital and 10.5 for Total Capital. The federal bank regulators released a joint statement in response to the COVID-19 pandemic reminding the industry that capital and liquidity buffers were meant to give banks the means to support the economy in adverse situations, and that the agencies would support banks that use the buffers for that purpose if undertaken in a safe and sound manner. 
 Well-Capitalized Requirements . The ratios described above are minimum standards in order for banking organizations to be considered adequately capitalized. Bank regulatory agencies uniformly encourage banks to hold more capital and be well-capitalized and, to that end, federal law and regulations provide various incentives for banking organizations to maintain regulatory capital at levels in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. For example, a banking organization that is well-capitalized may: (i) qualify for exemptions from prior notice or application requirements otherwise applicable to certain types of activities; (ii) qualify for expedited processing of other required notices or applications; and (iii) accept, roll-over or renew brokered deposits. Higher capital levels could also be required if warranted by the particular circumstances or risk profiles of individual banking organizations. For example, the Federal Reserve s capital guidelines contemplate that additional capital may be required to take adequate account of, among other things, interest rate risk, or the risks posed by concentrations of credit, nontraditional activities or securities trading activities. Further, any banking organization experiencing or anticipating 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 significant growth would be expected to maintain capital ratios, including tangible capital positions i.e. , Tier 1 Capital less all intangible assets), well above the minimum levels. 
 Under the capital regulations of the Federal Reserve, in order to be well-capitalized, a banking organization must maintain: 
 A Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ratio to risk-weighted assets of 6.5 or more; 
 A ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 8 or more; 
 A ratio of Total Capital to total risk-weighted assets of 10 or more; and 
 A leverage ratio of Tier 1 Capital to total adjusted average quarterly assets of 5 or greater. 
 It is possible under the Basel III Rule to be well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 As of December 31, 2022: (i) the Bank was not subject to a directive from the Federal Reserve to increase its capital and (ii) the Bank was well-capitalized, as defined by Federal Reserve regulations. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had regulatory capital in excess of the Federal Reserve s requirements and met the Basel III Rule requirements to be well-capitalized. We are also in compliance with the capital conservation buffer. 
 Prompt Corrective Action . The concept of an institution being well-capitalized is part of a regulatory enforcement regime that provides the federal banking regulators with broad power to take prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of institutions based on the capital level of each particular institution. The extent of the regulators powers depends on whether the institution in question is adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, in each case as defined by regulation. Depending upon the capital category to which an institution is assigned, the regulators corrective powers include: (i) requiring the institution to submit a capital restoration plan; (ii) limiting the institution s asset growth and restricting its activities; (iii) requiring the institution to issue additional capital stock (including additional voting stock) or to sell itself; (iv) restricting transactions between the institution and its affiliates; (v) restricting the interest rate that the institution may pay on deposits; (vi) ordering a new election of directors of the institution; (vii) requiring that senior executive officers or directors be dismissed; (viii) prohibiting the institution from accepting deposits from correspondent banks; (ix) requiring the institution to divest certain subsidiaries; (x) prohibiting the payment of principal or interest on subordinated debt; and (xi) ultimately, appointing a receiver for the institution. 
 Community Bank Capital Simplification . Community banks have long raised concerns with bank regulators about the regulatory burden, complexity, and costs associated with certain provisions of the Basel III Rule. In response, Congress provided an off-ramp for institutions, like us, with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion. Section 201 of the Regulatory Relief Act instructed the federal banking regulators to establish a single "Community Bank Leverage Ratio" CBLR of between 8 and 10 . Under the final rule, a community banking organization is eligible to elect the new framework if it has: less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, limited amounts of certain assets and off-balance sheet exposures, and a CBLR greater than 9 . The bank regulatory agencies temporarily lowered the CBLR to 8 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We may elect the CBLR framework at any time but have not currently determined to do so. 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Company 
 General. The Company, as the sole shareholder of the Bank, is a bank holding company. As a bank holding company, we are registered with, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). We are legally obligated to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to the Bank and to commit resources to support the Bank in circumstances where we might not otherwise do so. Under the BHCA, we are subject to periodic examination by the Federal Reserve and are required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of our operations and such additional information regarding us and the Bank as the Federal Reserve may require. 
 Acquisitions and Activities . The primary purpose of a bank holding company is to control and manage banks. The BHCA generally requires the prior approval of the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding company or any acquisition by a bank holding company of another bank or bank holding company. Subject to certain conditions (including deposit concentration limits established by the BHCA), the Federal Reserve may allow a bank holding company to acquire banks located in any state of the United States. In approving interstate acquisitions, the Federal Reserve is required to give effect to applicable state law limitations on the aggregate amount of deposits that may be held by the acquiring bank holding 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 company and its FDIC-insured institution affiliates in the state in which the target bank is located (provided that those limits do not discriminate against out-of-state institutions or their holding companies) and state laws that require that the target bank have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) before being acquired by an out-of-state bank holding company. Furthermore, in accordance with the Dodd-Frank Act, bank holding companies must be well-capitalized and well-managed in order to effect interstate mergers or acquisitions. For a discussion of the capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 The BHCA generally prohibits us from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank and from engaging in any business other than that of banking, managing and controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking ... as to be a proper incident thereto. This authority would permit us to engage in a variety of banking-related businesses, including the ownership and operation of a savings association, or any entity engaged in consumer finance, equipment leasing, the operation of a computer service bureau (including software development) and mortgage banking and brokerage services. The BHCA does not place territorial restrictions on the domestic activities of nonbank subsidiaries of bank holding companies. 
 Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or incidental to any such financial activity or that the Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of FDIC-insured institutions or the financial system generally. We have elected to operate as a financial holding company. In order to maintain our status as a financial holding company, the Company and the Bank must be well-capitalized, well-managed, and the Bank must have at least a satisfactory CRA rating. If the Federal Reserve determines that a financial holding company or any bank subsidiary is not well-capitalized or well-managed, the Federal Reserve will provide a period of time in which to achieve compliance, but, during the period of noncompliance, the Federal Reserve may place any additional limitations on the Company that it deems appropriate. Furthermore, if non-compliance is based on the failure of the Bank to achieve a satisfactory CRA rating, we would not be able to commence any new financial activities or acquire a company that engages in such activities. 
 Change in Control . Federal law prohibits any person or company from acquiring control of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but may arise under certain circumstances between 10 and 24.99 ownership. 
 Capital Requirements. As a bank holding company, we are required to maintain capital in accordance with Federal Reserve capital adequacy requirements. For a discussion of capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 Dividend Payments. Our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders may be affected by both general corporate law considerations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies. As an Indiana corporation, we are subject to the limitations of Indiana General Business Corporations Law, which prohibit us from paying dividends if we are, or by payment of the dividend would become, insolvent, or if the payment of dividends would render us unable to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends will have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. 
 As a general matter, the Federal Reserve has indicated that the board of directors of a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends to shareholders if: (i) the company s net income available to shareholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends; (ii) the prospective rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition; or (iii) the company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. These factors have come into consideration in the industry as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Federal Reserve also possesses enforcement powers over bank holding companies and their nonbank subsidiaries to prevent or remedy actions that represent unsafe or unsound practices or violations of applicable statutes and regulations. Among these powers is the ability to proscribe the payment of dividends by banks and bank holding companies. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Monetary Policy. The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating results of financial or bank holding companies and their subsidiaries. Among the tools available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in U.S. government securities and changes in the discount rate on bank borrowings. These means are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution of bank loans, investments and deposits, and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 Federal Securities Regulation. Our common stock is registered with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Consequently, we are subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading and other restrictions and requirements of the SEC under the Exchange Act. 
 Corporate Governance . The Dodd-Frank Act addressed many investor protection, corporate governance and executive compensation matters that will affect most U.S. publicly traded companies. It increased shareholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to give stockholders a nonbinding vote on executive compensation and so-called golden parachute payments, and authorizing the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow shareholders to nominate and solicit voters for their own candidates using a company s proxy materials. The legislation also directed the Federal Reserve to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of bank holding companies, regardless of whether such companies are publicly traded. 
 Supervision and Regulation of the Bank 
 General. The Bank is an Indiana-chartered bank. The deposit accounts of the Bank are insured by the FDIC's Deposit Insurance Fund DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, currently 250,000 per insured depositor category. The Bank is also a member of the Federal Reserve System (a member bank ). As an Indiana-chartered FDIC- insured member bank, the Bank is subject to the examination, supervision, reporting and enforcement requirements of the DFI, the chartering authority for Indiana banks, the Federal Reserve, as the primary federal regulator of member banks, and the FDIC, as administrator of the DIF. 
 Deposit Insurance . As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. For institutions like the Bank that are not considered large and highly complex banking organizations, assessments are based on examination ratings and financial ratios. The total base assessment rates currently range from 1.5 basis points to 30 basis points. At least semi-annually, the FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, increases or decreases the assessment rates, following notice and comment on proposed rulemaking. 
 The reserve ratio is the FDIC insurance fund balance divided by estimated insured deposits. The Dodd-Frank Act altered the minimum reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum from 1.15 to 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits. The reserve ratio reached 1.36 as of September 30, 2018, exceeding the statutory required minimum. As a result, the FDIC provided assessment credits to insured depository institutions, like the Bank, with total consolidated assets of less than 10 billion for the portion of their regular assessments that contributed to growth in the reserve ratio between 1.15 and 1.35 . The FDIC applied the small bank credits for quarterly assessment periods beginning July 1, 2019. However, the reserve ratio then fell to 1.30 in 2020 as a result of extraordinary insured deposit growth caused by an unprecedented inflow of more than 1 trillion in estimated insured deposits in the first half of 2020, stemming mainly from the COVID-19 pandemic stimulus programs. On September 15, 2020, the FDIC adopted a Restoration Plan to restore the reserve ratio to at least 1.35 within eight years. Although the FDIC could have ceased the small bank credits, it waived the requirement that the reserve ratio be at least 1.35 for full remittance of the remaining assessment credits, and it refunded all small bank credits as of September 30, 2020. 
 On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2.00 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC's long-term goal of a 2.00 designated reserve ratio. Progressively lower assessment rate schedules will take effect when the reserve ratio reaches 2.00 and again when it reaches 2.50 . 
 Supervisory Assessments . All Indiana banks are required to pay supervisory assessments to the DFI to fund the operations of that agency. The amount of the assessment is calculated on the basis of the Bank s total assets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank paid supervisory assessments to the DFI totaling approximately 255,000. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Capital Requirements. Banks are generally required to maintain capital levels in excess of other businesses. For a discussion of capital requirements, see The Role of Capital above. 
 Liquidity Requirements. Liquidity is a measure of the ability and ease with which bank assets may be converted to cash. Liquid assets are those that can be converted to cash quickly if needed to meet financial obligations. To remain viable, FDIC-insured institutions must have enough liquid assets to meet their near-term obligations, such as withdrawals by depositors. Because the global financial crisis was in part a liquidity crisis, Basel III also includes a liquidity framework that requires FDIC-insured institutions to measure their liquidity against specific liquidity tests. One test, referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio, or LCR, is designed to ensure that the banking entity has an adequate stock of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets that can be converted easily and immediately in private markets into cash to meet liquidity needs for a 30-calendar day liquidity stress scenario. The other test, known as the Net Stable Funding Ratio, or NSFR, is designed to promote more medium- and long-term funding of the assets and activities of FDIC-insured institutions over a one-year horizon. These tests provide an incentive for banks and holding companies to increase their holdings in Treasury securities and other sovereign debt as a component of assets, increase the use of long-term debt as a funding source and rely on stable funding like core deposits (in lieu of brokered deposits). While these rules do not, and will not, apply to the Bank, we continue to review our liquidity risk management policies in light of developments. 
 Dividend Payments. Our primary source of funds is dividends from the Bank. Indiana law prohibits the Bank from paying dividends in an amount greater than its undivided profits. The Bank is required to obtain the approval of the DFI for the payment of any dividend if the total of all dividends declared by the Bank during the calendar year, including the proposed dividend, would exceed the sum of the Bank's net income for the year-to-date combined with its retained net income for the previous two years. Indiana law defines "retained net income" to mean the net income of a specified period, calculated under the consolidated report of income instructions, less the total amount of all dividends declared for the specified period. The Federal Reserve Act also imposes limitations on the amount of dividends that may be paid by state member banks, such as the Bank. Without Federal Reserve approval, a state member bank may not pay dividends in any calendar year that, in the aggregate, exceed that bank's calendar year-to-date net income plus the bank's retained net income for the two preceding calendar years. Moreover, the payment of dividends by any FDIC- insured institution is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and an FDIC-insured institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its capital requirements under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, however, the Federal Reserve and the DFI may prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank if either or both determine such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Rule, institutions that seek the freedom to pay unrestricted dividends will have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. See The Role of Capital above. 
 State Bank Investments and Activities. The Bank is permitted to make investments and engage in activities directly or through subsidiaries as authorized by Indiana law. However, under federal law, FDIC-insured institutions are prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, from making or retaining equity investments of a type, or in an amount, that are not permissible for a national bank. Federal law also prohibits FDIC-insured state banks and their subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, from engaging as principal in any activity that is not permitted for a national bank unless the bank meets, and continues to meet, its minimum regulatory capital requirements and the FDIC determines that the activity would not pose a significant risk to the DIF. These restrictions have not had, and are not currently expected to have, a material impact on the operations of the Bank. 
 Insider Transactions. The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on covered transactions between the Bank and its affiliates. The Company is an affiliate of the Bank for purposes of these restrictions, and covered transactions subject to the restrictions include extensions of credit to the Company, investments in the stock or other securities of the Company and the acceptance of the stock or other securities of the Company as collateral for loans made by the Bank. The Dodd-Frank Act enhanced the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions and an increase in the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. 
 Certain limitations and reporting requirements are also placed on extensions of credit by the Bank to its directors and officers, to directors and officers of the Company and its subsidiaries, to principal shareholders of the Company and to related interests of such directors, officers and principal shareholders. In addition, federal law and regulations may affect the terms upon which any person who is a director or officer of the Company or the Bank, or a principal shareholder of the Company, may obtain credit from banks with which the Bank maintains a correspondent relationship. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management. The federal banking agencies have adopted operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of FDIC-insured institutions. The standards apply to internal 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 
 In general, the safety and soundness standards prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. While regulatory standards do not have the force of law, if an institution operates in an unsafe and unsound manner, the FDIC-insured institution s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If an FDIC-insured institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the FDIC-insured institution s rate of growth, require the FDIC-insured institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with safety and soundness may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. 
 During the past decade, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the activities of the FDIC-insured institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have c hanged the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal and reputational risk. Bank regulators have identified key risk themes for 2023 as: credit risk management given the current interest rate environment and persistent inflationary concerns, cybersecurity risk, and commercial and residential real estate concentration risk management. The agencies will also be monitoring banks for their transition away from LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) as a reference rate, Bank Secrecy Act/anti-money laundering AML compliance, cybersecurity, third-party and change management, climate and environmental, social and governance initiatives, digital assets and CRA performance. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring and management information systems; and comprehensive internal controls. 
 Privacy and Cybersecurity . The Bank is subject to many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations governing requirements for maintaining policies and procedures to protect non-public confidential information of their customers. These laws require the Bank to periodically disclose its privacy policies and practices relating to sharing such information and permit consumers to opt out of their ability to share information with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. They also impact the Bank s ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact customers with marketing offers. In addition, as a part of its operational risk mitigation, the Bank is required to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information and to require the same of its service providers. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across all business lines and geographic locations. 
 Branching Authority . Indiana banks, such as the Bank, have the authority under Indiana law to establish branches anywhere in the State of Indiana, subject to receipt of all required regulatory approvals. Federal law permits state and national banks to merge with banks in other states subject to: (i) regulatory approval; (ii) federal and state deposit concentration limits; and (iii) state law limitations requiring the merging bank to have been in existence for a minimum period of time (not to exceed five years) prior to the merger. The establishment of new interstate branches has historically been permitted only in those states the laws of which expressly authorize such expansion. The Dodd-Frank Act permits well-capitalized and well-managed banks to establish new interstate branches or the acquisition of individual branches of a bank in another state (rather than the acquisition of an out-of-state bank in its entirety) without impediments. 
 Transaction Account Reserves. Federal law required FDIC-insured institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction acco unts (primarily NOW and regular checking accounts) to provide liquidity. Reserves were maintained on deposit at the Federal Reserve Banks. However, in March 2020, in an unprecedented move, the Federal Reserve announced that the banking system had ample reserves, and, as reserve requirements no longer played a significant role in this regime, it reduced all reserve tranches to zero percent, thereby freeing banks from the reserve maintenance requirement. Th e action permits the Bank to loan or invest funds that were previously unavailable. The Federal Reserve has indicated that it expects to continue to operate in an ample reserves regime for the foreseeable future. 
 Community Reinvestment Act Requirements. CRA requires the Bank to have a continuing and affirmative obligation in a safe and sound manner to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. Federal regulators regularly assess the Bank s record of meeting the credit needs of its communities. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Applications for additional acquisitions would be affected by the evaluation of the Bank s effectiveness in meeting its CRA requirements. In a joint statement responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, the bank regulatory agencies announced favorable CRA consideration for banks providing retail banking services and lending activities in their assessment areas, consistent with safe and sound banking practices, that are responsive to the needs of low- and moderate-income individuals, small businesses, and small farms affected by the pandemic. Those activities include waiving certain fees, easing restrictions on out-of-state and non-customer checks, expanding credit products, increasing credit limits for creditworthy borrowers, providing alternative service options, and offering prudent payment accommodations. The joint statement also provided favorable CRA consideration for certain pandemic-related community development activities. 
 Anti-Money Laundering. The Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 USA PATRIOT Act is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for FDIC-insured institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA PATRIOT Act, along with other legal authority, mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii) money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between FDIC-insured institutions and law enforcement authorities. 
 Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate. Concentration risk exists when FDIC-insured institutions deploy too many assets to any one industry or segment. A concentration in commercial real estate is one example of regulatory concern. The interagency Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices guidance CRE Guidance provides supervisory criteria, including the following numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially significant commercial real estate loan concentrations that may warrant greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) commercial real estate loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 50 or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Guidance does not limit banks levels of commercial real estate lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the level and nature of their commercial real estate concentrations. On December 18, 2015, the federal banking agencies issued a statement to reinforce prudent risk-management practices related to CRE lending, having observed substantial growth in many CRE asset and lending markets, increased competitive pressures, rising CRE concentrations in banks, and an easing of CRE underwriting standards. The federal bank agencies reminded FDIC-insured institutions to maintain underwriting discipline and exercise prudent risk-management practices to identify, measure, monitor, and manage the risks arising from CRE lending. In addition, FDIC-insured institutions must maintain capital commensurate with the level and nature of their CRE concentration risk. 
 Based on the Bank s loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, it did not exceed the 300 guideline for commercial real estate loans nor did it exceed the 100 guideline for construction and land development loans. 
 Consumer Financial Services. The historical structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced operations to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all providers of consumer products and services, including the Bank, as well as the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The CFPB has examination and enforcement authority over providers with more than 10 billion in assets. FDIC-insured institutions with 10 billion or less in assets, like the Bank, continue to be examined by their applicable bank regulators. 
 Because abuses in connection with residential mortgages were a significant factor contributing to the financial crisis, many new rules issued by the CFPB and required by the Dodd-Frank Act addressed mortgage and mortgage-related products, their underwriting, origination, servicing and sales. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded underwriting requirements applicable to loans secured by 1-4 family residential real property and augmented federal law combating predatory lending practices. In addition to numerous disclosure requirements, the Dodd-Frank Act imposed new standards for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and savings associations, in an effort to strongly encourage lenders to verify a borrower s ability to repay, while also establishing a presumption of compliance for certain qualified mortgages. The Regulatory Relief Act provided relief in connection with mortgages for banks with assets of less than 10 billion, and, as a result, mortgages the Bank makes are now considered to be qualified mortgages if they are held in portfolio for the life of the loan. The CFPB has from time to time released additional rules as to qualified mortgages and the borrower s ability to repay, most recently in July of 2021. The CFPB s rules have not had a significant impact on the Bank s operations, except for higher compliance costs. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, stockholders or prospective investors should carefully consider the following risk factors: 
 Risks Relating to General Economic Conditions 
 A downturn in general economic or business conditions, nationally or in markets where our business is concentrated, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our success depends upon the business activity, population, employment rates, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in our markets in northern and central Indiana. Although our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond these market areas, adverse economic conditions that affect these market areas could reduce our growth rate, diminish the ability of our customers to repay their loans to us, decrease the value of any collateral securing our loans and generally adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, because of our geographic concentration, we are less able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 
 Monetary policies of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In the current environment, economic and business conditions are significantly affected by U.S. monetary policy, particularly the actions of the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest rates in an effort to fight elevated levels of inflation. The Federal Reserve is mandated to pursue the goals of maximum employment and price stability, and beginning in March 2022 it made a series of significant increases to the target Federal Funds rate as part of an effort to combat elevated levels of inflation affecting the U.S. economy, which is expected to continue in the near term. The significant increases to short-term interest rates has benefited our net interest income during 2022 due to loans repricing faster than deposits. However, the rising interest rate environment has negatively impacted the fair value of our investment securities portfolio, which had 215.3 million in net unrealized losses from available-for-sale investment securities at December 31, 2022. The investment securities net unrealized losses are recorded as a reduction of tangible equity and tangible book value per share. Higher interest rates can also negatively affect our customers businesses and financial condition, and the value of collateral securing loans in our portfolio. 
 Given the complex factors affecting the strength of the U.S. economy, including uncertainties regarding the persistence of inflation, geopolitical developments such as the war in Ukraine and resulting disruptions in the global energy market, the effects of the pandemic in China, tight labor market conditions and supply chain issues, there is a meaningful risk that the Federal Reserve and other central banks may raise interest rates too much. Restrictive monetary policies could limit economic growth and potentially cause an economic recession. As noted above, this could decrease loan demand, harm the credit characteristics of our existing loan portfolio and decrease the value of collateral securing loans in the portfolio. 
 Continued elevated levels of inflation could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 The United States has recently experienced elevated levels of inflation, with the consumer price index climbing 6.5 in 2022. Continued high levels of inflation could have complex effects on our business and results of operations, some of which could be materially adverse. For example, elevated inflation harms consumer purchasing power, which could negatively affect our retail customers and the economic environment and, ultimately, many of our business customers, and could also negatively affect our levels of non-interest expense. In addition, if interest rates continue to rise in response to elevated levels of inflation, the value of our securities portfolio would be negatively impacted. Continued elevated levels of inflation could also cause increased volatility and uncertainty in the business environment, which could adversely affect loan demand and our clients' ability to repay indebtedness. It is also possible that governmental responses to the current inflation environment could adversely affect our business, such as changes to monetary and fiscal policy that are too strict, or the imposition or threatened imposition of price controls. The duration and severity of the current inflationary period cannot be estimated with precision. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic could continue to have adverse effects on our business. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant economic impact on the communities in which we operate, our borrowers and depositors, and the national economy generally. These effects have diminished in the past year, but future developments and uncertainties will be difficult to predict, such as the potential emergence of a new variant, the course of the pandemic in China and other major economies, the persistence of pandemic-related work and lifestyle changes, changes in consumer preferences associated with the emergence of the pandemic, and other market disruptions. Any such developments could have a complex and negative effect on our business, including with respect to the prevailing economic environment, our lending and investment activities, and our business operations. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Labor shortages and failure to attract and retain qualified employees could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition . 
 A number of factors may adversely affect the labor force available to us or increase labor costs, including high employment levels, and decreased labor force size and participation rates. Although we have not experienced any material labor shortage to date, we have recently observed an overall tightening and competitive local labor market, especially for commercial lenders. As of December 31, 2022, Indiana's unemployment rate was 3.1 . A sustained labor shortage or increased turnover rates within our employee base could lead to increased costs, such as increased compensation expense to attract and retain employees. 
 In addition, if we are unable to hire and retain employees capable of performing at a high-level, or if mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability have unintended negative effects, our business could be adversely affected. An overall labor shortage, lack of skilled labor, increased turnover or labor inflation could have a material adverse impact on our operations, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. 
 Interest rate shifts may reduce net interest income and otherwise negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Shifts in short-term interest rates may reduce net interest income, which is the principal component of our earnings. Net interest income is the difference between the amounts received by us on our interest bearing assets and the interest paid by us on our interest bearing liabilities. When interest rates rise the rate of interest we pay on our liabilities may rise more quickly than the rate of interest that we receive on our interest bearing assets, which may cause our profits to decrease. Conversely, when interest rates fall our interest bearing assets generally reprice more quickly than our interest bearing liabilities, given our asset-sensitive balance sheet, which may cause our net interest income to decrease. The impact on earnings is more adverse when the slope of the yield curve flattens, i.e. when short-term interest rates increase more than corresponding changes in long-term interest rates or when long-term interest rates decrease more than corresponding changes in short-term interest rates. In addition, when competition for deposits increases and deposit costs rise more quickly than loan yields, net interest income may be negatively impacted. 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, which increase the potential for default. At the same time, the value and marketability of any underlying assets securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. In a declining interest rate environment, there may be an increase in prepayments on fixed rate loans, such as mortgages, as borrowers may seek to refinance these loans at lower rates. 
 Changes in interest rates also can affect the value of loans, securities and other assets. An increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal and interest on loans may lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Thus, an increase in the amount of nonperforming assets would have an adverse impact on net interest income. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 If we do not effectively manage our credit risk, we may experience increased levels of nonperforming loans, charge offs and delinquencies, which could require further increases in our provision for credit losses. 
 There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks inherent in dealing with individual borrowers, risks of nonpayment, risks resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and risks resulting from changes in economic and industry conditions. In general, these risks have increased as a result of the recent increases in prevailing interest rates and uncertainties associated with inflation, which have potentially increased the risk of a near-term decline in growth or an economic downturn. We cannot assure you that our loan application approval procedures, use of loan concentration limits, credit monitoring, use of independent reviews of outstanding loans or other procedures will reduce these credit risks. If the overall economic climate in the United States, generally, and our market areas, specifically, does not perform in the manner we expect, or even if it does, our borrowers may experience difficulties in repaying their loans, and the level of nonperforming loans, charge-offs and delinquencies could rise and require increases in the provision for credit losses, which would cause our net income and return on equity to decrease. 

16 

Table of Contents 

 If our allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to absorb losses that may occur in our loan portfolio, our financial condition and liquidity could suffer. 
 We establish our allowance for credit losses and maintain it at a level considered adequate by management to absorb expected credit losses within the portfolio. Allocations of the allowance are made for specific loans and for pools of similar types of loans, although the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management's judgment, should be charged against the allowance. Additions to the allowance for credit losses, which are charged to earnings through the provision for credit losses, are determined based on a variety of factors, including an analysis of the loan portfolio, historical loss experience and an evaluation of current economic conditions in our market areas. The actual amount of credit losses is affected by changes in economic, operating and other conditions within our markets, which may be beyond our control, and such losses may exceed current estimates. 
 At December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of total loans was 1.54 and as a percentage of total nonperforming loans was 425 . Because of the nature of our loan portfolio and our concentration in commercial and industrial loans, which tend to be larger loans, the movement of a small number of loans to nonperforming status can have a significant impact on these ratios. Although a formal evaluation of the adequacy of the credit loss allowance is conducted monthly, we cannot predict credit losses with certainty and we cannot provide assurance that our allowance for credit losses will prove sufficient to cover actual credit losses in the future. Credit losses in excess of our reserves may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Commercial and industrial loans make up a significant portion of our loan portfolio. 
 Commercial and industrial loans were 1.493 billion, or approximately 32 of our total loan portfolio, as of December 31, 2022. Commercial and industrial loans are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of lending. Because payments on such loans are often dependent on the successful operation of the borrower involved, repayment of such loans is o ften more sensitive than other types of loans to adverse conditions in the general economy. For example, the cumulative effects of changes in the economy and overall business environment, labor availability shortages and supply chain constraints have adversely affected commercial and industrial loans, and we expect this trend to continue for certain portions of our loan portfolio, particularly if general economic conditions worsen. 
 Negative economic trends can also harm the value of security for our commercial and industrial loans. These loans are primarily made based on the identified cash flow of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. Most often, this collateral is accounts receivable, inventory, machinery or real estate. As a result of the recent increase in interest rates and other factors, we have observed a corresponding decline in the value of commercial real estate securing these loans. In the case of loans secured by accounts receivable, the availability of funds for the repayment of these loans may be substantially dependent on the ability of the borrower to collect amounts due from its customers, which could decline in the case of an economic recession. 
 The collateral securing other loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Due to the larger average size of each commercial loan as compared with other loans such as residential loans, as well as collateral that is generally less readily-marketable, losses incurred on a small number of commercial loans could adversely affect our business, results of operations and growth prospects. Historically, the Bank's largest charge offs have been in this segment of the loan portfolio. 
 Our loan portfolio includes commercial real estate loans, which involve risks specific to real estate value. 
 Commercial real estate loans were 2.179 billion, or approximately 46 of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of interest rates and market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located, and, as a general matter, some of these values have been significantly and negatively affected by the recent rise in prevailing interest rates. 
 Although a significant portion of such loans are secured by real estate as a secondary form of collateral, these developments and any future adverse developments affecting real estate values in one or more of our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio. Additionally, real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of the loans generally is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. Economic events or governmental regulations outside of the control of the borrower or lender could negatively impact the future cash flow and market values of the affected properties. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled and the value of the real estate has been significantly impaired, then we may not be able to recover the full contractual amount of principal and interest that we anticipated at the time of originating the loan, which could cause us to increase our provision for credit losses and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Our loan portfolio has a notable concentration in agri-business, which has a higher level of uncontrolled risk. 
 Our agri-business loans, which totaled 432.1 million, or approximately 9 of our total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, are subject to risks outside of our or the borrower s control. Although our agriculture portfolio is well-diversified, the risks, specific to the agricultural industry, include decreases in livestock and crop prices, increases in labor and input prices, increase in stockpiles of agricultural commodities, the strength of the U.S. dollar, the potential impact of tariffs and other trade restrictions on commodities and the nature of climate and weather conditions. To the extent these or other factors affect the performance or financial condition of our agri-business borrowers, our results of operations and financial performance could suffer. 
 Our consumer loans generally have a higher degree of risk of default than our other loans. 
 At December 31, 2022, consumer loans totaled 88.1 million, or 2 of our total loan portfolio. Consumer loans typically have shorter terms and lower balances with higher yields as compared to commercial loans, but generally carry higher risks of default. Consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be affected by adverse personal circumstances. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount which can be recovered on these loans. 
 Nonperforming assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and could result in further losses in the future. 
 Our nonperforming assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We do not record interest income on nonaccrual loans or other real estate owned, which adversely affects our net income and returns on assets and equity, increases our loan administration costs and adversely affects our efficiency ratio. When we take collateral in foreclosure and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the collateral to its current fair market value at the time of transfer, which may result in a loss. These nonperforming loans and other real estate owned also increase our risk profile and our regulatory capital requirements may increase in light of such risks. The resolution of nonperforming assets requires significant time commitments from management and can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. If we experience increases in nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets, our net interest income and provision expense may be negatively impacted and our loan administration costs could increase, each of which could have an adverse effect on our net income and related ratios, such as return on assets and equity. 
 Liquidity risks could affect operations and jeopardize our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial, negative effect on our liquidity. Our primary sources of funds consist of deposits, cash from operations and investment security maturities and sales. Additional liquidity is provided by brokered deposits, CD Option of IntraFi Network Deposits CD Option , formerly known as CDARS), American Financial Exchange overnight borrowings, IntraFi Network s insured cash sweep program. We are able to borrow from several federal funds lines at correspondent banks and are eligible borrowers from the Federal Reserve and the Federal Home Loan Bank (the FHLB subject to collateral availability. At December 31, 2022, 995.3 million of unpledged investment securities were eligible to serve as collateral for liquidity availability at FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities or on terms that are acceptable to us could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. In addition, increased competition with banks and credit unions in our fooprint, brokerage firms and online deposit gatherers for retail deposits may impact our ability to raise funds through deposits and could have a negative effect on our liquidity. For example, as customer deposit levels have decreased over the past year, we have observed that our sensitivity to rising deposits costs has increased as competition for deposits has risen. 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, purchase investment securities, meet our expense obligations, pay dividends to our stockholders, or fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Any action or steps to change coverages or eliminate Indiana s Public Deposit Insurance Fund could require us to find alternative, higher-cost funding sources to replace public fund deposits or to provide for collateralization of these deposits. 
 At December 31, 2022 , appro ximately 26 of our deposits are concentrated in public funds from a small number of municipalities and government agencies located in the Bank s geographic footprint. A shift in funding away from public fund deposits would impact liquidity availability and could increase our cost of funds, as the alternate funding sources, such as brokered certificates of deposit, can be higher-cost, are less favorable deposits and could require additional collateral to be pledged. The inability to maintain these public funds on deposit could result in a material adverse effect on the Bank s liquidity and could materially impact our ability to grow and remain profitable. 
 Declines in asset values may result in impairment charges and adversely affect the value of our investment securities, financial performance and capital. 
 We maintain an investment securities portfolio that includes, but is not limited to, mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities. The market value of these investment securities may be affected by factors other than the underlying performance of the servicer of the securities or the mortgages underlying the securities, such as changes in the interest rate environment, negative trends in the residential and commercial real estate markets, ratings downgrades, adverse changes in the business climate and a lack of liquidity in the secondary market for certain investment securities. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate investment securities and other assets for credit and other impairment indicators. We may be required to record additional credit reserve charges if our investment securities suffer a decline in fair value that has resulted from credit losses or other factors. If we determine that a significant reserve is needed, we would be required to charge against earnings the credit-related portion, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the periods in which the write-offs occur. In addition, we may determine to sell securities in our available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, and any such sale could cause us to realize currently unrealized losses that resulted from the recent increases in the prevailing interest rates. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the discontinuance of LIBOR as a short-term interest rate utilized for loans and other financing agreements. 
 In July 2017, the Financial Conduct Authority (the authority that regulates LIBOR) announced it intended to stop compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR after 2021. In March 2021, the ICE Benchmark Administration, which administers LIBOR, announced that it would stop publishing all LIBOR tenors by June 30, 2023. The Alternative Reference Rates Committee ("ARRC") has proposed that the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") is the rate that represents best practice as the alternative to USD-LIBOR for use in derivatives and other financial contracts that are currently indexed to USD-LIBOR. ARRC has proposed a paced market transition plan to SOFR from USD-LIBOR and organizations are continuing to work on industry-wide and company-specific transition plans as it relates to derivatives and cash markets exposed to USD-LIBOR. The Company has material contracts that are indexed to USD-LIBOR and is monitoring this activity and evaluating the related risks. This includes identifying outstanding USD-LIBOR-based loans without ARRC recommended fallback language, internal training and education, and working with our core provider to ensure proper integration once an alternative reference is implemented. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 95 commercial loans with an outstanding balance of 460.6 million to transition from a USD-LIBOR index. The Company has formed a cross-functional project team to lead the transition from LIBOR to adoption of alternative reference rates which include SOFR, CME Term SOFR, American Interbank Offered Rate , and Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Index. Management is monitoring ARRC publications for best practices as the Company transitions legacy LIBOR loans by the June 30, 2023 deadline. 
 Risks Relating to Our Corporate Strategy 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future to achieve our growth plans, but that capital may not be available when it is needed. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Accordingly, we may need to raise additional capital to support our future growth plans. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot make assurances of our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. In particular, if we were required to raise additional capital in the current interest rate environment, we believe the pricing and other terms investors may require in such an offering may not be attractive to use. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition and our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth or acquisitions could be materially impaired. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We may experience difficulties in managing our growth, and our growth strategy involves risks that may negatively impact our net income. 
 In addition to our continuing expansion in Indianapolis and larger cities in Northern Indiana, we may expand into additional communities or attempt to strengthen our position in our current markets through opportunistic acquisitions of all or part of other financial institutions, or by opening new branches in or within two hours of our contiguous geographic footprint. To the extent that we undertake acquisitions or new branch openings, we are likely to experience the effects of higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations, which may have an adverse effect on our levels of reported net income, return on average equity and return on average assets. Other effects of engaging in such growth strategies may include potential diversion of our management s time and attention and general disruption to our business. 
 To the extent that we grow through acquisitions and branch openings, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately and profitably manage this growth. Acquiring other banks and businesses will involve similar risks to those commonly associated with branching but may also involve additional risks, including: 
 potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire; 
 exposure to potential asset quality issues of the acquired bank or related business; 
 difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of banks and businesses we acquire; and 
 the possible loss of key employees and customers of the banks and businesses we acquire. 
 We face intense competition in all phases of our business from other banks, financial institutions and nonbank financial service providers. 
 The banking and financial services business in our market is highly competitive. Our competitors include large national, regional and local community banks, credit unions, Fintech and nonbank financial service providers, securities and brokerage companies, mortgage companies, insurance companies, finance companies, money market mutual funds and farm credit services. Many of these competitors are not subject to the same operating costs or regulatory restrictions as we are and are able to provide customers with a feasible alternative to traditional banking services. 
 Increased competition may also result in a decrease in the amounts of our loans and deposits, reduced spreads between loan rates and deposit rates or loan terms that are more favorable to the borrower, particularly in the case of incremental loan growth. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow and remain profitable. If increased competition causes us to significantly discount the interest rates we offer on loans or increase the amount we pay on deposits, our net interest income could be adversely impacted. If increased competition causes us to relax our underwriting standards, we could be exposed to higher losses from lending activities. Moreover, we rely on deposits to be a low-cost source of funding, and a loss in our deposit base could cause us to incur higher funding costs from wholesale funding sources. 
 The financial services industry is constantly undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. We invest from time to time in investment funds that seek to promote the development of such new and emerging financial technologies. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively incorporate, or otherwise benefit from, such developments. 
 Additionally, many of our competitors are much larger in total assets and capitalization, have greater access to capital markets, possess larger lending limits and offer a broader range of financial services than we can offer. 
 Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us in the future. 
 We expect that other banking and financial service companies, many of which have significantly greater resources than we do, will compete with us in acquiring other financial institutions if we pursue such acquisitions. This competition could increase prices for potential acquisitions that we believe are attractive. Also, acquisitions are subject to various regulatory approvals. If we fail to receive the appropriate regulatory approvals, we will not be able to consummate an acquisition that we believe is in our best interests. Among other things, our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance and levels of goodwill and intangibles when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. Any acquisition could be dilutive to our earnings and stockholders equity per share of our common stock. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Relating to Regulation, Tax and Accounting 
 We may be materially and adversely affected by the highly regulated environment in which we operate. 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision and examination. A more detailed description of the primary federal and state banking laws and regulations that affect us is contained in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K captioned Supervision and Regulation . Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, FDIC funds, customers and the banking system as a whole, rather than our shareholders. These regulations affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and growth, among other things. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to extensive regulation and supervision and undergo periodic examinations by our regulators, who have extensive discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law by banks and bank holding companies. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties and/or damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Although we have policies and procedures designed to mitigate the risk of any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. 
 The laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies and interpretations governing us are constantly evolving and may change significantly over time. For example, on July 21, 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law, which significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act, together with the regulations to be developed thereunder, includes provisions affecting large and small financial institutions alike, including several provisions that affect how community banks, thrifts and small bank and thrift holding companies operate. In addition, the Federal Reserve, in recent years, has adopted numerous new regulations addressing banks overdraft and mortgage lending practices. Further, the CFPB has broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws, and additional consumer protection legislation and regulatory activity is anticipated in the near future, including with respect to fees charged by banks and other financial companies. Any enforcement actions or other rule making in these areas could negatively affect our business and our ability to maintain or grow levels of noninterest income. 
 These provisions, as well as any other aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to the financial industry, may impact the profitability of our business activities and may change certain of our business practices, including our ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans and achieve satisfactory interest spreads and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. 
 Regulations of the Federal Reserve could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results. 
 An important function of the Federal Reserve is to regulate the money supply and credit conditions. Among the instruments used by the Federal Reserve to implement these objectives are open market operations in U.S. government securities, adjustments of the discount rate and changes in reserve requirements against bank deposits. These instruments are used in varying combinations to influence overall economic growth and the distribution of credit, bank loans, investments and deposits. Their use also affects interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 The monetary policies and regulations of the Federal Reserve have had a significant effect on the operating results of commercial banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. The effects of such policies upon our business, financial condition and results of operations cannot be predicted. 
 We are required to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, and, if we fail to maintain sufficient capital, whether due to losses, an inability to raise additional capital or otherwise, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our ability to maintain regulatory compliance, would be adversely affected. 
 The Company, on a consolidated basis, and the Bank, on a stand-alone basis, must meet certain regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. We face significant capital and other regulatory requirements as a financial institution, which were heightened with the implementation of the Basel III Rule and the phase-in of capital conservation buffer requirement. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 We may be subject to a higher consolidated effective tax rate if there is a change in tax laws relating to LCB Investments II, Inc. or if LCB Funding, Inc. fails to qualify as a real estate investment trust. 
 The Bank holds certain investment securities in its wholly owned subsidiary LCB Investments II, Inc., which is incorporated in Nevada. Pursuant to the State of Indiana s current tax laws and regulations, we are not subject to Indiana income tax for income earned through that subsidiary. If there are changes in Indiana s tax laws or interpretations thereof requiring us to pay state taxes for income generated by LCB Investments II, Inc., the resulting tax consequences could increase our effective tax rate or cause us to have a tax liability for prior years. 
 The Bank also holds certain commercial real estate loans, residential real estate loans and other loans in a real estate investment trust through LCB Investments II, Inc., which is incorporated in Maryland. Qualification as a real estate investment trust involves application of specific provisions of the Internal Revenue Code relating to various asset tests. If LCB Funding, Inc. fails to meet any of the required provisions for real estate investment trusts, it could no longer qualify as a real estate investment trust and the resulting tax consequences would increase our effective tax rate or cause us to have a tax liability for prior years. Additionally, changes to the State of Indiana's current tax laws and regulations for real estate investment trust income disallowance could increase our effective tax rate or cause us to have a tax liability for prior years. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are the basis for how we prepare our consolidated financial statements and how we report our financial condition and results of operations, and they require management to make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods in order to ensure they comply with GAAP and reflect management s judgment as to the most appropriate manner in which to record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which might be reasonable under the circumstances. The application of that chosen accounting policy or method might result in the Company reporting different amounts than would have been reported under a different alternative. If management s estimates or assumptions are incorrect, the Company may experience material losses. 
 Management has identified one accounting policy as being critical to the presentation of the Company s financial condition and results of operations because it requires management to make particularly subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. This critical accounting policy relates to the allowance for credit losses. Because of the inherent uncertainty of this estimate, no assurance can be given that the application of alternative policies or methods might not result in the reporting of a different amount of the allowance for credit losses and, accordingly, net income. 
 From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards or the interpretation of those standards that govern the preparation of our external financial statements. In addition, trends in financial and business reporting, including environmental, social and governance (ESG) related disclosures, could require us to incur additional reporting expense. These changes are beyond our control, can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how we report our financial condition and results of operations. Changes in these standards are continuously occurring, and given the current economic environment, more drastic changes may occur. The implementation of such changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may experience increases to, and volatility in, the balance of the allowance for credit losses and related provision expense due to the adoption of the Current Expected Credit Loss ("CECL") methodology. 
 We adopted CECL, effective as of January 1, 2021, following the delayed adoption period permitted by the CARES Act and extended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. The CECL methodology requires measurement of anticipated credit losses to occur when a financial asset is first added to the balance sheet and periodically thereafter. These measurements require significant use of management judgments as well as forward-looking information and forecasts. Any failure of these judgments or forecasts to be correct could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition . 

22 

Table of Contents 

 We may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. tax laws and regulations. 
 Any change in federal or state tax laws or regulations, including any increase in the federal corporate income tax rate from the current level of 21 , could negatively affect our business and results of operations, including as a result of our income tax expense and any impact to the profitability of our loan customers. 
 Risks Relating to our Operations 
 Our ability to attract and retain management and key personnel and any damage to our reputation may affect future growth and earnings. 
 Much of our success and growth has been influenced strongly by our ability to attract and retain management experienced in banking and financial services and familiar with the communities in our market areas. Our ability to retain the executive officers, management teams, branch managers and loan officers at the Bank will continue to be important to the successful implementation of our strategy. It is also critical, as we grow, to be able to attract and retain qualified additional management and loan officers with the appropriate level of experience and knowledge about our market areas to implement our community-based operating strategy. The unexpected loss of services of any key management personnel, or the inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel in the future, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, our business depends on earning and maintaining the trust of our customers and communities. Harm to our reputation could arise from numerous sources, including employee misconduct, compliance failures, litigation or our failure to deliver appropriate levels of service. If any events or circumstances occur which could undermine our reputation, there can be no assurance that the additional costs and expenses we may incur as a result would not have an adverse impact on our business. 
 We have a continuing need to adapt to technological change and we may not have the resources to effectively implement new technology. 
 The financial services industry is constantly undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to better serving customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend in part upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands for convenience as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations as we continue to grow and expand our market areas. Many of our larger competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. As a result, they may be able to offer additional or superior products to those that we will be able to offer, which would put us at a competitive disadvantage. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing such products and services to our customers. 
 The Company s information systems may experience an interruption or breach in security and cyber-attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 
 The Company relies heavily on internal and outsourced technologies, communications, and information systems to conduct its business, particularly with respect to our core processing provider and our digital banking provider. Additionally, in the normal course of business, the Company collects, processes and retains sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers. As the Company s reliance on technology has increased, so have the potential risks of a technology-related operation interruption (such as disruptions in the Company s core provider, general ledger, deposit, loan, digital banking or other systems) or the occurrence of a cyber-attack (such as unauthorized access to the Company s systems). These risks have increased for all financial institutions as new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others have increased. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against financial institutions, particularly denial of service attacks, which are designed to disrupt key business services, such as customer-facing web sites and social engineering attacks that could influence an employee of the Company to click on a link that downloads malware or ransomware to the Company s system. The Company is not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. In addition, it is possible that we may not be able to detect security breaches on a timely basis, or at all, which could increase the costs and risks associated with any such breach. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 The Company also faces risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit card and debit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding the Company s customers through various third parties, including merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, payment card networks and its processors. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that the Company does not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact the Company through no fault of its own, and in some cases it may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. In addition, the Company offers its customers protection against fraud and certain losses for unauthorized use of debit cards in order to stay competitive with other financial institutions. Offering such protection exposes the Company to losses that could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Further cyber-attacks or other breaches in the future, whether affecting the Company or others, could intensify consumer concern and regulatory focus and result in reduced use of payment cards and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. To the extent we are involved in any future cyber-attacks or other breaches, the Company s reputation could be affected, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain operational risks, including, but not limited to, customer or employee fraud and data processing system failures and errors. 
 Employee errors and misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding their own unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of our customers or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee errors and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee errors could also subject us to financial claims for negligence, among others. 
 In addi tion, as a bank, we are susceptible to fraudulent activity that may be committed against us, third parties or our clients, which may result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of our information or our client information, misappropriation of assets, privacy breaches against our clients, litigation or damage to our reputation. Such fraudulent activity may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. For example, as previously disclosed, in the third quarter of 2019, the Bank discovered potentially fraudulent activity by a former treasury management client involving multiple banks. In the context of resulting bankruptcy proceedings involving the former client, the liquidating trustee has filed a complaint against the Bank, focused on a series of business transactions among the former client, related entities and the Bank. 
 We maintain a system of internal controls and insurance coverage to mitigate operational risks, including data processing system failures and errors, cyber-attacks, and customer or employee fraud. Should our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured or exceeds applicable insurance limits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The Company is or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. 
 Many aspects of our business and operations involve the risk of legal liability, and in some cases we or our subsidiaries have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities. In addition, companies in our industry are frequently the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings. The results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business, or reputational harm. 
 Although we establish accruals for legal proceedings when information related to the loss contingencies represented by those matters indicates both that a loss is probable and that the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, we do not have accruals for all legal proceedings where we face a risk of loss. In addition, due to the inherent subjectivity of the assessments and unpredictability of the outcome of legal proceedings, amounts accrued may not represent the ultimate loss to us from the legal proceedings in question. Accordingly, our ultimate losses may be higher, and possibly significantly so, than the amounts accrued for legal loss contingencies, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 We have no unresolved SEC staff comments. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The Company is headquartered in the main office building of the Bank at 202 E. Center Street, Warsaw, Indiana 46580. The Company operates in 59 locations, 51 of which are owned by the Bank and eight of which are leased from third parties. 
 None of the Company s real property assets are the subject of any material encumbrances. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Lakeland Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries are subject in the normal course of business to various pending and threatened legal proceedings and other matters in which claims for monetary damages are asserted. On an ongoing basis management, after consultation with legal counsel, assesses the Company's liabilities and contingencies in connection with such proceedings. For those matters where it is probable that the Company will incur losses and the amounts of the losses can be reasonably estimated, the Company records an expense and corresponding liability in its consolidated financial statements. To the extent the pending or threatened litigation could result in exposure in excess of that liability, the amount of such excess is not currently estimable. Although the Company does not believe that the outcome of pending legal matters will be material to the Company's consolidated financial position, it cannot rule out the possibility that such outcomes will be material to the consolidated results of operations for a particular reporting period in the future. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The quarterly high and low prices for the Company s common stock and the cash dividends declared and paid on that common stock are set forth in the table below. 
 2022 2021 High Low Cash Dividend High Low Cash Dividend Fourth quarter 83.57 71.37 0.40 80.77 69.51 0.34 Third quarter 81.27 64.05 0.40 73.04 56.06 0.34 Second quarter 79.14 64.84 0.40 70.25 57.02 0.34 First quarter 85.71 72.78 0.40 77.05 53.02 0.34 
 
 The common stock of the Company was first quoted on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol LKFN on August 14, 1997. Currently, the Company s common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol LKFN. On February 15, 2023, the Company had approximately 310 stockholders of record. 
 The Company paid dividends on its common stock as set forth in the table above. The Company s ability to pay dividends to stockholders is largely dependent upon the dividends it receives from the Bank, and the Bank is subject to regulatory limitations on the amount of cash dividends it may pay. See Supervision and Regulation Dividend Payments for additional information. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The table below sets forth the following information as of December 31, 2022 for (i) all compensation plans previously approved by the Company s stockholders and (ii) all compensation plans not previously approved by the Company s stockholders: 
 (a) the number of securities to be issued upon the exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights; 
 (b) the weighted-average exercise price of such outstanding options, warrants and rights; and 
 (c) other than securities to be issued upon the exercise of such outstanding options, warrants and rights, the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under the plans. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 0 0 387,388 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 0 0 0 Total 0 0 387,388 
 
 (1) Lakeland Financial Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan was adopted on April 12, 2017 by the board of directors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return of the Company, the Nasdaq Market Index, the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index, and the S P U.S. BMI Banks Index. 
 
 Lakeland Financial Corporation 

Period Ending Index 12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Lakeland Financial Corporation 100.00 84.59 105.73 119.00 181.75 169.03 NASDAQ Composite Index 100.00 97.16 132.81 192.47 235.15 158.65 SNL U.S. Bank NASDAQ Index 100.00 82.29 112.01 100.46 138.97 109.23 S P U.S. BMI Banks Index 100.00 83.54 114.74 100.10 136.10 112.89 
 
 The above returns assume that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 On January 8, 2019, the Company's board of directors approved a share repurchase program, under which the Company is authorized to repurchase, from time to time as the Company deems appropriate, shares of the Company's common stock with an aggregate purchase price of up to 30 million. Repurchases may be made in the open market, through block trades or otherwise, and in privately negotiated transactions. On April 13, 2021, the Company's board of directors reauthorized and extended the share repurchase program through April 30, 2023. As extended, the repurchase program has an aggregate purchase price cap of 30 million. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares, and the program may be extended, modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. There were no repurchases under this plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides information about purchases by the Company and its affiliates during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Appropriate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 10/01/22 - 10/31/22 0 0.00 0 19,998,273 11/01/22 - 11/30/22 909 81.81 0 19,998,273 12/01/22 - 12/31/22 0 0.00 0 19,998,273 Total 909 81.81 0 19,998,273 
 The shares purchased during the quarter were credited to the deferred share accounts of non-employee directors under the Company s directors deferred compensation plan. These shares are held in treasury stock of the Company and were purchased in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice. 
 
 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 The information previously required by Item 6 of this Form 10-K has been intentionally omitted, as permitted by the SEC in connection with its adoption of its final rules regarding the amendments to modernize, simplify, and enhance identified disclosure requirements of registrants. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Net income in 2022 was 103.8 million, up 8.4 from 95.7 million in 2021. Net income for 2021 was 13.5 higher than 84.3 million in 2020. 
 Diluted net income per common share was 4.04 in 2022, 3.74 in 2021 and 3.30 in 2020. Return on average total assets was 1.62 in 2022 versus 1.56 in 2021 and 1.55 in 2020. Return on average total equity was 17.40 in 2022 versus 14.19 in 2021 and 13.51 in 2020. The dividend payout ratio, with respect to diluted earnings per share, was 39.60 in 2022, 36.36 in 2021 and 36.36 in 2020. The average equity to average assets ratio was 9.28 in 2022 compared to 10.96 in 2021 and 11.51 in 2020. 
 Net income in 2022 was positively impacted by a 24.8 million increase in net interest income. Offsetting these positive impacts were a 5.9 million increase in noninterest expense, a 2.9 million decrease in noninterest income, and an 8.3 million increase in provision for credit losses. 
 Net income in 2021 was positively impacted by a 15.1 million increase in net interest income and a 13.7 million decrease in provision for credit losses. Offsetting these positive impacts were a 13.1 million increase in noninterest expense and a 2.1 million decrease in noninterest income. 
 Total assets were 6.432 billion as of December 31, 2022 versus 6.557 billion as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 125.0 million or 1.9 . Early in 2022, the Company deployed 250.0 million of excess liquidity to the investment securities portfolio. Loan growth of 422.6 million during 2022 was funded by cash and cash equivalents as well as deposits. During the fourth quarter, deposit outflows from commercial and retail depositors contributed to the decline in deposits of 274.8 million during 2022. Borrowings increased 222.0 million during 2022. The increase was due to a 297.0 million increase in short-term borrowings at December 31, 2022, offset by the payoff of a 75.0 million long-term FHLB advance outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 Total investment securities decreased 84.8 million during the year. The decrease was driven primarily by a decrease in market value of available-for-sale securities as a result of the increased rate environment driven by the Federal Reserve's monetary tightening policy. The decrease in fair value of available-for-sale investment securities was 236.9 million for the year 2022, from an unrealized gain position of 21.6 million at December 31, 2021 to an unrealized loss position of 215.3 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, the Company elected to transfer securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity as an overall balance sheet management strategy in 2022. The fair value of securities transferred during the second quarter of 2022 was 127.0 million, with 24.4 million in unrealized losses recorded in accumulated comprehensive income (loss) to be amortized over the remaining life of the securities transferred. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Certain of the Company s accounting policies are important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition, since they require management to make difficult, complex or subjective judgments, some of which may relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. Estimates associated with these policies are susceptible to material changes as a result of changes in facts and circumstances. Some of the facts and circumstances which could affect these judgments include changes in interest rates, in the performance of the economy or in the financial condition of borrowers. Management believes that its critical accounting policies include determining the allowance for credit losses. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company maintains an allowance for credit losses to provide for expected credit losses. Losses are charged against the allowance when management believes that the principal is uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. Allocations of the allowance are made for specific loans and for pools of similar types of loans, although the entire allowance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged against the allowance. A provision for credit losses is taken based on management s ongoing evaluation of the appropriate allowance balance. A formal evaluation of the adequacy of the credit loss allowance is conducted monthly. The ultimate recovery of all loans is susceptible to future market factors beyond the Company s control. 
 The level of credit loss provision is influenced by growth in the overall loan portfolio, emerging market risk, emerging concentration risk, commercial loan focus and large credit concentration, new industry lending activity, general economic 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 conditions and historical loss analysis. In addition, management gives consideration to changes in the facts and circumstances of watch list credits, which includes the security position of the borrower, in determining the appropriate level of the credit loss provision. Furthermore, management s overall view on credit quality is a factor in the determination of the provision. 
 The determination of the appropriate allowance is inherently subjective, as it requires significant estimates by management. The Company has an established process to determine the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses that generally includes consideration of changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio and overall portfolio quality, along with current and forecasted economic conditions that may affect borrowers ability to repay. Consideration is not limited to these factors although they represent the most commonly cited factors. To determine the specific allocation levels for individual credits, management considers the current valuation of collateral and the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows as the primary measures. Management also considers trends in adversely classified loans based upon an ongoing review of those credits. With respect to pools of similar loans, an appropriate level of general allowance is determined by portfolio segment using a probability of default-loss given default PD/LGD model, subject to a floor. A default can be triggered by one of several different asset quality factors, including past due status, nonaccrual status, material modification to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty or if the loan has had a charge-off. This PD is then combined with a LGD derived from historical charge-off data to construct a default rate. This loss rate is then supplemented with adjustments for reasonable and supportable forecasts of relevant economic indicators, particularly the unemployment rate forecast from the Federal Open Market Committee s Summary of Economic Projections, and other environmental factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. These environmental factors include consideration of the following: levels of, and trends in, delinquencies and nonperforming loans; trends in volume and terms of loans; changes in collateral strength; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedure, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentrations. It is also possible that these factors could include social, political, economic, and terrorist events or activities. All of these factors are susceptible to change, which may be significant. As a result of this detailed process, the allowance results in two forms of allocations, specific and general. These two components represent the total allowance for credit losses deemed adequate to cover expected losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 Commercial loans are subject to a dual standardized grading process administered by the credit administration function. These grade assignments are performed independent of each other and a consensus is reached by credit administration and the loan officer. Specific allowances are established in cases where management has identified significant conditions or circumstances related to an individual credit that indicate it should be evaluated on an individual basis. Considerations with respect to specific allocations for these individual credits include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) the sufficiency of the customer s cash flow or net worth to repay the loan; (b) the adequacy of the discounted value of collateral relative to the loan balance; (c) whether the loan has been criticized in a regulatory examination; (d) whether the loan is nonperforming; (e) any other reasons the ultimate collectability of the loan may be in question; or (f) any unique loan characteristics that require special monitoring. 
 Allocations are also applied to categories of loans considered not to be individually analyzed, but for which the rate of loss is expected to be consistent with or greater than historical averages. Such allocations are based on past loss experience and information about specific borrower situations and estimated collateral values. These general pooled loan allocations are performed for portfolio segments of commercial and industrial; commercial real estate, multi-family, and construction; agri-business and agricultural; other commercial loans; and consumer 1-4 family mortgage and other consumer loans. General allocations of the allowance are determined by a historical loss rate based on the calculation of each pool s probability of default-loss given default, subject to a floor. The length of the historical period for each pool is based on the average life of the pool. The historical loss rates are supplemented with consideration of economic conditions and portfolio trends. 
 Due to the imprecise nature of estimating the allowance for credit losses, the Company s allowance for credit losses includes an unallocated component. The unallocated component of the allowance for credit losses incorporates the Company s judgmental determination of potential expected losses that may not be fully reflected in other allocations. As a practical expedient, the Company has elected to state accrued interest separately from loan principal balances on the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, when a loan is placed on non-accrual, interest payments are reversed through interest income. 
 For off balance sheet credit exposures outlined in the ASU at 326-20-30-11, it is the Company s position that nearly all of the unfunded amounts on lines of credit are unconditionally cancellable, and therefore not subject to having a liability recorded. 
 The allowance is inherently uncertain as it represents the Company s expectation of the future collectability of loans in its portfolio; actual collections may be greater than or less than expectations. Actual collections may be impacted by wider economic conditions such as changes in the competitive environment or in the levels of business investment or consumer 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 spending, or by the quality of borrowers management teams and the success of their strategy execution. Borrowers ability to repay may also change due to the effects of government monetary or fiscal policy, which could affect the level of demand for borrowers products or services. 
 The Company s allowance for credit losses is subject to changes in the inputs to the model, including the following: the number of delinquent loans, nonaccrual loans, material modification due to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty, or charge offs; the levels of charge offs and recoveries; projected unemployment rates and other economic indicators; the Company s collateral position on adversely classified loans; or management s qualitative judgment of the implication of trends in its loan portfolio or in the broader economy. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 In 2022, the Company continued to grow loans organically in its geographic footprint of northern Indiana and in central Indiana in the Indianapolis market. The Company had 52 branches as of December 31, 2022. The Company s net interest income was positively affected by the monetary tightening policy of the Federal Reserve during 2022. The rise in short-term interest rates and loan growth were the primary drivers of the 13.9 increase in net interest income for 2022. The increase in net interest income was the primary driver for the 8.4 increase in net income of 8.1 million, as noninterest expense increased 5.7 , noninterest income decreased 6.4 and the provision for credit losses increased 770.5 . Asset quality metrics remained stable with watch list loans as a percentage of total loans at a historic low of 3.42 . Fee based lines of business including treasury management services, commercial loan fees, interchange fee income and merchant interchange fee income positively contributed to growth in noninterest income. Overall, expense growth has reflected the Company's continued investment in people, technology and our branch infrastructure. The outlook for 2023 includes plans for continued loan growth, disciplined credit philosophy, continued investments in human capital, enhancements to the Lake City Bank digital platform, and targeted expansion of our branch network in the Indianapolis market with two new offices planned in the next 18 months. 
 Selecte d income statement information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is presented in the following table. 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Income Statement Summary: Net interest income 202,887 178,088 163,008 Provision for credit losses 9,375 1,077 14,770 Noninterest income 41,862 44,720 46,843 Noninterest expense 110,210 104,287 91,205 Other Data: Efficiency ratio (1) 45.03 46.81 43.46 Dilutive EPS 4.04 3.74 3.30 Total equity 568,887 704,906 657,184 Tangible capital ratio (2) 8.79 10.70 11.21 Adjusted tangible capital ratio (3) 11.30 10.47 10.78 Net charge-offs to average loans 0.10 0.09 0.09 Net interest margin 3.40 3.07 3.19 Net interest margin excluding PPP loans (4) 3.40 2.95 3.19 Noninterest income to total revenue 17.10 20.07 22.32 Pretax Pre-Provision Earnings (5) 134,539 118,521 118,646 
 
 (1) Noninterest expense/Net interest income plus Noninterest income. 
 (2) Non-GAAP financial measure. Calculated by subtracting intangible assets, net of deferred tax, from total assets and total equity. Management believes this is an important measure because it is useful for planning and forecasting purposes. See reconciliation on the next page. 
 (3) Non-GAAP financial measure. Calculated by removing the fair market value adjustment impact of the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio from tangible equity and tangible assets. Management believes this is an important measure because it provides better comparability to prior periods. See reconciliation on the next page. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 (4) Non-GAAP financial measure. Calculated by subtracting the impact PPP loans had on average earnings assets, loan interest income, average interest bearing liabilities, and interest expense. Management believes this is an important measure because it provide for better comparability to prior periods, given the expectation that PPP represents a limited governmental intervention in the lending market, designed to support small businesses through the pandemic, its low fixed interest rate of 1.0 and because the accretion of net loan fee income can be accelerated upon borrower forgiveness and repayment by the SBA. Management is actively monitoring net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis with and without PPP loan impact for the duration of this program. See reconciliation on the next page. 
 (5) Non-GAAP financial measure. Pretax pre-provision earnings is calculated by adding net interest income to noninterest income and subtracting noninterest expense. Management believes this is an important measure because it may enable investors to identify the trends in the Company's earnings exclusive of the effects of tax and provision expense, which may vary significantly from period to period. See reconciliation on the next page. 
 The Company believes that providing non-GAAP financial measures provides investors with information useful to understanding the company's financial performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided below (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 
 A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures is provided below (dollars in thousands, except per share data). 
 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Total Equity 568,887 704,906 657,184 Less: Goodwill (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) Plus: Deferred Tax Assets Related to Goodwill 1,167 1,176 1,176 Tangible Common Equity 565,084 701,112 653,390 AOCI Market Value Adjustment 188,154 (17,056) (29.182) Adjusted Tangible Common Equity 753,238 684,056 653,361 Assets 6,432,371 6,557,323 5,830,435 Less: Goodwill (4,970) (4,970) (4,970) Plus: Deferred Tax Assets Related to Goodwill 1,167 1,176 1,176 Tangible Assets 6,428,568 6,553,529 5,826,641 Securities Market Value Adjustment 238,170 (21,589) (36,939) Adjusted Tangible Assets 6,666,738 6,531,940 5,789,702 Ending Common Shares Issued 25,536,026 25,488,508 25,424,307 Tangible Book Value Per Common Share 22.13 27.50 25.70 Tangible Common Equity/Tangible Assets 8.79 10.70 11.21 Adjusted Tangible Common Equity/Adjusted Tangible Assets 11.30 10.47 10.78 Net Interest Income 202,887 178,088 163,008 Plus: Noninterest Income 41,862 44,720 46,843 Minus: Noninterest Expense (110,210) (104,287) (91,205) Pretax Pre-Provision Earnings 134,539 118,521 118,646 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 The impact of the Paycheck Protection Program on Net Interest Margin FTE is provided below (dollars in thousands). 
 Year Ended Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Total Average Earnings Assets 6,123,163 5,906,640 5,184,836 Less: Average Balance of PPP Loans (7,942) (237,951) (376,785) Total Adjusted Earning Assets 6,115,221 5,668,689 4,808,051 Total Interest Income FTE 245,194 196,806 195,549 Less: PPP Loan Income (772) (14,945) (12,832) Total Adjusted Interest Income FTE 244,422 181,861 182,717 Adjusted Earning Asset Yield, net of PPP Impact 4.00 3.21 3.80 Total Average Interest Bearing Liabilities 3,913,195 3,761,520 3,437,338 Less: Average Balance of PPP Loans (7,942) (237,951) (376,785) Total Adjusted Interest Bearing Liabilities 3,905,253 3,523,569 3,060,553 Total Interest Expense FTE 36,680 15,131 30,095 Less: PPP Cost of Funds (20) (595) (956) Total Adjusted Interest Expense FTE 36,660 14,536 29,139 Adjusted Cost of Funds, net of PPP Impact 0.60 0.26 0.61 Net Interest Margin FTE, net of PPP Impact 3.40 2.95 3.19 
 Net Income 
 Net income was 103.8 million in 2022, an increase of 8.1 million, or 8.4 , versus net income of 95.7 million in 2021. The increase in net income from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to an increase in net interest income of 24.8 million, or 13.9 . Offsetting the increase in net interest income, noninterest expense increased 5.9 million, or 5.7 , noninterest income decreased 2.9 million, or 6.4 , and the provision for credit losses increased 8.3 million, or 770.5 . Net interest income for 2022 included 772,000 in PPP interest and fee income compared to 14.9 million for 2021. The increase in provision expense for 2022 was driven primarily by the downgrade of a single commercial relationship that occurred in late December 2022. The remaining increase in provision was driven by loan growth during the year. 
 Net income was 95.7 million in 2021, an increase of 11.4 million, or 13.5 , versus net income of 84.3 million in 2020. The increase in net income from 2020 to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in net interest income of 15.1 million, or 9.3 , and a decrease in the provision for credit losses of 13.7 million, or 92.7 . Noninterest expense increased 13.1 million, or 14.3 , and noninterest income decreased 2.1 million, or 4.5 . Net interest income for 2021 included 14.9 million in PPP interest and fee income. The decrease in provision expense for 2021 was driven by improved economic conditions, which were supported by government stimulus programs and accommodative Federal Reserve Board's Federal Open Market Committee ("FOMC") monetary policy. 
 Net Interest Income 
 The following table presents a three-year average balance sheet and, for each major asset and liability category, its related interest income and yield or its expense and rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 THREE YEAR AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET AND NET INTEREST ANALYSIS 
 
 2022 2021 2020 (fully tax equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Income Yield (1)/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income Yield (1)/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income Yield (1)/ Rate Earning Assets Loans: Taxable (1)(2) 4,391,590 202,004 4.60 4,406,456 170,081 3.86 4,405,994 176,538 4.01 Tax exempt (3) 35,576 2,094 5.89 14,638 594 4.06 18,478 813 4.40 Investments: (3) Securities 1,432,287 38,882 2.71 1,068,325 25,582 2.39 633,956 17,830 2.81 Short-term investments 2,266 30 1.32 2,254 2 0.09 25,046 67 0.27 Interest bearing deposits 261,444 2,184 0.84 414,967 547 0.13 101,362 301 0.30 Total earning assets 6,123,163 245,194 4.00 5,906,640 196,806 3.33 5,184,836 195,549 3.77 Less: Allowance for credit losses (67,717) (72,083) (56,824) Nonearning Assets Cash and due from banks 72,302 70,035 62,242 Premises and equipment 58,894 59,667 60,492 Other nonearning assets 240,937 189,521 174,050 Total assets 6,427,579 6,153,780 5,424,796 Interest Bearing Liabilities Savings deposits 419,997 327 0.08 360,915 278 0.08 270,010 219 0.08 Interest bearing checking accounts 2,689,572 31,182 1.16 2,392,220 6,759 0.28 1,862,077 9,268 0.50 Time deposits: In denominations under 100,000 185,215 1,289 0.70 218,624 2,038 0.93 262,040 4,361 1.66 In denominations over 100,000 579,797 3,483 0.60 714,353 5,752 0.81 946,569 15,494 1.64 Miscellaneous short-term borrowings 6,559 272 4.15 408 7 1.72 34,347 506 1.47 Long-term borrowings and subordinated debentures 32,055 127 0.40 75,000 297 0.40 62,295 247 0.40 Total interest bearing liabilities 3,913,195 36,680 0.94 3,761,520 15,131 0.40 3,437,338 30,095 0.88 Noninterest Bearing Liabilities Demand deposits 1,842,777 1,671,172 1,309,901 Other liabilities 75,120 46,451 53,384 Stockholders' Equity 596,487 674,637 624,173 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 6,427,579 6,153,780 5,424,796 Interest Margin Recap Interest income/average earning assets 245,194 4.00 196,806 3.33 195,549 3.77 Interest expense/average earning assets 36,680 0.60 15,131 0.26 30,095 0.58 Net interest income and margin 208,514 3.40 181,675 3.07 165,454 3.19 
 (1) Loan fees are included as taxable loan interest income. Net loan fees attributable to PPP loans were 692,000, 12.5 million and 9.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (2) Nonaccrual loans are included in the average balance of taxable loans. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 (3) Tax exempt income was converted to a fully taxable equivalent basis at a 21 percent tax rate. The tax equivalent rate for tax exempt loans and tax exempt securities acquired after January 1, 1983 included the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 TEFRA adjustment applicable to nondeductible interest expenses. Taxable equivalent basis adjustments were 5.6 million, 3.6 million and 2.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The following table shows fluctuations in net interest income attributable to changes in the average balances of assets and liabilities and the yields earned or rates paid for the years ended December 31. 

NET INTEREST INCOME RATE/VOLUME ANALYSIS (fully tax equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 Over (Under) 2021 (1) 2021 Over (Under) 2020 (1) Attributable to Total Change Attributable to Total Change Volume Rate Volume Rate Interest Income (2) Loans: Taxable (576) 32,499 31,923 18 (6,475) (6,457) Tax exempt 1,141 359 1,500 (158) (61) (219) Investments: Securities 9,552 3,748 13,300 10,724 (2,972) 7,752 Short-term investments 0 28 28 (37) (28) (65) Interest bearing deposits (272) 1,909 1,637 493 (247) 246 Total interest income 9,845 38,543 48,388 11,040 (9,783) 1,257 Interest Expense Savings deposits 46 3 49 71 (12) 59 Interest bearing checking accounts 941 23,482 24,423 2,186 (4,695) (2,509) Time deposits: In denominations under 100,000 (282) (467) (749) (636) (1,687) (2,323) In denominations over 100,000 (966) (1,303) (2,269) (3,172) (6,570) (9,742) Miscellaneous short-term borrowings 242 23 265 (571) 72 (499) Long-term borrowings and subordinated debentures (170) 0 (170) 50 0 50 Total interest expense (189) 21,738 21,549 (2,072) (12,892) (14,964) Net Interest Income (tax equivalent) 10,034 16,805 26,839 13,112 3,109 16,221 
 
 (1) The earning assets and interest bearing liabilities used to calculate interest differentials are based on average daily balances for 2022, 2021 and 2020. The changes in net interest income are created by changes in interest rates and changes in the volumes of loans, investments, deposits and borrowings. In the table above, changes attributable to volume are computed using the change in volume from the prior year multiplied by the previous year s rate, and changes attributable to rate are computed using the change in rate from the prior year multiplied by the previous year s volume. The change in interest or expense due to both rate and volume has been allocated between factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 
 (2) Tax exempt income was converted to a fully taxable equivalent basis at a 21 percent tax rate. The tax equivalent rate for tax exempt loans and tax exempt securities acquired after January 1, 1983 included the TEFRA adjustment applicable to nondeductible interest expense. 
 
 Net interest income increased by 24.8 million to 202.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021, partially due to a 216.5 million, or 3.7 , increase in average earning assets. The increase in average assets was primarily driven by a 364.0 million increase in average investment securities offset by a decrease in interest bearing deposits. The yield on average earning assets increased 67 basis points to 4.00 in 2022 from 3.33 in 2021. The higher earning asset yields and cost of funds were driven by the 425 basis points increase to the target Federal Funds rate implemented by the Federal Reserve Board beginning in 2022 to combat elevated levels of inflation affecting the U.S. economy. The target Federal Funds rate increased from a zero-bound range of 0.00 - 0.25 in March 2022 to a range of 4.25 - 4.50 at December 31, 2022. Additionally, net interest margin during the year ended December 31, 2022 was positively impacted by the recognition of nonaccrual interest resulting from the interest recovery of two nonaccrual commercial borrowers during the fourth quarter of 2022. The interest recovery was from 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 two loans placed on nonaccrual status in 2009 and 2021. The 1.9 million of nonaccrual interest income was recognized into loan interest income and contributed 3 basis points to the Company's net interest margin during 2022. The net interest margin increased to 3.40 in 2022 versus 3.07 in 2021. The net interest margin decreased to 3.07 in 2021 versus 3.19 in 2020, driven by margin compression from the lower interest rate environment and excess liquidity on the Company's balance sheet. 
 During 2022, average loans increased 6.1 million and average investment securities increased 364.0 million. The growth in average assets and average investment securities was funded by a reduction of interest bearing deposits of 153.5 million, growth in interest bearing liabilities of 151.7 million and growth in average demand deposits of 171.6 million. The increase in average deposits for 2022 resulted from excess liquidity on our customers balance sheets resulting from a combination of PPP and economic stimulus. As a result of this excess liquidity on the Company's balance sheet, management deployed an additional 250 million into the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio during 2022, bringing total excess liquidity deployment to the investment securities portfolio of 902 million since the beginning of 2021. 
 The utilization of commercial and retail lines of credit remained unchanged at 42 in 2022 and 2021 and down from 43 at December 31, 2020. However, available lines of credit have increased by a record 651 million to 4.752 billion at December 31, 2022 compared to 4.101 billion at December 31, 2021, or 16 growth. While overall line usage as a percentage of total line availability remained unchanged, management remains encouraged because of the healthy expansion in overall line availability due to strong demand for traditional working capital from our commercial and industrial client base as well as continued development activity within our commercial real estate markets. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 The Company recorded a provision for credit losses of 9.4 million in 2022 compared to 1.1 million in 2021 and 14.8 million in 2020. The increased provision in 2022 was driven by provision expense of 7.0 million related to the downgrade of a single 10.7 million commercial relationship. The remainder of the increase was due to growth in the overall loan portfolio. The Company s allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 was 72.6 million compared to 67.8 million as of December 31, 2021 and 61.4 million as of December 31, 2020. The allowance for credit losses represented 1.54 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 versus 1.58 at December 31, 2021 and 1.32 at December 31, 2020. The company s credit loss reserve to total loans, excluding PPP loans, was 1.54 at December 31, 2022 compared to 1.59 at December 31, 2021 and 1.45 at December 31, 2020. PPP loans are guaranteed by the United States SBA and have not been allocated for within the allowance for credit losses. Net charge-offs of 4.5 million, or 0.10 , and 3.8 million, or 0.09 , of average loans, were recorded in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The charge offs for 2022 and 2021 resulted primarily from a single commercial credit each year. Management believes the charge offs were isolated instances that were negatively impacted by unique circumstances resulting from the pandemic and are not reflective of deteriorating trends in the loan portfolio. The Company s management continues to monitor the adequacy of the provision based on loan levels, asset quality, economic conditions including inflation and the resulting impact on the interest rate environment, and other factors that may influence the assessment of the collectability of loans. 
 The Company adopted CECL on January 1, 2021. Prior to this date, provision expense was recorded under the incurred loss methodology. The day one impact of the adoption was an increase in the allowance for credit losses of 9.1 million, with an offset, net of taxes, to stockholders' equity. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 The following table presents changes in the components of noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 
 Change From Prior Year (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Wealth advisory fees 8,636 8,750 7,468 (1.3) 17.2 Investment brokerage fees 2,318 1,975 1,670 17.4 18.3 Service charges on deposit accounts 11,595 10,608 10,110 9.3 4.9 Loan and service fees 12,214 11,922 10,085 2.4 18.2 Merchant and interchange fee income 3,560 3,023 2,408 17.8 25.5 Bank owned life insurance income 432 2,467 2,105 (82.5) 17.2 Interest rate swap fee income 579 1,035 5,089 (44.1) (79.7) Mortgage banking income 633 1,418 3,911 (55.4) (63.7) Net securities gains 21 797 433 (97.4) 84.1 Other income 1,874 2,725 3,564 (31.2) (23.5) Total noninterest income 41,862 44,720 46,843 (6.4) (4.5) Noninterest income to total revenue 17.1 20.1 22.3 
 Noninterest income was 41.9 million in 2022 versus 44.7 million in 2021, a decrease of 2.9 million, or 6.4 . Market value declines impacted the overall decrease in noninterest income. Bank owned life insurance income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased by 2.0 million, primarily due to declines in the market value of variable life insurance policies that are tied to the equity markets. A reduction of market value of 950,000 was recorded during 2022 compared to market value gains of 1.1 million for 2021. The valuation changes to the variable life insurance policies are offset by similar changes to the deferred compensation expense that is recognized in salary and employee benefits. Excluding the impact of the variable life insurance policy market value changes, noninterest income was 42.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 43.7 million for the year-ended December 31, 2021, a decline of 840,000, or 2.1 . In addition, other income decreased 851,000, mortgage banking income decreased by 785,000, gains on securities sales decreased by 776,000 and interest rate swap fee income decreased by 456,000. Notably, fee-based noninterest income increased by a cumulative 2.0 million primarily due to volume, including improvements in service charges on deposit accounts of 987,000, or 9.3 , merchant and interchange fee income of 537,000, or 17.8 , investment brokerage fees of 343,000, or 17.4 , and loan and service fees of 292,000, or 2.4 . Wealth advisory fees declined by 114,000, or 1.3 , and were negatively impacted by market value declines of 8.0 in trust assets from 2.5 billion at December 31, 2021 to 2.3 billion at December 31, 2022. 
 Noninterest income was 44.7 million in 2021 compared to 46.8 million in 2020, a decrease of 2.1 million, or 4.5 . The decrease was primarily driven by a 4.1 million decrease in interest rate swap fees generated from commercial lending transactions, as well as a 2.5 million decrease in mortgage banking income. Demand for interest rate swap arrangements decreased in 2021. The carrying value of mortgage servicing rights was negatively impacted by increased prepayment speeds, resulting from the low interest rate environment. Offsetting these decreases were an increase in loan service fees of 1.8 million, an increase in wealth advisory and investment brokerage fees of 1.6 million, an increase in merchant and interchange fees of 615,000, and an increase in service charges on deposit accounts of 498,000. The increases in fee income were driven by growth in fee-based business including from the wealth advisory group, merchant services, debit card interchange and institutional services areas due to higher transaction volumes and increased economic activity. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents changes in the components of noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022. 
 Change From Prior Year (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 Salaries and employee benefits 58,530 57,882 49,413 1.1 17.1 Net occupancy expense 6,287 5,728 5,851 9.8 (2.1) Equipment costs 5,763 5,530 5,766 4.2 (4.1) Data processing fees and supplies 12,826 12,674 11,864 1.2 6.8 Corporate and business development 5,198 4,262 3,093 22.0 37.8 FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees 1,999 2,242 1,707 (10.8) 31.3 Professional fees 6,483 7,064 5,314 (8.2) 32.9 Other expense 13,124 8,905 8,197 47.4 8.6 Total noninterest expense 110,210 104,287 91,205 5.7 14.3 
 Noninterest expense increased by 5.9 million, or 5.7 , for the year ended December 31, 2022, to 110.2 million compared to 104.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was due primarily to an increase of 4.2 million in other expense caused by accruals for ongoing legal matters of 3.5 million. See "Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" for additional details regarding loss contingencies. Corporate and business development expense increased 936,000, or 22.0 , driven by increased corporate development spending, advertising expense and charitable and foundation contributions, including contributions associated with the Company's sesquicentennial celebration. Salaries and benefits expense increased 648,000, or 1.1 . Offsetting these increases was a decrease in professional fees of 581,000, or 8.2 , due to a decrease in legal expense incurred during the year. FDIC insurance and other regulatory fee expense decreased by 243,000, or 10.8 , due to declining deposits and reduced total assets of the Company. 
 Noninterest expense increased by 13.1 million, or 14.3 , to 104.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 91.2 million for 2020. Salaries and employee benefits increased by 8.5 million due primarily to increased performace-based compensation, increased salaries and increased health insurance expense. Additionally, increased legal fees and costs associated with the digital platform conversion to LCB Digital contributed to an overall increase of 1.8 million in professional fees. Corporate and business development expenses increased as the 2021 economy re-opened, and client events and contributions increased in 2021. 
 Income Taxes 
 The Company recognized income tax expense in 2022 of 21.3 million, compared to 21.7 million in 2021 and 19.5 million in 2020. The effective tax rate was 17.1 in 2022, compared to 18.5 in 2021 and 18.8 in 2020. The effective tax rate declined due to the Indiana Financial Institution Tax rate being 5.0 in 2022, 5.5 in 2021 and 6.0 in 2020 as well as an increase in tax-free interest income from municipal securities and loans during 2022 and 2021. For a detailed analysis of the Company s income taxes see "Note 12 Income Taxes". 
 
 CERTAIN STATISTICAL DISCLOSURES BY BANK HOLDING COMPANIES 
 
 We are required to provide certain statistical disclosures as a bank holding company under the SEC's Industry Guide 3. The following table provides certain of those disclosures. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on average assets 1.62 1.56 1.55 Return on equity 17.40 14.19 13.51 Average equity to average assets 9.28 10.96 11.51 Dividend payout ratio 39.60 36.36 36.36 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Return on average assets is computed by dividing net income by average assets for each indicated fiscal year. Average assets is computed by adding total assets as of each date during the indicated fiscal year and dividing by the number of days in the fiscal year. 
 Return on average total equity is computed by dividing net income by average equity for each indicated fiscal year. Average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to the Company as of each date during the indicated fiscal year and dividing by the number of days in the fiscal year. 
 Average equity to average assets is computed by dividing average equity by average assets for each indicated fiscal year, as calculated in accordance with the previous explanation. 
 Dividend payout ratio is computed by dividing dividends declared per common share by earnings per diluted common share for each indicated fiscal year. 
 Refer to the "Financial Condition - Loan Portfolio", "Financial Condition - Sources of Funds" and "Risk Management - Loan Portfolio" sections of this MD A and to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Form 10-K for the other required statistical disclosures. 
 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Overview 
 Total assets of the Company were 6.432 billion as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 125.0 million, or 1.9 , when compared to 6.557 billion as of December 31, 2021. Total loans, excluding PPP loans, increased by 447.2 million, or 10.5 , to 4.709 billion as of December 31, 2022 from 4.262 billion at December 31, 2021. Total loans outstanding increased by 422.6 million, or 9.9 , to 4.710 billion at December 31, 2022 from 4.288 billion at December 31, 2021. PPP loans outstanding were 1.5 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 26.2 million at December 31, 2021. Total deposits decreased 274.8 million, from 5.735 billion at December 31, 2021, to 5.461 billion at December 31, 2022, as retail and commercial depositors utilized excess liquidity on their balance sheets. Deposits contracted 274.8 million in 2022 and 203.5 million of that decrease occurred during the fourth quarter. 
 The 553.0 million decrease in cash and cash equivalents was utilized to fund 447.2 million in net organic loan growth during 2022. Additionally, the Company deployed 250.0 million for the purchase of available-for-sale investment securities during the first quarter of 2022. In mid 2022, the Company elected to utilize principal and interest cash flows from the investment securities portfolio to supplement liquidity for funding loans. Cash flows from the investment securities portfolio provided 114.0 million of liquidity during 2022. In addition, the Company utilized short-term borrowings of 297.0 million to offset deposit outflows. 
 Uses of Funds 
 Investment Portfolio 
 At year end 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. government, government agencies and government sponsored agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. See "Note 2 Securities" for more information on these investments. 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company elected to transfer 151.4 million in net book value of municipal bonds from the available-for-sale securities portfolio to held-to-maturity as an overall balance sheet management strategy. The fair value of these securities transferred was 127.0 million. 
 Purchases of securities available-for-sale totaled 315.3 million in 2022, 835.0 million in 2021 and 216.5 million in 2020. Growth of the investment portfolio during the past three years served to provide an earning asset alternative for excess balance sheet liquidity stemming from increased levels of core deposits as a result of the U.S. government's COVID-19 pandemic stimulus programs. The Company deployed 250 million of excess liquidity to the investment securities portfolio during 2022, 652 million in 2021 and 100 million in 2020 to preserve net interest margin prior to the Federal Reserve Board's tightening cycle, which began in March of 2022. Investment securities represented 20 of total assets on December 31, 2022 compared to 21 on December 31, 2021 and 13 on December 31, 2020. Management expects the investment securities portfolio as a percentage of assets to decrease over time and return to historical levels of approximately 14 as the proceeds from paydowns and maturities of these investment securities are used to fund future loan portfolio growth. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Securities sales totaled 25.3 million in 2022, 14.0 million in 2021 and 8.0 million in 2020. Paydowns from prepayments and scheduled payments of 98.8 million , 113.1 million and 90.4 million were received in 2022, 2021 and 2020, and the amortization of premiums, net of the accretion of discounts, was 6.3 million, 5.0 million and 4.0 million, respectively. Maturities and calls of securities totaled 9.3 million , 24.7 million and 7.6 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. No provision for allowance for credit loss was recorded in connection with the investment securities portfolio in 2022 or 2021, and n o other-than-temporary impairment was recognized in 2020. The investment portfolio is managed to provide for an appropriate balance between liquidit y, credit risk and investment return and to limit the Company s exposure to risk to an acceptable level. The longer duration of the investment security portfolio serves to balance the shorter duration of the loan portfolio. 
 The weighted average yields and maturity distribution for the securities portfolio at December 31, 2022, were as follows: 
 Within One Year After One Within Five Years After Five Years Within Ten years After Ten Years (fully tax equivalent basis, dollars in thousands) Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield Fair Value Yield U.S. Treasury securities 1,673 2.08 1,361 2.46 0 0.00 0 0.00 U.S. government sponsor agency 0 0.00 0 0.00 4,209 1.00 122,752 1.57 Mortgage-backed securities: residential 4,960 3.40 6,579 3.32 36,979 2.51 443,790 2.12 State and municipal securities 1,386 3.60 5,070 4.44 51,228 3.43 616,570 3.02 Total Securities 8,019 3.16 13,010 3.67 92,416 2.96 1,183,112 2.62 
 The Company does not trade or invest in or sponsor certain unregistered investment companies defined as hedge funds and private equity funds in the Volcker Rule. 
 Real Estate Mortgage Loans Held For Sale 
 Real estate mortgages held for sale decreased by 7.1 million to 357,000 at December 31, 2022 from 7.5 million at December 31, 2021 as a result of reduced mortgage refinancing demand caused by the rising interest rate environment. This asset category is subject to a high degree of variability depending on, among other things, recent mortgage loan rates and the timing of loan sales into the secondary market. The Company generally sells almost all of the conforming mortgage loans it originates in the secondary market. Proceeds from sales totaled 36.5 million in 2022, 126.4 million in 2021 and 114.2 million in 2020. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Loan Portfolio 
 The loan portfolio by class as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans 650,948 652,861 626,023 Non-working capital loans 842,101 736,608 1,165,355 Total commercial and industrial loans 1,493,049 1,389,469 1,791,378 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans 517,664 379,813 362,653 Owner occupied loans 758,091 739,371 648,019 Nonowner occupied loans 706,107 588,458 579,625 Multi-family loans 197,232 247,204 304,717 Total commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 2,179,094 1,954,846 1,895,014 Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland 201,200 206,331 195,410 Loans for agricultural production 230,888 239,494 234,234 Total agri-business and agricultural loans 432,088 445,825 429,644 Other commercial loans 113,593 73,490 94,013 Total commercial loans 4,217,824 3,863,630 4,210,049 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans 212,742 176,561 167,847 Open end and junior lien loans 175,575 156,238 163,664 Residential construction and land development loans 19,249 11,921 12,007 Total consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 407,566 344,720 343,518 Other consumer loans 88,075 82,755 103,616 Total consumer loans 495,641 427,475 447,134 Gross loans 4,713,465 4,291,105 4,657,183 Less: Allowance for credit losses (72,606) (67,773) (61,408) Net deferred loan fees (3,069) (3,264) (8,027) Loans, net 4,637,790 4,220,068 4,587,748 
 The ratio of loans to total loans by portfolio segment as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 
 
 2022 2021 2020 Commercial and industrial loans 31.68 32.38 38.46 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 46.23 45.56 40.69 Agri-business and agricultural loans 9.17 10.39 9.23 Other commercial loans 2.41 1.71 2.02 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 8.64 8.03 7.38 Other consumer loans 1.87 1.93 2.22 Total Loans 100.00 100.00 100.00 

41 

Table of Contents 

 In 2022, net loan balances increased by 417.7 million to 4.638 billion, and excludes approximately 28.7 million in loans originated for sale. In 2021, net loan balances decreased by 367.7 million to 4.220 billion, and excluded approximately 119.4 million in loans originated for sale. In 2020, net loan balances increased by 572.6 million to 4.588 billion, and excluded approximately 117.6 million in loans originated for sale. PPP loans of 1.5 million, 26.2 million and 412.0 million were included in non-working capital loans of commercial and industrial loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The mix of The Company's loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial loans and the Bank's lending focus is on the commercial sector of the Lake City Bank footprint. Owner occupied commercial real estate loans represent in many instances the buildings and factories of our commercial and industrial borrowers. Commercial and industrial loans together with owner occupied commercial real estate loans represented 47.8 and 49.6 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Loans to the agriculture and agri-business sector of our Indiana footprint represent a significant loan segment of the overall loan portfolio. This loan segment is well diversified with loans to corn, soybean, poultry, dairy, swine, beef and egg growers. 
 The residential construction and land development loans class included construction loans totaling 12.0 million and 3.3 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Increases in consumer loans during 2022 resulted from an increased focus on indirect lending to consumers and the introduction of a new adjustable rate mortgage product. The Bank generally sells conforming mortgage loans, which it originates locally, into the secondary market. These loans generally represent mortgage loans that are made to clients with long-term or substantial relationships with the Bank on terms consistent with secondary market requirements. The loan classifications are based on the nature of the loans as of the loan origination date. There were no foreign loans included in the loan portfolio for the periods presented. 
 Repricing opportunities of the loan portfolio occur either according to predetermined float rate indices, adjustable rate schedules included in the related loan agreements or upon maturity of each principal payment. The following table indicates the scheduled maturities of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022: 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate and Multi-family Residential Agri-business and Agricultural Other Commercial Consumer 1-4 Family Mortgage Other Consumer Total Percent Within one year 619,769 520,497 158,548 15,116 11,477 19,654 1,345,061 28.54 After one year, within five years 652,489 1,025,947 161,555 51,769 74,856 31,822 1,998,438 42.40 Over five years 207,727 629,585 111,840 46,708 320,752 36,390 1,353,002 28.70 Nonaccrual loans 13,064 3,065 145 0 481 209 16,964 0.36 Total loans 1,493,049 2,179,094 432,088 113,593 407,566 88,075 4,713,465 100.00 
 At maturity, credits are reviewed and, if renewed, are renewed at rates and conditions that prevail at the time of maturity. 
 Based upon the table above, all loans due after one year which have a predetermined interest rate and loans due after one year which have floating or adjustable interest rates as of December 31, 2022 amounted to 1.729 billion and 1.622 billion, respectively. 
 Bank Owned Life Insurance 
 Bank owned life insurance increased by 10.8 million to 108.4 million at December 31, 2022 and by 2.4 million to 97.7 million at December 31, 2021 from 95.2 million at December 31, 2020. The increase during 2022 was primarily due to the purchase of additional life insurance policies on officers of the Bank. The increase during 2021 was primarily due to investment returns on the life insurance policies of pre-existing life insurance policies. Bank owned life insurance investment income is used as an offset to the cost of life insurance purchased by the Bank as a benefit for bank officers. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 Sources of Funds 
 The average daily deposits and borrowings together with the average rates paid on those deposits and borrowings for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized in the following table: 
 2022 2021 2020 Balance Change From Prior Year (dollars in thousands) Balance Rate Balance Rate Balance Rate 2022 2021 Noninterest bearing demand deposits 1,842,777 0.00 1,671,172 0.00 1,309,901 0.00 10.27 27.58 Savings and transaction accounts: Savings deposits 419,997 0.08 360,915 0.08 270,010 0.08 16.37 33.67 Interest bearing demand deposits 2,689,572 1.16 2,392,220 0.28 1,862,077 0.50 12.43 28.47 Time deposits: Deposits of 100,000 or more 579,797 0.60 714,353 0.81 946,569 1.64 (18.84) (24.53) Other time deposits 185,215 0.70 218,624 0.93 262,040 1.66 (15.28) (16.57) Total deposits 5,717,358 0.63 5,357,284 0.28 4,650,597 0.63 6.72 15.20 FHLB advances and other borrowings 38,614 1.03 75,408 0.40 96,642 0.78 (48.79) (21.97) Total funding sources 5,755,972 0.64 5,432,692 0.28 4,747,239 0.63 5.95 14.44 
 
 Time deposits as of December 31, 2022 will mature as follows: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 100,000 or more 100,000 or less Total of Total Within three months 98,463 32,775 131,238 20.96 Over three months, within six months 59,341 28,947 88,288 14.10 Over six months, within twelve months 113,361 46,573 159,934 25.54 Over twelve months 184,262 62,464 246,726 39.40 Total time certificates of deposit 455,427 170,759 626,186 100.00 
 
 Deposits 
 Total deposits decreased by 274.8 million to 5.461 billion, at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease in deposits was attributable to a decrease in core deposits. Total deposit contraction was led by a decrease of 243.7 million, or 11.2 , in retail deposits. In addition, commercial deposits decreased 176.3 million, or 7.8 , while public funds deposits increased by 145.2 million, or 11.3 . The decrease in deposits during 2022 reflects the normalization of excess liquidity in our customer's deposit accounts and occurred primarily during the fourth quarter of 2022. Rising inflation is considered a contributor to the decline in deposits during 2022 after the surge in deposits experienced during 2020 and 2021 from PPP funding and COVID-related stimulus programs. 
 Total deposits increased by 698.6 million to 5.735 billion, at December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020. The growth in deposits consisted of 703.6 million in core deposit growth offset by a decrease of 5.0 million in brokered deposits. Total deposit growth was led by an increase of 321.9 million, or 16.6 , in commercial deposits. In addition, retail deposits increased by 259.5 million, or 13.5 , while public funds deposits increased by 122.2 million, or 10.5 . PPP loan proceeds to borrowers and government stimulus to consumers impacted the increase in deposits during 2021 as loan proceeds and other stimulus payments were deposited into customer checking and savings accounts at the Bank. Proceeds from the sale of customer businesses also contributed to the increase in deposits during 2021. 

43 

Table of Contents 

 As previously noted, 26 of the Company s deposit base is attributable to public fund entities which primarily represent customers in the Company s geographic footprint. A majority of public fund balances represent customers with operating accounts at the Bank. A shift in funding away from public fund deposits could require the Company to execute alternative funding plans under the Contingency Funding Plan discussed in further detail under Liquidity Risk . The following table presents total deposits by portfolio segment as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Commercial 2,085,934 38.2 2,262,229 39.4 1,940,306 38.5 Retail 1,934,787 35.4 2,178,534 38.0 1,919,040 38.1 Public funds 1,429,872 26.1 1,284,641 22.3 1,162,457 23.0 Core deposits 5,450,593 99.7 5,725,404 99.7 5,021,803 99.6 Brokered deposits 10,027 0.3 10,003 0.3 15,002 0.4 Total deposits 5,460,620 100.0 5,735,407 100.0 5,036,805 100.0 
 
 FHLB Advances and Other Borrowings 
 During 2022, average total short-term borrowings increased by 6.2 million to 6.6 million, as the Company's excess liquidity position normalized after experiencing a reduction in cash and short-term investments. Ending balances of short-term and miscellaneous borrowings increased to 297.0 million at December 31, 2022, from 0 at December 31, 2021. Average total long-term borrowings decreased by 42.9 million to 32.1 million, due to the repayment of a 75.0 million long-term, putable FHLB advance. The FHLB excercised its putable option during the second quarter of 2022 . 
 During 2021, average total short-term borrowings decreased by 33.9 million to 408,000, primarily due to lower short-term FHLB borrowings and lower usage of the Company's holding company line of credit. Ending balances of short-term and miscellaneous borrowings decreased by 10.5 million during 2021 to 0. The decrease was due to the payoff of the Company's holding company line of credit which was used in connection with its share repurchase activity during 2020. The holding company's line repayment was funded by a dividend from the Bank. 
 Capital 
 The Company believes that a strong, appropriately managed capital position is critical to support continued growth of loans and earnings. Capital is used primarily to fund continued organic loan growth and to support dividends to shareholders. The Company had a total risk-based capital ratio of 15.07 , a Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 13.82 and a common Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 13.82 as of December 31, 2022. These ratios met or exceeded the Federal Reserve Bank s well-capitalized minimums of 10.0 , 8.0 and 6.5 , respectively. The Company also had a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 11.50 and a tangible equity ratio of 8.79 . When excluding the impact of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on tangible common equity, the Company's adjusted tangible common equity to adjusted tangible assets was 11.30 . See "Note 15 Capital Requirements and Restrictions on Retained Earnings" for more information. 
 The ability to maintain these ratios is a function of the balance between net income and a prudent dividend policy. Total stockholders equity decreased by 19.3 to 568.9 million as of December 31, 2022 from 704.9 million as of December 31, 2021. The Company earned 103.8 million in 2022 and 95.7 million in 2021. The Company declared cash dividends of 1.60 per share in 2022, which decreased equity by 40.9 million. The Company declared cash dividends of 1.36 per share in 2021, which decreased equity by 34.7 million. Total stockholder's equity has been impacted by declines in the market value of the Company's available-for-sale investment securities portfolio. The market value decline, resulting from rising interest rates during 2022, has generated unrealized losses in the available-for-sale portfolio. Unrealized losses from the available-for-sale investment securities portfolio are recorded, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in the statement of stockholders' equity. Changes in the fair value of available-for-sale securities and the defined benefit pension plan negatively impacted equity by 205.0 million in 2022 compared to a decrease of 11.7 million in 2021. The impact to equity due to other comprehensive income (loss) is not included in regulatory capital. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Overview 
 The Company, with the oversight of the Corporate Risk Committee of the board of directors, has developed a company-wide risk management program intended to help identify, manage and mitigate the various business risks it faces. Following is a discussion addressing the risks identified as most significant to the Company Credit, Liquidity, Interest Rate and Market Risk. Item 7A. includes additional discussion about market risk. 
 Credit Risk 
 Credit risk represents the risk of loss arising from an obligor s inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. Our primary credit risks result from lending and to a lesser extent, investment activities. 
 Investment Portfolio 
 The Company s investment portfolio consists of U.S. treasuries, government agencies and municipal bonds subject to an investment security policy that is approved annually by the board of directors. During 2022, purchases in the securities portfolio consisted of primarily municipal bonds, agency securities and mortgage-backed securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment in U.S government sponsored mortgage-backed securities represented approximately 38 of total investment securities fair value consisting of Collateralized Mortgage Obligations, Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities and mortgage pools issued by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities are each guaranteed by their respective agencies as to principal and interest. All mortgage securities purchased by the Company in 2022 were within risk tolerances for price, prepayment, extension and original life risk characteristics contained in the Company s investment policy. As of December 31, 2022, all mortgage-backed securities were performing in a manner consistent with management s expectations at time of purchase. Municipal securities represent 52 of total investment securities fair value as of December 31, 2022 and were rated investment grade at the time of purchase and continue to be rated investment grade. The Company uses analytics provided by its third party portfolio advisor to evaluate and monitor credit risk for all investments on a quarterly basis. Based upon these analytics as of December 31, 2022, the securities in the combined available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios had an effective duration of approximately 6.5 years. The analysis indicated a negative 17.98 change in market value in the event of a 300 basis point upward, instantaneous rate shock and an approximate positive 6.54 change in market value in the event of a 100 basis point downward, instantaneous rate shock. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 The Company has a relatively high percentage of commercial and commercial real estate loans extended to businesses with a broad range of revenue and within a wide variety of industries. Traditionally, this type of lending may have more credit risk than other types of lending because of the size and diversity of the credits. The Company manages this risk by utilizing conservative credit structures, by adjusting its pricing to the perceived risk of each individual credit and by diversifying the portfolio by customer, product, industry and market area and by obtaining personal loan guarantees. 
 There were no loan concentrations within industries, which exceeded ten percent of total loans, except commercial real estate. Commercial real estate was 2.179 billion, or 46.2 , of total loans at December 31, 2022. The owner occupied commercial real estate portfolio generally represents the financing of factories and operational facilities for the Bank's commercial and industrial borrowers. The Company s in-house lending limit is 40.0 million. M anufacturing loans are included in the commercial and industrial loans total and are well diversified by industry. Agri-business and agricultural loans represent 9.2 of total loans as of December 31, 2022 and are not concentrated to any agricultural sector. Nearly all of the Bank s commercial, industrial, agricultural real estate mortgage, real estate construction mortgage and consumer loans are made within its geographic market areas and to diverse industries. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of nonperforming loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Amount of loans outstanding, net of deferred fees, December 31, 4,710,396 4,287,841 Commercial and industrial loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 1 0 Nonaccrual loans(1) 13,064 10,562 Subtotal nonperforming loans 13,065 10,562 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 0 0 Nonaccrual loans(1) 3,065 3,634 Subtotal nonperforming loans 3,065 3,634 Agri-business and agricultural loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 0 0 Nonaccrual loans(1) 145 335 Subtotal nonperforming loans 145 335 Other commercial loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 0 0 Nonaccrual loans(1) 0 0 Subtotal nonperforming loans 0 0 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 122 117 Nonaccrual loans(1) 481 153 Subtotal nonperforming loans 603 270 Other consumer loans Past due accruing loans (90 days or more) 0 0 Nonaccrual loans(1) 209 289 Subtotal nonperforming loans 209 289 Total nonperforming loans 17,087 15,090 Ratio: Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.36 0.35 
 
 (1) Includes nonaccrual troubled debt restructured loans at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Nonperforming assets of the Company include nonperforming loans (as indicated above), nonaccrual investments and other real estate owned and repossessions, the total of which amounted to 17.2 million and 15.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Nonperforming loans increased by 2.0 million during 2022, due primarily to one commercial relationship, partially offset by paydowns and upgrades. 
 During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company downgraded a single 10.7 million commercial relationship that the Bank became aware of in early 2023. As a result of the deterioration of this credit, 3.7 million of the balance was charged off with the remaining 7.0 million placed on nonaccrual status. The relationship was downgraded due to the severe impact on the business caused by the improving conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The borrower is a manufacturer of name brand home and commercial cleaning and disinfecting products that are sold through third party firms to regional and national grocery and retail chains. Demand for these products substantially declined during 2022 as the pandemic subsided. As a result, the borrower's largest customer encountered financial challenges, precipitated by the dramatic decline in demand for these products, and ceased operations. The credit is supported by an unlimited personal guarantee of the business owner and the Bank 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 is actively working with the borrower to structure a long-term repayment plan. Offsetting the increase to nonperforming assets caused by the placement of this credit on nonaccrual status were payoffs to other nonaccrual notes during 2022. 
 Loans for which the borrower appears to be unable or unwilling to repay its debt in full or on time, and the collateral is insufficient to cover all principal and accrued interest, will be reclassified as nonperforming to the extent they are unsecured, on or before the date when the loan becomes 90 days delinquent, with the exception of small dollar other consumer loans which are not placed on nonaccrual status since these loans are charged-off when they have been delinquent from 90 to 180 days, and when the related collateral, if any, is not sufficient to offset the indebtedness. When a loan is classified as a nonaccrual loan, interest on the loan is no longer accrued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed and interest income is subsequently recorded only to the extent cash payments are received. Accrual status is resumed when all contractually due payments are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 A loan is individually analyzed when full payment under the original loan terms is not expected. Reserves are evaluated in total for smaller-balance loans of similar nature not in nonaccrual status such as residential mortgage, consumer, and credit card loans, and on an individual loan basis for other loans including material modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. If a loan is individually analyzed, a portion of the allowance may be allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flow or at the fair value of collateral if repayment is expected solely from the collateral. 
 Total nonperforming loans were 17.1 million, or 0.36 of total loans, at December 31, 2022 versus 15.1 million, or 0.35 of total loans, at December 31, 2021. There were 39 loans totaling 31.3 million classified as individually analyzed as of December 31, 2022 versus 34 loans totaling 25.6 million at the end of 2021. The increase in individually analyzed loans during 2022 resulted primarily from the downgrade of the previously described 10.7 million commercial loan relationship placed on nonaccrual status. The credit is supported by an unlimited personal guarantee of the business owner and the Bank is actively working with the borrower to structure a long-term repayment plan. Paydowns and upgrades of other individually analyzed loans offset the increase to individually analyzed loans for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Loans renegotiated as modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty are those loans for which either the contractual interest rate has been reduced below market rates and/or other concessions to market terms are granted to the borrower because of a deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower which results in the inability of the borrower to meet the terms of the loan. No loans received a material modification as a result of borrower financial difficulty during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Prior to January 1, 2022, loans renegotiated as troubled debt restructurings are those for which either the contractual interest rate has been reduced below market rates and/or other concessions to market terms are granted to the borrower because of a deterioration in the financial condition of the borrower which results in the inability of the borrower to meet the terms of the loan. 
 As of December 31, 2021, there were 27 loans totaling 11.3 million renegotiated as troubled debt restructurings of which 217,000 wer e modified in 2021. Of these loans, 6.2 million w ere included in nonaccrual loans in the previous table and the remaining 5.1 million w ere performing under their modified terms. The Company has no commitments to lend additional funds to any of the borrowers. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of the credit loss experience for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount of loans outstanding, net of deferred fees, December 31, 4,710,396 4,287,841 4,649,156 Average daily loans outstanding during the year ended December 31, 4,427,166 4,421,094 4,424,472 Allowance for credit losses, January 1, 67,773 61,408 50,652 Impact of adopting ASC 326 0 9,050 0 Loans charged-off: Commercial and industrial loans 4,022 5,575 4,524 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 597 70 72 Agri-business and agricultural loans 0 0 0 Other commercial loans 0 0 0 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 42 51 141 Other consumer loans 473 287 516 Total loans charged-off 5,134 5,983 5,253 Recoveries of loans previously charged-off: Commercial and industrial loans 71 1,559 428 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 277 14 315 Agri-business and agricultural loans 0 320 0 Other commercial loans 0 0 0 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 52 122 333 Other consumer loans 192 206 163 Total recoveries 592 2,221 1,239 Net loans charged-off (recovered) 4,542 3,762 4,014 Provision for credit loss charged to expense 9,375 1,077 14,770 Balance, December 31, 72,606 67,773 61,408 Ratios: Net charge-offs to average daily loans outstanding: Commercial and industrial loans 0.09 0.09 0.09 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 0.01 0.00 0.00 Agri-business and agricultural loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 Other commercial loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 Other consumer loans 0.00 0.00 0.00 Total ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) 0.10 0.09 0.09 Allowance for credit losses on loans to: Total loans 1.54 1.58 1.32 Total loans (excluding PPP loans) 1.54 1.59 1.45 Ratio of allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 424.91 449.13 507.42 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following is a summary of the allocation for credit losses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Allocated allowance for credit losses: Commercial and industrial loans 35,290 30,595 Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans 27,394 26,535 Agri-business and agricultural loans 4,429 5,034 Other commercial loans 917 1,146 Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans 3,001 2,866 Other consumer loans 1,021 1,147 Total allocated allowance for credit losses 72,052 67,323 Unallocated allowance for credit losses 554 450 Total allowance for credit losses 72,606 67,773 
 At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses was 1.54 of total loans outstanding, versus 1.58 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses was 1.54 of total loans outstanding, excluding PPP loans of 1.5 million, as of December 31, 2022 versus 1.59 of total loans outstanding, excluding PPP loans of 26.2 million, as of December 31, 2021. This reflects a more comparable ratio to prior periods, as PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA and have not been allocated for within the allowance for credit losses calculation. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is at a level commensurate with the overall risk exposure of the loan portfolio. The process of identifying expected credit losses is a subjective process. Therefore, the Company maintains a general allowance to cover expected credit losses within the entire portfolio. The methodology management uses to determine the adequacy of the credit loss reserve includes the considerations below. 
 Loans are charged against the allowance for credit losses when management believes that the principal is uncollectible. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance is an amount that management believes will be adequate for expected credit losses relating to specifically identified loans based on an evaluation of the loans by management, as well as other expected credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, and current and forecasted economic conditions that may affect the borrower s ability to repay. Management also considers trends in adversely classified loans based upon a monthly review of those credits. An appropriate level of qualitative and environmental allowance is determined after considering the following factors: changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, overall portfolio quality, changes in collateral strength and current economic conditions that may affect the borrowers ability to repay. Consideration is not limited to these factors although they represent the most commonly cited factors. Federal regulations require insured institutions to classify their own assets on a regular basis. The regulations provide for three categories of classified loans: Substandard, Doubtful and Loss. The regulations also contain a Special Mention category. Special Mention is defined as loans that do not currently expose an insured institution to a sufficient degree of risk to warrant classification as Substandard, Doubtful or Loss but do possess credit deficiencies or potential weaknesses deserving management s close attention. The Company s policy is to establish a specific allowance for credit losses for any assets where management has identified conditions or circumstances that indicate an asset is nonperforming. If an asset or portion thereof is classified as loss, the Company s policy is to either establish specific allocations for credit losses in the amount of 100 of the portion of the asset classified loss or charge-off such amount. 
 At December 31, 2022, on the basis of management s review of the loan portfolio, the Company had 58 credits totaling 161.0 million on the classified loan list versus 81 credits totaling 234.5 million on December 31, 2021. These amounts represent outstanding balances, excluding deferred fees and costs. The decrease in classified loans during 2022 reflects the continued strengthening of the Company s asset quality to historically strong levels and is reflective of the resilience of the Company's borrowers despite recent economic challenges presented by disruptions to the supply chain, the availability of labor, and elevated levels of inflation. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 115.7 million of assets classified as Special Mention , 45.3 million classified as Substandard, 0 classified as Doubtful and 0 classified as Loss as compared to 176.6 million, 57.9 million, 0 and 0, respectively, at December 31, 2021. The balances reported in "Note 4 Allowance for Credit Losses and Credit Quality" include deferred fees and costs. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 There were no material modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty performed during 2022 included in the classified loan amounts for December 31, 2022. Included in the classified loan amounts for December 31, 2021 were the following troubled debt restructured loans: 13 mortgage loans totaling 1.2 million with total allocations of 209,000, and 7 commercial loans totaling 3.9 million with total allocations of 1.6 million. 
 In accordance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act, loan deferrals granted to customers that resulted from the impact of COVID-19 and who were not past due at the time of deferral were not considered trouble debt restructurings as of December 31, 2021. This provision expired January 1, 2022 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. At the time of the expiration of the provision, one retail borrower in the amount of 11,000 had a COVID-19 related deferral and was not considered to be a troubled debt restructuring. 
 Allowance estimates are developed by management taking into account actual loss experience, subject to a floor, adjusted for current economic conditions and a reasonably supportable forecast period. The Company has regular discussions regarding this methodology with regulatory authorities. Allowance estimates are considered a prudent measurement of the risk in the Company's loan portfolio based upon loan segment. In accordance with accounting guidance, the allowance is based on information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectibility of the reported amounts. For a more thorough discussion of the allowance for credit losses methodology see the "Critical Accounting Policies" section of this Item 2. 
 The allowance for credit losses increased 7.1 , or 4.8 million, from 67.8 million at December 31, 2021 to 72.6 million at December 31, 2022 due primarily to provision expense of 7.0 million recorded in the fourth quarter related to the previously described commercial loan placed on nonaccrual status. Pooled loan allocations decreased 492,000 from 58.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 58.2 million at December 31, 2022. The unallocated component of the allowance for credit losses was 554,000 at December 31, 2022, which increased from 450,000 reported at December 31, 2021 . The unallocated component of the allowance for credit losses incorporates the Company s judgmental determination of expected losses that may not be fully reflected in other allocations. 
 The Company has experienced growth in total loans, excluding PPP loans, over the last several years with organic growth exclusive of PPP loans of 447.2 million, or 10.5 , from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. The concentration of this loan growth was in the commercial loan portfolio, which can result in overall asset quality being influenced by a small number of credits. Management has historically considered growth and portfolio composition when determining credit loss allocations. Management believes that it is prudent to continue to provide for credit losses in a manner consistent with its historical approach due to the loan growth described above and current economic conditions. 
 Watch list loans were 73.5 million lower at 161.0 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 234.5 million at December 31, 2021. Watch list loans represent 3.42 of total loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 5.47 at December 31, 2021. Watch list loans excluding PPP loans reached a historic low of 3.42 of total loans at December 31, 2022 compared to 5.50 at December 31, 2021. This reflects a more comparable ratio to prior periods, as PPP loans are fully guaranteed by the SBA and have not been allocated for within the allowance for credit losses calculation. The reduction in watch list loans resulted primarily from upgrades of 19.3 million and payoffs of 43.2 million . The Company's continued growth strategy promotes diversification among industries as well as continued focus on the enforcement of a disciplined credit culture and a conservative portion in loan work-out situations. 
 Liquidity Risk 
 Liquidity risk arises from the possibility that the Company may not be able to satisfy current or future financial commitments or may become unduly reliant on alternative funding sources. Liquidity is monitored and closely managed by the ALCO Committee. 
 Management maintains a liquidity position that it believes will adequately provide funding for loan demand and deposit run-off that may occur in the normal course of business. The liquidity structure is expressly detailed in the Company s Contingency Funding Plan, which is discussed below. The Company relies on a number of different sources in order to meet these potential liquidity demands. The primary sources are increases in deposit accounts and cash flows from loan payments and the securities portfolio. The cash flow from the securities portfolio is expected to provide approximately 115.6 million of potential contingent funding in 2023. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 During 2022, the Company's liquidity levels normalized as commercial and retail depositors utilized liquidity that had built up in their accounts during 2020 and 2021. Management expects future liquidity needs to be met by a combination of proceeds from paydowns, calls and maturities from the investment securities portfolio, deposit growth and borrowings. 
 The Company has approval of 3.292 billion in secondary funding sources available as of December 31, 2022, of which 307.0 million was utilized. The Company had 350.0 million of availability in federal funds lines with eleven correspondent banks, of which 22.0 million was drawn on as of December 31, 2022. The Company has board of directors approval to borrow up to 800.0 million at the FHLB, but given the Company s current collateral structure and outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022, the Company could have only borrowed up to 66.5 million under this authority. The Company has additional collateral that could be pledged to the FHLB of 486.2 million as of December 31, 2022 to generate additional liquidity. Further, the Company had available capacity at the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago of up to 758.3 million given its current collateral structure at the Federal Reserve Bank discount window program and the terms of that facility at December 31, 2022, with no balances outstanding at December 31, 2022. The Company also has established relationships in the brokered time deposit and brokered money market sectors, as well as the IntraFi Network CD Option One-Way Buy program, to access these funds when desired with settlement of funds in one to two weeks time. Additionally, the Bank has entered agreements with IntraFi Network relative to their Insured Cash Sweep One-Way Buy program. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount available to the Bank via this program was 100.0 million, of which 10.0 million was drawn. The Bank is also a member of the American Financial Exchange (AFX) where overnight fed funds purchased can be obtained from other banks on the exchange that have approved the Bank for an unsecured, overnight line. These funds are only available if the approving banks have an offer out to sell that day. As of December 31, 2022, the total amount approved for the Bank via AFX banks was 319.0 million and none was outstanding at year end. 
 The Company had 91 of its securities in the available-for-sale portfolio at December 31, 2022, allowing the Company extensive flexibility to sell securities to meet funding demands. The remaining portion of investments securities were designated as held-to-maturity. Management believes the majority of the securities in investment portfolio are of high quality and marketable. Approximately 48 of this portfolio is comprised of U.S. government agency securities or mortgage-backed securities directly or indirectly backed by the U.S. government. At December 31, 2022, 93 of municipal securities owned by the Company were AAA or AA rated with a diversified geography of state issuer. In addition, the Company has historically sold the majority of its originated mortgage loans on the secondary market to reduce interest rate risk and to create an additional source of funding. 
 The Company has a formalized Contingency Funding Plan CFP ). The Board and management recognize the importance of liquidity during times of normal operations and in times of stress. The CFP was developed to ensure that the multiple liquidity sources available to the Company are readily available. The CFP specifically considers liquidity at the Bank and the Company level. The CFP identifies the potential funding sources at the Bank level, which includes the FHLB, the Federal Reserve Bank, brokered deposits, one-way buy products via the IntraFi Network (CD Option and ICS) and Federal Funds. The CFP also addresses the Bank s ability to liquidate its securities portfolio. The CFP funding sources at the holding company level include a holding company committed line of credit, as well as the ability to transfer securities from the investment subsidiary of the Bank to the Company. The Company s committed line of credit has availability up to 30.0 million, of which 0 was drawn upon as of December 31, 2022. 
 Further, the CFP identifies CFP team members and expressly details their respective roles. Potential risk scenarios are identified and the plan includes multiple scenarios, including short-term and long-term funding crisis situations. Under the long-term funding crisis, two additional scenarios are identified: a moderate risk scenario and a highly stressed scenario. The CFP details the responsibilities and the actions to be taken by the CFP team under each scenario. Quarterly reports to management and the Board under the CFP include an early warning indicator matrix and pro forma cash flows for the various scenarios. 
 The following table discloses information on the maturity of the Company s contractual long-term obligations as of December 31, 2022. 
 Payments Due by Period (dollars in thousands) Total One year or less 1-3 years 3-5 years After 5 years Operating leases 5,896 727 1,500 1,484 2,185 Pension and SERP plans 2,263 328 579 550 806 Total contractual long-term cash obligations 8,159 1,055 2,079 2,034 2,991 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 During the normal course of business, the Company becomes a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in order to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to make loans and open-ended revolving lines of credit. The Company follows the same credit policy (including requiring collateral, if deemed appropriate) to make such commitments as it follows for those loans that are recorded in its financial statements. 
 The Company s exposure to credit losses in the event of nonperformance is represented by the contractual amount of the commitments. Management does not expect any significant losses as a result of these commitments. Off-balance sheet transactions are more fully discussed in "Note 17 Commitments, Off-Balance Sheet Risks and Contingencies". 
 The following table discloses information on the maturity of the Company s commitments. 
 Amount of Commitment Expiration Per Period (dollars in thousands) Total Amount Committed One year or less Over one year Unused loan commitments 2,654,071 1,400,103 1,253,968 Standby letters of credit 48,406 45,415 2,991 Total commitments and letters of credit 2,702,477 1,445,518 1,256,959 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk that the estimated fair value of the Company s assets, liabilities and derivative financial instruments will decline as a result of changes in interest rates or financial market volatility, or that net income will be significantly reduced by interest rate changes. 
 Interest rate risk represents the Company s primary market risk exposure. The Company does not have material exposure to foreign currency exchange risk and does not maintain a trading portfolio. The Corporate Risk Committee of the Board annually reviews and approves the ALCO policy and the Derivatives and Hedging policy used to manage interest rate risk. These policies set guidelines for balance sheet structure, which are designed to protect the Company from the impact that interest rate changes could have on net income, but it does not necessarily indicate the effect on future net interest income. Given the Company s mix of interest bearing liabilities and interest bearing assets on December 31, 2022 and using changes in the interest rate environment over a one-year period, the net interest margin could be expected to decline in a falling interest rate environment and increase in a rising interest rate environment. Earnings can also be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the U.S. Government and its agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve Board. 
 During 2022 the FOMC increased the target federal funds rate a total of 425 basis points through seven rate moves. Commencing in March 2022, rate increases were implemented at every remaining FOMC meeting for the year. The combined effect of these actions increased the target federal funds rate to a range of 4.25 to 4.50 . The FOMC statement released for the meeting in December 2022 repeated their commitment to lowering inflation to 2 and to further tightening, while also noting modest economic growth, strong employment growth and an unemployment rate that remains low. The FOMC anticipates that ongoing increases to the target range will be appropriate to attain a stance of monetary policy that is sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to 2 over time. The updated economic projections released at the December meeting project the median federal funds rate rising to 5.1 in 2023 before easing to 4.1 in 2024. Additionally, the longer run median forecast for the federal funds rate was left unchanged at 2.50 . The combined result of the increase in the yield on earning assets offset by an increase in the cost of funding earning assets led to increase net interest margin from 3.07 for 2021 to 3.40 for 2022 given the Company s asset sensitive balance sheet. The Company s yield on earning assets increased 67 basis points during 2022 as assets repriced at higher rates primarily due to the FOMC rate increases noted above and a significantly higher yield curve as when compared to 2021. The commercial loan portfolio represents 89 of the total loan portfolio. Approximately 67 of the commercial loan portfolio are variable rate loans which are primarily indexed to Prime, 1 Month Term SOFR, 1 Month LIBOR and FHLB indices. The rate paid on deposit accounts and purchased funds increased 36 basis points for 2022 mainly due to increased rates paid on public fund transactional accounts as these accounts are typically more sensitive to interest rates. The realized increase in the rate paid on deposit accounts and purchased funds was lessened by an increase in the average balance of non-interest bearing demand deposit accounts for 2022 verses 2021, primarily in commercial deposit accounts. 

52 

Table of Contents 

 Future changes in the net interest margin will be dependent upon multiple factors including further actions by the FOMC during 2023 in response to inflation, economic conditions and geopolitical concerns, the results of any of the administration s changes to economic policy and laws, competitive pressures in the various markets served, and changes in the structure of the balance sheet as a result of changes in customer demands for products and services. In general, we expect loans to reprice quicker than deposits in a rising and falling rate environment as quantified in the sensitivity to market rates table in Item 7A. 
 The effects of price changes and inflation can vary substantially for most financial institutions. While management believes that inflation affects the growth of total assets, it believes that it is difficult to assess the overall impact. Management believes this to be the case due to the fact that generally neither the timing nor the magnitude of the inflationary changes in the consumer price index CPI coincides with changes in interest rates. The price of one or more of the components of the CPI may fluctuate considerably and thereby influence the overall CPI without having a corresponding effect on interest rates or upon the cost of those goods and services normally purchased by the Company. In years of high inflation and high interest rates, intermediate and long-term interest rates tend to increase, thereby adversely impacting the market values of investment securities, mortgage loans and other long-term fixed rate loans. In addition, higher short-term interest rates caused by inflation tend to increase the cost of funds. In other years, the reverse situation may occur. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk 
 The Company s primary market risk exposure is interest rate risk. The Company does not have a material exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk and does not maintain a trading portfolio. 
 The following table provides information regarding the Company s financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. For loans, securities and liabilities with contractual maturities, the table presents principal cash flows and related weighted-average interest rates by contractual maturities, as well as the Company s assumptions relative to the impact of interest-rate fluctuations on the prepayment of certain commercial, residential and home equity loans and mortgage-backed securities. Core deposits such as noninterest bearing deposits, interest bearing checking, savings and money market deposits that have no contractual maturity, are shown based on management s judgment and historical experience that indicates some portion of the balances are retained over time. Weighted-average variable rates are based upon rates existing at the reporting date. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 2022 Principal/Notional Amount Maturing in: (dollars in thousands) Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Thereafter Total Fair Value 12/31/2022 Rate sensitive assets: Fixed interest rate loans 611,713 378,532 254,896 145,491 83,612 122,762 1,597,006 1,541,036 Average interest rate 4.19 4.28 4.36 4.34 4.63 4.65 Variable interest rate loans 1,498,699 489,011 288,555 221,376 160,702 455,047 3,113,390 2,999,754 Average interest rate 7.05 6.79 6.37 6.39 6.57 6.82 Total loans 2,110,412 867,543 543,451 366,867 244,314 577,809 4,710,396 4,540,790 Average interest rate 6.22 5.70 5.43 5.58 5.91 6.36 Fixed interest rate securities 111,438 71,094 62,859 62,190 57,016 1,164,428 1,529,025 1,296,557 Average interest rate 2.33 2.08 1.99 2.04 2.05 2.53 Other interest-bearing assets 49,290 0 0 0 0 0 49,290 49,290 Average interest rate 3.73 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Total earning assets 2,271,140 938,637 606,310 429,057 301,330 1,742,237 6,288,711 5,886,637 Average interest rate 5.97 5.42 5.07 5.06 5.18 3.79 Rate sensitive liabilities: Noninterest bearing checking 314,375 155,094 138,092 123,173 109,641 896,386 1,736,761 1,736,761 Average interest rate 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Savings interest bearing checking 552,144 193,903 174,028 156,700 141,564 1,879,335 3,097,674 3,097,674 Average interest rate 2.50 1.90 1.96 2.02 2.08 2.73 Time deposits 379,459 206,081 15,132 12,583 12,546 384 626,185 621,206 Average interest rate 0.76 2.11 1.60 1.00 2.11 0.99 Total deposits 1,245,978 555,078 327,252 292,456 263,751 2,776,105 5,460,620 5,455,641 Average interest rate 1.34 1.45 1.12 1.13 1.22 1.85 Fixed interest rate borrowings 297,000 0 0 0 0 0 297,000 275,000 Average interest rate 4.24 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 Total funds 1,542,978 555,078 327,252 292,456 263,751 2,776,105 5,757,620 5,752,641 Average interest rate 1.90 1.45 1.12 1.13 1.22 1.85 Interest rate sensitivity gap by period 728,162 383,559 279,058 136,601 37,579 (1,033,868) Cumulative rate sensitivity gap 728,162 1,111,721 1,390,779 1,527,380 1,564,959 531,091 Cumulative rate sensitivity ratio at December 31, 2022 147.2 169.1 185.3 146.7 114.2 62.8 at December 31, 2021 178.8 167.5 140.5 110.9 123.2 47.2 
 The Company utilizes computer modeling software to stress test the balance sheet under a wide variety of interest rate scenarios. The model quantifies the income impact of changes in customer preference for products, basis risk between the assets and the liabilities that support them and the risk inherent in different yield curves as well as other factors. The ALCO committee reviews these possible outcomes and makes loan, investment and deposit decisions that maintain reasonable balance sheet structure in light of potential interest rate movements. It is the objective of the Company to monitor and manage risk exposure to net interest income caused by changes in interest rates. It is the goal of the Company s asset/liability function to provide optimum and stable net interest income. To accomplish this, management uses two asset liability tools: GAP/Interest Rate Sensitivity Reports and Net Interest Income Simulation Modeling, which are constructed, presented and monitored quarterly. Management believes that the Company s liquidity and interest sensitivity position at December 31, 2022, remained adequate to meet the Company s primary goal of achieving optimum interest margins while avoiding undue interest rate risk. The Company places a greater level of credence in net interest income simulation modeling. The GAP/Interest Rate Sensitivity Report is believed by the Company s management to have two major shortfalls. The GAP/Interest Rate Sensitivity Report fails to precisely gauge how often an interest rate sensitive product reprices, nor is it able to measure the magnitude of potential future rate movements. Although management does not consider GAP ratios in planning, the information can be used in a general fashion to look at asset and liability mismatches. The Company s cumulative repricing GAP ratio as of December 31, 2022 for the next 12 months using a scenario in which interest rates remained unchanged was a negative 6.49 of earning assets. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest income simulation modeling, or earnings-at-risk, measures the sensitivity of net interest income to various interest rate movements. The Company s asset liability process monitors simulated net interest income under three separate interest rate scenarios; base, rising and falling. Estimated net interest income for each scenario is calculated over a twelve-month horizon. The immediate and parallel changes to the base case scenario used in the model are presented below. The interest rate scenarios are used for analytical purposes and do not necessarily represent management s view of future market movements. Rather, these are intended to provide a measure of the degree of volatility interest rate movements may introduce into the earnings of the Company. 
 
 The base scenario is highly dependent on numerous assumptions embedded in the model. While the base sensitivity analysis incorporates management s best estimate of interest rate and balance sheet dynamics under various market rate movements, the actual behavior and resulting earnings impact will likely differ from that projected. For certain assets, the base simulation model captures the expected prepayment behavior under changing interest rate environments. Assumptions and methodologies regarding the interest rate or balance behavior of indeterminate maturity core deposit products, such as savings, money market, NOW and demand deposits reflect management s best estimate of expected future behavior. 
 Results for the base, falling 300 basis points, falling 200 basis points, falling 100 basis points, falling 50 basis points, falling 25 basis points, rising 25 basis points, rising 50 basis points, rising 100 basis points, rising 200 basis points, and rising 300 basis points interest rate scenarios are listed below based upon the Company s rate sensitive assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022. The net interest income shown represents cumulative net interest income over a twelve-month time horizon. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) Base Falling (300 Basis Points) Falling (200 Basis Points) Falling (100 Basis Points) Falling (50 Basis Points) Falling (25 Basis Points) Rising (25 Basis Points) Rising (50 Basis Points) Rising (100 Basis Points) Rising (200 Basis Points) Rising (300 Basis Points) Net interest income 229,133 198,763 210,083 220,508 225,023 227,183 230,806 232,466 235,761 242,422 249,200 Variance from Base 30,370) 19,050) 8,625) 4,110) 1,950) 1,673 3,333 6,628 13,289 20,067 Percent of change from Base (13.25) (8.31) (3.76) (1.79) (0.85) 0.73 1.45 2.89 5.80 8.76 
 For more information on the Company s interest rate sensitivity see the Interest Rate Risk discussion in Item 7A. above. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 Warsaw, Indiana 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lakeland Financial Corporation (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses ASC 326 ). The Company adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses (ACL) Qualitative Adjustments 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements and referred to in the change in accounting principle explanatory paragraph above, the Company adopted ASC 326 as of January 1, 2021, which among other things, required the Company to recognize expected credit losses over the contractual lives of financial asset carried at amortized costs, including loans receivables, utilizing the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL methodology. As of December 31, 2022, the ACL balance was 72,606,000. Estimates of expected credit losses are based on relevant information about current conditions, past events, and reasonable and supportable forward-looking forecasts regarding collectability of the reported amounts. The Company utilized a Probability of Default/ Loss Given Default model derived from historical charge-off data to construct a loss rate for each identified loan segment. The loss rates, subject to a floor, are then adjusted, for reasonable and supportable forecasts of relevant economic indicators as well as other environmental factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. The environmental factors qualitative adjustments include consideration of economic conditions and portfolio trends. 
 We have identified auditing the qualitative adjustments as a critical audit matter as management s determination of the qualitative adjustments used in the ACL is subjective and involves significant management judgments; and our audit procedures related to the qualitative adjustments involved a high degree of auditor judgment and required significant audit effort, including the need to involve more experienced audit personnel. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing th e effectiveness of controls over the qualitative adjustments used in the ACL calculation including controls addressing the: 
 Significant assumptions and judgments applied in the development of the qualitative adjustments. 
 Mathematical accuracy of the qualitative adjustments applied to the loan segments in the ACL calculation. 
 Substantively testing management's determination of the qualitative adjustments used in the ACL estimate, including: 
 Testing management s process for developing the qualitative adjustments, which included assessing the relevance and reliability of data used to develop the qualitative adjustments, including evaluating their judgments and assumptions for reasonableness. Among other procedures, our evaluation considered evidence from internal and external sources. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Analytically evaluating the qualitative adjustments for directional consistency, testing for reasonableness, and obtaining evidence for significant changes. 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the qualitative adjustments applied to the loan segments in the ACL calculation. 
 /s/ Crowe LLP 
 Crowe LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1983. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands, except share data) 

December 31 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (fair value of and respectively) 
 Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Land, premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock Accrued interest receivable Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY LIABILITIES Noninterest bearing deposits Interest bearing deposits Total deposits Federal Funds purchased Federal Home Loan Bank advances Total borrowings Accrued interest payable Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments, off-balance sheet risks and contingencies (Notes 1 and 17) STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Common stock: shares authorized, par value 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury stock, at cost shares and shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 NET INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Taxable Tax exempt Interest and dividends on securities Taxable Tax exempt Other interest income Total interest income Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Short-term Long-term Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NONINTEREST INCOME Wealth advisory fees Investment brokerage fees Service charges on deposit accounts Loan and service fees Merchant and interchange fee income Bank owned life insurance income Interest rate swap fee income Mortgage banking income Net securities gains Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Net occupancy expense Equipment costs Data processing fees and supplies Corporate and business development FDIC insurance and other regulatory fees Professional fees Other expense Total noninterest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE Income tax expense NET INCOME BASIC WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES BASIC EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES DILUTED EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in available-for-sale and transferred securities: Unrealized holding gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for amortization of unrealized losses on securities transferred to held-to-maturity Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) ) ) Net securities gain (loss) activity during the period ) ) Tax effect ) Net of tax amount ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Net gain (loss) on defined benefit pension plans ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net gain (loss) on activity during the period Tax effect ) ) ) Net of tax amount Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 Accumulated Other Total Common Stock Retained Comprehensive Treasury Stockholders Noncontrolling Total Shares Amount Earnings Income (Loss) Stock Equity Interest Equity Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under share repurchase plan ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors' plan ) ) Treasury shares sold and distributed under deferred directors plan ) Stock activity under equity incentive plans ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Impact of adopting ASC 326, net of tax ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors plan ) ) Treasury shares sold and distributed under deferred directors plan ) Stock activity under equity incentive plans ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Cash dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Treasury shares purchased under deferred directors plan ) ) Treasury shares sold and distributed under deferred directors plan ) Stock activity under equity incentive plans ) ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: Depreciation Provision for credit losses Net loss on sale and write down of other real estate owned Amortization of loan servicing rights Net change in loan servicing rights valuation allowance ) Loans originated for sale, including participations ) ) ) Net gain on sales of loans ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans, including participations Net (gain) loss on sale of premises and equipment Net (gain) loss on sales and calls of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Net securities amortization Stock based compensation expense Earnings on life insurance ) ) ) Gain on life insurance ) ) Tax benefit of stock award issuances ) ) ) Net change: Interest receivable and other assets ) ) ) Interest payable and other liabilities ) ) Total adjustments Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sale of securities available- for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal paydowns of securities available-for-sale Proceeds from maturities, calls and principal paydowns of securities held-to-maturity Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Purchase of life insurance ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in total loans ) ) Proceeds from sales of land, premises and equipment Purchases of land, premises and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from redemption of Federal Home Loan Bank stock Purchases of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned Proceeds from life insurance Net cash from investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase (decrease) in total deposits ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) Payments on short-term FHLB borrowings ) Proceeds from short-term FHLB borrowings Payments on long-term FHLB borrowings ) Proceeds from long-term FHLB borrowings Common dividends paid ) ) ) Preferred dividends paid ) ) ) Payments related to equity incentive plan ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Sales of treasury stock Net cash from financing activities ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Supplemental non-cash disclosures: Loans transferred to other real estate owned Property transferred to held for sale Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1 
 branch offices in counties in Northern and Central Indiana. The Company provides commercial, retail, trust and investment services to its customers. Commercial products include commercial loans and technology-driven solutions to meet commercial customers treasury management needs such as mobile business banking and online treasury management services. Retail banking clients are provided a wide array of traditional retail banking services, including lending, deposit and investment services. Retail lending programs are focused on mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit and traditional retail installment loans. The Company provides credit card services to retail and commercial customers through its retail card program and merchant processing activity. The Company provides wealth advisory and trust clients with traditional personal and corporate trust services. The Company also provides retail brokerage services, including an array of financial and investment products such as annuities and life insurance. Other financial instruments, which represent potential concentrations of credit risk, include deposit accounts in other financial institutions. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million and million. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

66 

Table of Contents 

. Factors considered by management in determining individual evaluation include payment status, collateral value and the probability of collecting scheduled principal and interest payments when due. Loans that experience insignificant payment delays and payment shortfalls generally are not classified as individually evaluated. Management determines the significance of payment delays and payment shortfalls on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration all of the circumstances surrounding the loan and the borrower, including the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay, the borrower s prior payment record, and the amount of the shortfall in relation to the principal and interest owed. If a loan is individually evaluated, a portion of the allowance may be allocated so that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate or at the fair value of collateral less anticipated costs to sell. All classes of commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and multifamily residential, agribusiness and agricultural, other commercial, consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans and other consumer loans that become delinquent beyond 90 days are analyzed and a charge-off is taken when it is determined that the underlying collateral, if any, is not sufficient to offset the indebtedness. 
 Loans, for which the terms have been modified for borrowers experiencing financial difficulties and a concession has been granted that could materially change the Company's expected future cash flows, are classified as individually evaluated and may be either accruing or non-accruing. Modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties on nonaccrual status follow the same policy as described above for other loans. Individual evaluation for modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty is measured at the present value of estimated future cash flows using the loan s effective rate at inception or at discounted collateral value for collateral dependent loans. 
 Due to the imprecise nature of estimating the allowance for credit losses, the Company's allowance for credit losses includes an immaterial unallocated component. The unallocated component of the allowance for credit losses incorporates the Company's judgmental determination of potential expected losses that may not be fully reflected in other allocations. As a practical expedient, the Company has elected to disclose accrued interest separately from loan principal balances on the consolidated balance sheet. Additionally, when a loan is placed on non-accrual, interest payments are reversed through interest income. 
 For off balance sheet credit exposures outlined in the ASC at 326-20-30-11, it is the Company's position that nearly all of the unfunded amounts on lines of credit are unconditionally cancellable, and therefore not subject to having a liability recorded. 
 million and million, respectively and are included with other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The Company also has a commitment to fund an additional million at December 31, 2022 in six of the limited partnerships compared to million in five of the limited partnerships at December 31, 2021, which is included with other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, and is included with other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 and years. Equipment and furniture assets have useful lives between and years. 
 million for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 
 Servicing rights are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to carrying amount. Impairment is determined by stratifying rights into groupings based on predominant risk characteristics, such as loan type, term and interest rate. Any impairment of a grouping is reported as a valuation allowance, to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists for a particular grouping, a reduction of the allowance may be recorded as an increase to income. Changes in the valuation allowance are reported with mortgage banking income on the income statement. The fair values of servicing rights are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. 
 The carrying value of mortgage servicing rights, which is included with other assets in the consolidated balance sheet, was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The unpaid principal balances of these loans were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with serviced loans were million at year end 2022 and 2021. 
 Servicing fee income (loss), which is included in loan and service fees on the income statement, is recorded for fees earned for servicing loans. Fees earned for servicing loans are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal amount of the loan and are recorded as income when earned. 

68 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively. The fair value of the interest rate swap asset was million and million and the fair value of the interest rate swap liability was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company was a party in risk participation transactions of interest rate swaps. There were total notional swaps at December 31, 2022 compared to million at December 31, 2021. 
 million and million, respectively, of life insurance policies on certain officers to provide a life insurance benefit for these officers. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company also owned million and million, respectively, of variable life insurance on certain officers related to a deferred compensation plan. Bank owned life insurance is recorded at the amount that can be realized under the insurance contract at the balance sheet date, i.e., the cash surrender value adjusted for other changes or other amounts due that are probable at settlement. 
 such impairment identified for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

70 

Table of Contents 

and shares, respectively. Common stock that has been purchased under the directors deferred compensation plan, described above, is included in the treasury stock total and represented and shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Because these shares are held in trust for the participants, 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

of its common shares at a weighted average price of per share. Treasury stock is carried at cost. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

reportable operating segment. While the Company has assigned certain management responsibilities by region and business-line, the Company s chief decision-makers monitor and evaluate financial performance on a Company-wide basis. The majority of the Company s revenue is from the business of banking and the Company s assigned regions have similar economic characteristics, products, services and customers. Accordingly, all of the Company s operations are considered by management to be aggregated in reportable operating segment. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 2 

74 

Table of Contents 

) U.S. government sponsored agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities: residential ) Mortgage-backed securities: commercial State and municipal securities ) Total ) 2021 U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government sponsored agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities: residential ) Mortgage-backed securities: commercial State and municipal securities ) Total ) 
 Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 ) 
 On April 1, 2022, the Company elected to transfer securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity as an overall balance sheet management strategy. The fair value of securities transferred was million from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity. The unrealized loss on the securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity was million million, net of tax) based on the fair value of the securities on the transfer date and was million million, net of tax) at December 31, 2022. The Company has the current intent and ability to hold the transferred securities until maturity. Any net unrealized gain or loss on the transferred securities included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) at the time of the transfer will be amortized over the remaining life of the underlying security as an adjustment to the yield on those securities. There were no securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity during the year ended December 31, 2021 and there were no securities classified as held-to-maturity at December 31, 2021. 
 Information regarding the fair value and amortized cost of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities by maturity as of December 31, 2022 is presented on the next page. Maturity information is based on contractual maturity for all securities other than mortgage-backed securities. Actual maturities of securities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to prepay the obligation without prepayment penalty. 

75 

Table of Contents 

Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed securities Total debt securities 
 
 Gross gains Gross losses ) Number of securities 
 In accordance with ASU No. 2017-8, purchase premiums for callable securities are amortized to the earliest call date and premiums on non-callable securities as well as discounts are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the terms of the securities or over the estimated lives of mortgage-backed securities. Gains and losses on sales are based on the amortized cost of the security sold and recorded on the trade date. 
 
 Securities with fair values of million and million were pledged as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB and Federal Reserve Bank and for other purposes as permitted or required by law. 
 Unrealized Loss Analysis on Available-for-Sale and Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired 2021 U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired 
 76 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired 2021 U.S. government sponsored agencies Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total temporarily impaired 
 Available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities in unrealized loss positions are evaluated for impairment related to credit losses at least quarterly. For available-for sale debt securities in an unrealized loss position, management first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through the consolidated income statement. For available-for sale debt securities that do not meet the criteria and for held-to-maturity securities, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, management compares the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. For available-for-sale debt securities, any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. 
 allowance for credit losses for available-for-sale securities was recorded at December 31, 2022 or 2021. allowance for credit losses for held-to-maturity debt securities was recorded at December 31, 2022. Accrued interest receivable on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 percent of the securities are backed by the U.S. government, government agencies, government sponsored agencies or are rated above investment grade with a long history of no credit losses, except for certain non-local or local municipal securities, which are not rated. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASC 326, there was no other-than-tempoarary impairment ("OTTI") recorded during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3 
 Non-working capital loans Total commercial and industrial loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multi-family loans Total commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Total agri-business and agricultural loans Other commercial loans Total commercial loans Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction and land development loans Total consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans Other consumer loans Total consumer loans Gross loans Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net deferred loan fees ) ) Loans, net 
 The recorded investment in loans does not include accrued interest, which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company had and in residential real estate loans in process of foreclosure as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

78 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 (dollars in thousands) Commercial and Industrial Commercial Real Estate and Multi-family Residential Agri-business and Agricultural Other Commercial Consumer 1-4 Family Mortgage Other Consumer Unallocated Total 2021 Beginning balance Impact of adopting ASC 326 ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 . 
 The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Special Mention. Loans classified as Special Mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date. 
 Substandard. Loans classified as Substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized as the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

80 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Total Non-working capital loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans: Pass Total Owner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Nonowner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Total Multi-family loans: Pass Special Mention Total Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Loans for agricultural production: Pass Special Mention Total Other commercial loans: Pass Special Mention Total Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Open end and junior lien loans Pass Substandard Not Rated Total Residential construction loans Not Rated Total Other consumer loans Pass Substandard Not Rated Total TOTAL 

81 

Table of Contents 

Special Mention Substandard Total Non-working capital loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Not Rated Total Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans: Pass Total Owner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Nonowner occupied loans: Pass Special Mention Total Multi-family loans: Pass Special Mention Total Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland: Pass Special Mention Substandard Total Loans for agricultural production: Pass Special Mention Total Other commercial loans: Pass Special Mention Total Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Pass Substandard Not Rated Total Open end and junior lien loans Pass Substandard Not Rated Total Residential construction loans Not Rated Total Other consumer loans Pass Substandard Not Rated Total TOTAL 
 82 

Table of Contents 

million and million, respectively, in PPP loans were included in the "Pass" category of non-working capital commercial and industrial loans. These loans were included in this risk rating category because they are fully guaranteed by the Small Business Administration ("SBA"). 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans: 
 For all loan classes, a loan is generally placed on nonaccrual status when principal or interest becomes 90 days past due unless it is well secured and in process of collection, or earlier when concern exists as to the ultimate collectability of principal or interest. Interest accrued but not received is reversed against earnings. Cash interest received on these loans is applied to the principal balance until the principal is recovered or until the loan returns to accrual status. Loans may be returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current, remain current for a prescribed period, and the payments are reasonably assured. 
 Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multi-family loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Other commercial loans Consumer 1 4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction loans Other consumer loans Total 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were an insignificant number of loans 30-89 days past due or greater than 89 days past due on nonaccrual. Additionally, interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans was insignificant during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

83 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Multi-family loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Other commercial loans Consumer 1 4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction loans Other consumer loans Total 
 As of December 31, 2021, there were an insignificant number of loans 30-89 days past due or greater than 89 days past due on nonaccrual. Additionally, interest income recognized on nonaccrual loans was insignificant during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

84 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Other consumer loans Total 
 (dollars in thousands) Real Estate General Business Assets Other Total 2021 Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Nonowner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Other consumer loans Total 

85 

Table of Contents 

million of specific allocations to customers whose loan terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2021. The Company is not committed to lend additional funds to debtors whose loans have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring . 
 Nonaccrual troubled debt restructured loans Total troubled debt restructured loans 
 During the year ending December 31, 2021, certain loans were modified as troubled debt restructurings. The modified terms of these loans include one or a combination of the following: inadequate compensation for the terms of the restructure or renewal; a modification of the repayment terms which delays principal payment for some period; terms offered to borrowers in financial distress where no additional credit enhancements were obtained at the time of renewal. 
 Additional concessions were granted to borrowers during 2021 with previously identified troubled debt restructured loans. There were loans with recorded investments totaling million where collateral values or cash flows were insufficient to support the loans. These troubled debt restructured loans with additional concessions decreased the allowance by and resulted in no charge-offs for the year ending December 31, 2021. These concessions are not included in the table on the next page. 
 86 

Table of Contents 

- 
 Total - 
 
 For the period ending December 31, 2021, the troubled debt restructurings described above had no impact to the allowance and no charge-offs were recorded. 
 As of December 31, 2021, retail loan in the amount of had a COVID-19 related deferral. In accordance with Section 4013 of the CARES Act, this deferral was not considered to be a troubled debt restructuring. This provision was effective until its expiration on January 1, 2022 under the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2020, certain loans were modified as troubled debt restructurings. The modified terms of these loans include one or a combination of the following: inadequate compensation for the terms of the restructure or renewal; a modification of the repayment terms which delays principal repayment for some period; or renewal terms offered to borrowers in financial distress where no additional credit enhancements were obtained at the time of renewal. 
 Non-working capital lines of credit loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Total 
 For the period ending December 31, 2020, the troubled debt restructurings described above had no impact to the allowance and no charge-offs were recorded. 
 As of December 31, 2020, total deferrals attributed to COVID-19 were million representing borrowers. This represented of the total loan portfolio. Of that were commercial loan borrowers representing million in loans, or of commercial loans, and were retail loan borrowers representing million, or of total retail loans. The majority of all loan deferrals were for a period of days. Of the total commercial deferrals attributed to COVID-19, million represented a first deferral action, million represented a second deferral action, million represented a third deferral action and million represented a fourth deferral action. borrowers represented of the fourth deferral population and were commercial real estate nonowner occupied loans supported by adequate collateral and personal guarantors and consist of loans to the hotel and accommodation industry. All COVID-19 related loan deferrals were on accrual status, as each deferral was individually analyzed, and management determined that all contractual cashflows were collectable at that 

87 

Table of Contents 

Provision for loan losses ) ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net loans (charged-off) recovered ) ) ) Ending balance 

88 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Loans for agricultural production Consumer 1-4 family loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans With an allowance recorded: Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Construction and land development loans Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Consumer 1-4 family mortgage loans: Closed end first mortgage loans Open end and junior lien loans Residential construction loans Other consumer loans Total 
 
 Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 days still on accrual include both smaller balance homogeneous loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. 

89 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 5 
 , government agency/MBS/CMO +/- and U.S. treasuries +/- . If any securities fall outside the tolerance threshold and have a variance of or more, a determination of materiality is made for the amount over the threshold. Any security that would have a material threshold difference would be further investigated to determine why the variance exists and if any action is needed concerning the security pricing for that individual security. Changes in market value are reviewed monthly in aggregate by security type and any material differences are reviewed to determine why they exist. At least annually, the pricing methodology of the pricing service is received and reviewed to support the fair value levels used by the Company. A detailed pricing evaluation is requested and reviewed on any security determined to be fair valued using unobservable inputs by the pricing service. 
 Mortgage banking derivative: The fair values of mortgage banking derivatives are based on observable market data as of the measurement date (Level 2). 
 Interest rate swap derivatives: Our derivatives are traded in an over-the-counter market where quoted market prices are not always available. Therefore, the fair values of derivatives are determined using quantitative models that utilize multiple market inputs. The inputs will vary based on the type of derivative, but could include interest rates, prices and indices to generate continuous yield or pricing curves, prepayment rates, and volatility factors to value the position. The majority of market inputs are actively quoted and can be validated through external sources, including brokers, market transactions and third-party pricing 
 90 

Table of Contents 

- with the higher discounts applied to real estate that is determined to have a thin trading market or to be specialized collateral. In addition to real estate, the Company s management evaluates other types of collateral as follows: (a) raw materials inventory is discounted from its cost or book value by - , depending on the marketability of the goods (b) finished goods are generally discounted by - , depending on the ease of marketability, cost of transportation or scope of use of the finished good (c) work in process inventory is typically discounted by - , depending on the length of manufacturing time, types of components used in the completion process, and the breadth of the user base (d) equipment is valued at a percentage of depreciated book value or recent appraised value, if available, and is typically discounted at - after various considerations including age and condition of the equipment, marketability, breadth of use, and whether the equipment includes unique components or add-ons; and (e) marketable securities are discounted by - , depending on the type of investment, age of valuation report and general market conditions. This methodology is based on a market approach and typically results in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 
 Mortgage servicing rights: As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Company s Level 3 servicing assets for residential mortgage loans MSRs was million, carried at amortized cost and no valuation reserve. These residential mortgage loans have a weighted average interest rate of , a weighted average maturity of years and are secured by homes generally within the Company s market area of Northern Indiana and Indianapolis. A valuation model is used to estimate fair value by stratifying the portfolios on the basis of certain risk characteristics, including loan type and interest rate. Impairment is estimated based on an income approach. The inputs used include estimates of prepayment speeds, discount rate, cost to service, escrow account earnings, contractual servicing fee income, ancillary income, late fees, and float income. The most significant assumption used to value MSRs is prepayment rate. Prepayment rates are estimated based on published industry consensus prepayment rates. The most significant unobservable assumption is the discount rate. At December 31, 2022, the constant prepayment speed PSA used was and discount rate used was . At December 31, 2021, the PSA used was and the discount rate used was . 
 Other real estate owned: Nonrecurring adjustments to certain commercial and residential real estate properties classified as other real estate owned are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Fair values are generally based on third party appraisals of the property and are reviewed by the Company s internal appraisal officer. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable properties used to determine value. Such adjustments are usually significant and result in a Level 3 classification. In addition, the Company s management may apply discount factors to the appraisals to take into account changing business factors and market conditions, as well as value impairment in cases where the appraisal date predates a likely change in market conditions. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. 
 Real estate mortgage loans held-for-sale : Real estate mortgage loans held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, as determined by outstanding commitments, from third party investors, and result in a Level 2 classification. 
 91 

Table of Contents 

U.S. government sponsored agency securities Mortgage-backed securities: residential State and municipal securities Total Available-for-Sale Securities Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total assets Liabilities: Interest rate swap derivative Total liabilities 
 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Assets (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 at Fair Value Assets: U.S. Treasury securities U.S. government sponsored agency securities Mortgage-backed securities: residential Mortgage-backed securities: commercial State and municipal securities Total Available-for-Sale Securities Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total assets Liabilities: Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Total liabilities 
 
 The fair value of Level 3 available-for-sale securities was immaterial to warrant additional recurring fair value disclosures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Total collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Total assets 
 
 2021 Fair Value Measurements Using Assets (dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 at Fair Value Assets Collateral dependent loans: Commercial and industrial loans: Working capital lines of credit loans Non-working capital loans Commercial real estate and multi-family residential loans: Owner occupied loans Agri-business and agricultural loans: Loans secured by farmland Total collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned Total assets 

93 

Table of Contents 

Collateral based measurements 
 - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Commercial real estate and multi-family residential Collateral based measurements 
 - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Agri-business and agricultural Collateral based measurements 
 Other real estate owned Appraisals 

94 

Table of Contents 

Collateral based measurements and ultimate collectability 
 
 - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Commercial real estate Collateral based measurements and ultimate collectability 
 
 - 
 Collateral dependent loans: Agri-business and agricultural Collateral based measurements 
 - 
 Other real estate owned Appraisals 

95 

Table of Contents 

Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Real estate mortgages held-for-sale Loans, net Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Certificates of deposit All other deposits Federal Funds purchased Federal Home Loan Bank advances Interest rate swap derivative Standby letters of credit Accrued interest payable 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

Securities available-for-sale Real estate mortgages held-for-sale Loans, net Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank Stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Accrued interest receivable Financial Liabilities: Certificates of deposit All other deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Mortgage banking derivative Interest rate swap derivative Standby letters of credit Accrued interest payable 

97 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 6 
 Premises and improvements Equipment and furniture Total cost Less accumulated depreciation Land, premises and equipment, net 
 The Company had no land, premises and equipment held for sale and included in other assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

NOTE 7 
 million carrying amount of goodwill since 2002. 
 Impairment exists when a reporting unit s carrying value of goodwill exceeds its fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Company s reporting unit had positive equity and the Company elected to perform a qualitative assessment to determine if it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, including goodwill. The qualitative assessment indicated that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, resulting in no impairment. The Company s annual impairment analysis was performed as of May 31, 2022. Circumstances did not substantially change during the second half of the year such that the Company believed it was necessary to perform an additional impairment analysis. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 Savings and transaction accounts: Savings deposits Interest bearing demand deposits Time deposits: Other time deposits Deposits of 100,000 to 250,000 Deposits of 250,000 or more Total deposits 

98 

Table of Contents 

Maturing in 2024 Maturing in 2025 Maturing in 2026 Maturing in 2027 Thereafter Total time deposits 
 
 During 2022 and 2021 the Bank entered into agreements with IntraFi Network relative to their Insured Cash Sweep One-Way Buy program. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the total amount available to the Bank via this program was million, of which, million was drawn. 

NOTE 9 
 , Due January 5, 2023 
 FHLB of Indianapolis Putable Advance, , Due March 4, 2030, Called June 6, 2022 
 Total FHLB advances 
 The advance outstanding at December 31, 2022 was a fixed-rate bullet advance and could not be prepaid by the Company without a penalty. The note required payment at maturity and was secured by residential real estate loans and securities with a carrying value of million at December 31, 2022. 
 The advance outstanding at December 31, 2021 was a ten-year fixed-rate putable advance and could not be prepaid by the Company without penalty. The FHLB exercised the putable option on the advance during the second quarter of 2022 and the advance was repaid by the Company. The note was secured by residential real estate loans and securities with a carrying value of million at December 31, 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owned million and million, respectively, of FHLB stock which also secures debts owed to the FHLB. The Company is authorized by the Board to borrow up to million at the FHLB, but availability is limited to million based on collateral and outstanding borrowings. Federal Reserve Discount Window borrowings were secured by commercial loans and investment securities with a carrying value of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company had a borrowing capacity of million and million at the Federal Reserve Bank as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no borrowings outstanding at the Federal Reserve Bank at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The Company had million of availability in federal funds lines with correspondent banks as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; million and were drawn upon as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Bank is also a member of the American Financial Exchange (AFX) where overnight fed funds purchased can be obtained from other banks on the Exchange that have approved the Bank for an unsecured, overnight line. These funds are only available if the approving banks have an offer out to sell that day. The total amount approved for the Bank via AFX banks was million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were amounts drawn as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

99 

Table of Contents 

 million; this credit agreement was subsequently amended and renewed on July 30, 2022. Funds provided under the agreement may be used to repurchase shares of the Company s common stock under the share repurchase program, which was reauthorized by the Company s board of directors on April 13, 2021 and expires on April 30, 2023, and for general operations. The credit agreement includes a negative pledge agreement whereby the Company agrees not to pledge or otherwise encumber the stock of the Bank. The credit agreement has a one year term which may be amended, extended, modified or renewed. There were no outstanding borrowings on the credit agreement at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss ) ) ) Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Ending benefit obligation Change in plan assets (primarily equity and fixed income investments and money market funds), at fair value: Beginning plan assets Actual return ) ) Employer contribution Benefits paid ) ) ) ) Ending plan assets Funded status at end of year ) ) 
 ) ) 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the pension plan was million and million for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the SERP was and for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 100 

Table of Contents 

Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial (gain) loss Settlement cost Net pension expense Net (gain) loss ) ) ) Amortization of net loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net pension expense and other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 The estimated net loss (gain) for the defined benefit pension plan and SERP that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is for the pension plan and for the SERP. The settlement costs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were related to participants taking lump sum distributions from the pension plan during those years. 
 For 2022, 2021 and 2020, the assumed form of payment elected by active participants upon retirement was a lump sum to reflect participant trends. The lump sum assumed interest rates, below, for December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 reflect the mortality table in effect for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. For 2022, the mortality assumption was the PRI-2012 White Collar Mortality Table, with full generational Projection Scale MP-2021 as of December 31, 2022. For 2021, the mortality assumption was changed to the PRI-2012 White Collar Mortality Table, with full generational Projection Scale MP-2021 as of December 31, 2021, to reflect improved mortality expectations. For 2020, the mortality assumption was the PRI-2012 White Collar Mortality Table, with full generational Projection Scale MP-2020 as of December 31, 2020. 

101 

Table of Contents 

Rate of increase in future compensation N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Lump sum assumed interest rates First 5 years N/A N/A N/A Next 15 years N/A N/A N/A All future years N/A N/A N/A The following assumptions were used in calculating the net pension expense: Weighted average discount rate Rate of increase in future compensation N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Expected long-term rate of return 
 
 Pension Plan and SERP Assets 
 The Company s investment strategies are to invest in a prudent manner for the purpose of providing benefits to participants in the pension plan and the SERP. The investment strategies are targeted to maximize the total return of the portfolio net of inflation, spending and expenses. Risk is controlled through diversification of asset types and investments in domestic and international equities and fixed income securities. The target allocations for plan assets are shown in the tables below. Equity securities primarily include investments in common stocks. Debt securities include government agency and commercial bonds. Other investments consist of money market mutual funds. 
 The weighted average expected long-term rate of return on pension plan and SERP assets is developed in consultation with the plans actuary. It is primarily based upon industry trends and consensus rates of return which are then adjusted to reflect the specific asset allocations and historical rates of return of the Company s plan assets. The following assumptions were used in determining the total long-term rate of return: equity securities were assumed to have a long-term rate of return of approximately and debt securities were assumed to have a long-term rate of return of approximately . These rates of return were adjusted to reflect an approximate target allocation of equity securities and debt securities with a small downward adjustment due to investments in the Other category, which consist of low yielding money market mutual funds. 
 Certain asset types and investment strategies are prohibited including, the investment in commodities, options, futures, short sales, margin transactions and non-marketable securities. 

102 

Table of Contents 

- Debt securities - Other - Total 
 The Company s SERP plan asset allocation at year end 2022 and 2021, target allocation for 2023, and expected long-term rate of return by asset category are as follows: 
 
 Target Allocation Percentage of Plan Assets at Year End Weighted Average Expected Long-Term Rate of Return Asset Category 2023 2022 2021 Equity securities - Debt securities - Other - Total 
 Fair Value of Pension Plan and SERP Assets 
 Fair value is the exchange price that would be received for an asset in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Also, a fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. 
 The Company used the following methods and significant assumptions to estimate the fair value of each type of financial instrument: 
 Equity and debt securities: The fair values of securities are determined on a recurring basis by obtaining quoted prices on nationally recognized securities exchanges (Level 1 inputs) or pricing models, which utilize significant observable inputs such as matrix pricing. This is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). 

103 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities - US mid cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - US small cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - international stock mutual funds Equity securities - emerging markets stock mutual funds Debt securities - intermediate term bond mutual funds Debt securities - short term bond mutual funds Cash - money market account Total 
 The fair values of the Company s pension plan assets at December 31, 2021, by asset category are as follows: 
 Asset Category Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (dollars in thousands) Equity securities - US large cap common stocks Equity securities - US mid cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - US small cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - international stock mutual funds Equity securities - emerging markets stock mutual funds Debt securities - intermediate term bond mutual funds Debt securities - short term bond mutual funds Cash - money market account Total 
 
 There were no Level 2 or 3 securities during either year. 
 104 

Table of Contents 

Equity securities - US mid cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - US small cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - emerging markets stock mutual funds Equity securities - international stock mutual funds Debt securities - intermediate term bond mutual funds Debt securities - short term bond mutual funds Cash - money market account Total 
 The fair values of the Company s SERP assets at December 31, 2021, by asset category are as follows: 
 
 Asset Category Total Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (dollars in thousands) Equity securities - US large cap common stocks Equity securities - US mid cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - US small cap stock mutual funds Equity securities - emerging markets stock mutual funds Equity securities - international stock mutual funds Debt securities - intermediate term bond mutual funds Debt securities - short term bond mutual funds Cash - money market account Total 
 Total SERP plan assets available for benefits also include in accrued interest and dividend income. 
 There were no Level 2 or 3 securities during either year. 
 Contributions 
 The Company did not contribute to its pension or SERP plans in 2022. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 

NOTE 11 
 of the compensation contributed. The expense recognized from matching was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Effective January 1, 2004, the Company adopted the Lake City Bank Deferred Compensation Plan. The purpose of the deferred compensation plan is to extend full 401(k) type retirement benefits to certain individuals without regard to statutory limitations under tax qualified plans. A liability is accrued by the Company for its obligation under this plan. The expense recognized was million), million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This resulted in a deferred compensation liability of million and million as of year end 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deferred compensation plan is funded solely by participant contributions and does not receive a Company match. 
 Employee Agreements 
 Under employment agreements with certain executives, certain events leading to separation from the Company could result in cash payments totaling million as of December 31, 2022. On December 31, 2022, no amounts were accrued on these contingent obligations. 
 Directors Deferred Compensation and Cash Plans 
 The Company maintains a directors deferred compensation plan and a cash plan. The amount owed to directors for fees under the deferred directors compensation and cash plans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. The related expense for the deferred directors compensation and cash plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

106 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 12 
 Deferred federal ) ) ) Current state Deferred state ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 to income before income taxes were as follows: 
 (dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Income taxes at statutory federal rate of 21 Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: Tax exempt income ) ) ) Nondeductible expense State income tax, net of federal tax effect Captive insurance premium income ) ) ) Tax credits ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Long-term incentive plan and deferred compensation ) ) ) Nondeductible compensation expense Other Total income tax expense 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

Pension and deferred compensation liability Nonaccrual loan interest Long-term incentive plan Lease liability Deferred loan fees Accrued legal reserve Other Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation Loan servicing rights State taxes Intangible assets REIT spillover dividend Prepaid expenses Lease right of use Other Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset 
 In addition to the net deferred tax assets included above, the deferred income tax asset (liability) allocated to the unrealized net gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale included in equity was million and million) for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The deferred income tax asset allocated to the pension plan and SERP included in equity was and for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company evaluated its deferred tax asset at year end 2022 and has concluded that it is more likely than not that it will be realized. The Company expects to have taxable income in the future such that the deferred tax asset will be realized. Therefore, no valuation allowance is required. 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 The Company did t have any unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. 
 interest or penalties were recorded in the income statement and no amount was accrued for interest and penalties for the periods ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Should the accrual of any interest or penalties relative to unrecognized tax benefits be necessary, it is the Company s policy to record such accruals in its income taxes accounts. 
 The Company and its subsidiaries file a consolidated U.S. federal tax return and a combined unitary return in the States of Indiana and Michigan. These returns are subject to examinations by authorities for all years after 2018. 

108 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13 
 New loans and advances Effect of changes in related parties ) ) Repayments and renewals ) ) Ending balance 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates at year end 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. 
 The Company and Bank are an investor in certain funds managed by Centerfield Capital Centerfield ), a private equity investment firm. Faraz Abbasi, a director of the Company, is a Managing Partner and an owner of Centerfield. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an aggregate investment balance of approximately million in such funds, which are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet, and had remaining commitments to invest up to approximately million and million, respectively. Under the terms of the applicable funds, Centerfield is entitled to customary management fees with respect to the amounts under management and investment gains, and it is estimated that Mr. Abbasi s interest in such fees was less than annually for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 shares of common stock reserved for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash incentive awards to employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and Board. Effective April 9, 2013, the Company adopted the Lakeland Financial Corporation 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ), which was also approved by the Company s stockholders. At its inception the remaining shares of common stock available to grant under the 2008 Plan of were transferred to the 2013 Plan and reserved for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash incentive awards to employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and Board. Non-vested shares from the 2008 Plan that were unused at vesting were added to the shares available to grant of the 2013 Plan. Effective April 12, 2017, the Company adopted the Lakeland Financial Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ), which was also approved by the Company s stockholders and does not permit share recycling. At its inception there were shares of common stock reserved for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards and cash incentive awards to employees of the Company, its subsidiaries and Board. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grants in the 2017 Plan, which is the only active plan. Certain stock awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control. The Company has a policy of issuing new shares to satisfy exercises of stock awards. 
 Included in net income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was employee stock compensation expense of million, million and million, and a related tax benefit of million, million and million, respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 The equity incentive plan requires that the exercise price for options be the market price on the date the options are granted. The maximum option term is and the awards usually vest over . The fair value of each stock option is estimated with the Black-Scholes pricing model, using the following weighted-average assumptions as of the grant date for stock options granted during the years presented. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock over the immediately preceding expected life period, as well as other factors known on the grant date that would have a significant effect on the stock price during the expected life period. The expected stock option life used is the historical option life of the similar employee base or Board. The turnover rate is based on historical data of the similar employee base as a group 
 109 

Table of Contents 

stock option grants or modifications in 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the plan. 
 There were no options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Restricted Stock Awards and Units 
 The fair value of restricted stock awards and units is the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant adjusted for the present value of expected dividends. The restricted stock awards fully vest after one year or more of service, determined at the grant date, with the exception of shares granted to non-employee directors of the Board included as vested, below, which vested on the grant date. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares granted under the plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of years. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 The fair value of stock awards is the closing price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant, adjusted for the present value of expected dividends. The expected dividend rate is assumed to be the most recent dividend rate declared by the Board on the grant date. The grant date fair value of stock awards is assumed at the target payout rate. The stock awards fully vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. The 2022-2024, 2021-2023 and 2020-2022 Long-Term Incentive Plans must be paid in stock and have performance conditions which include revenue growth, diluted earnings per share growth and average return on beginning equity. 
 
 Granted, net Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there wa s million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested shares granted under the plan. The cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted period of years. The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million , million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and shares vested, respectively. 

110 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 15 
 for 2015 to by 2019. The capital conservation buffer for 2022 and 2021 was . The net unrealized gain or loss on available-for-sale securities is not included in computing regulatory capital. The quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy that were in effect on December 31, 2022 and 2021, require the Company and the Bank to maintain minimum capital amounts and ratios (set forth in the following table) of Total, Tier I and Common Equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined in the regulation), and of Tier I capital (as defined in the regulation) to average assets (as defined). Management believes, as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, that the Company and the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 

N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank As of December 31, 2021 Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier I Capital (to Average Assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A Bank 
 The Bank is required to obtain the approval of the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions for the payment of any dividend if the total amount of all dividends declared by the Bank during the calendar year, including the proposed dividend, would exceed the sum of the retained net income for the year-to-date combined with the retained net income for the previous two years. Indiana law defines retained net income to mean the net income of a specified period, calculated under the consolidated report of income instructions, less the total amount of all dividends declared for the specified period. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million was available to be paid as dividends to the Company by the Bank. 
 The payment of dividends by any financial institution or its holding company is affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, the institution would be undercapitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded its minimum capital requirements under applicable guidelines as of December 31, 2022. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, however, the FDIC may prohibit the payment of any dividends by the Bank if the FDIC determines such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 112 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 16 
 ) Total Assets ) Liabilities Interest Rate Swap Derivatives ) Total Liabilities ) 
 2021 Gross Amounts of Recognized Assets/ Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Statement of Financial Position Net Amounts presented in the Statement of Financial Position Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Statement of Financial Position (dollars in thousands) Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Position Net Amount Assets Interest Rate Swap Derivatives ) Total Assets ) Liabilities Interest Rate Swap Derivatives ) Total Liabilities ) 
 If an event of default occurs causing an early termination of an interest rate swap derivative, any early termination amount payable to one party by the other party may be reduced by set-off against any other amount payable by the one party to the other party. If a default in performance of any obligation of a repurchase agreement occurs, each party will set-off property held in respect of transactions against obligations owing in respect of any other transactions. 

113 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 17 

Standby letters of credit Real estate mortgage loans Real estate construction mortgage loans Home equity mortgage open-ended revolving lines Consumer loan open-ended revolving lines Total 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Real estate mortgage loan - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Consumer loan open-ended revolving line 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Commitments, excluding open-ended revolving lines, generally have fixed expiration dates of one year or less. Open-ended revolving lines are monitored for proper performance and compliance on a monthly basis. Since many commitments expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company follows the same credit policy (including requiring collateral, if deemed appropriate) to make such commitments as it follows for those loans that are recorded in its financial statements. 
 The Company s exposure to credit losses in the event of nonperformance is represented by the contractual amount of the commitments. Management does not expect any significant losses as a result of these commitments. 
 114 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 18 
 Deposits with other depository institutions Cash Investments in banking subsidiary Investments in other subsidiaries Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Dividends payable and other liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 Dividends from non-bank subsidiaries Other income Interest expense ) Miscellaneous expense ) ) ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED INCOME OF SUBSIDIARIES Income tax benefit INCOME BEFORE EQUITY IN UNDISTRIBUTED INCOME OF SUBSIDIARIES Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries NET INCOME COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

115 

Table of Contents 

Adjustments to net cash from operating activities: Equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Other changes Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from (payments on) short-term borrowings ) Payments related to equity incentive plans ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Sales of treasury stock Dividends paid ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year 
 
 NOTE 19 
 Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share: Net income Weighted-average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share Add: Dilutive effect of assumed exercises of stock options and awards Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per common share 
 There were antidilutive stock options for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 20 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 (dollars in thousands) Unrealized Gains and (Losses) on Available-for-Sales Securities Defined Benefit Pension Items Total Balance at January 1, 2021 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) 

117 

Table of Contents 
 Interest income Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net securities gains Tax effect Income tax expense Subtotal ) Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items (1) 
 ) Salaries and employee benefits Tax effect Income tax expense Subtotal ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period ) Net income 2021 (dollars in thousands) Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net securities gains Tax effect ) Income tax expense Subtotal Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items (1) 
 ) Salaries and employee benefits Tax effect Income tax expense Subtotal ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net income 2020 (dollars in thousands) Realized gains and (losses) on available-for-sale securities Net securities gains Tax effect ) Income tax expense Subtotal Net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension items (1) 
 ) Salaries and employee benefits Tax effect Income tax expense Subtotal ) Net of tax Total reclassifications for the period Net income 
 
 (1) Included in the computation of net pension plan expense as more fully discussed in Note 10 Pension and Other Postretirement Plans. 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 21 
 Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 2021 4th Quarter 3rd Quarter 2nd Quarter 1st Quarter Interest income Interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision Noninterest income Noninterest expense Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 

NOTE 22 

119 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) Lease liability Right-of-use asset 
 Short-term lease cost Total lease cost 
 Other information Operating cash outflows from operating leases Weighted-average remaining lease term - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - operating leases 

120 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Within the prior two years of the date of the most recent financial statement, there have been no changes in or disagreements with the Company s accountants. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a) An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a -15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 b) MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the 2013 criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment and those criteria, management concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm - PCAOB ID: has issued their report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. That report appears under the heading, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 c) There have been no changes in the Company s internal controls during the previous fiscal quarter, ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 121 

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained under the captions Election of Directors, Corporate Governance and the Board of Directors and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 11, 2023, to be filed with the SEC on March 2, 2023, on Form DEF 14A, and such sections are incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained under the captions Director Compensation, Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Compensation Committee Report in the definitive Proxy Statement, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 11, 2023, to be filed with the SEC on March 2, 2023, on Form DEF 14A, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. The information included under the heading Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement shall not be deemed soliciting materials or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information appearing under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the definitive Proxy Statement, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 11, 2023, to be filed with the SEC on Form DEF 14A, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 See Item 5 above for equity compensation plan information. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information appearing under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Transactions in the definitive Proxy Statement, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 11, 2023, to be with the SEC on Form DEF 14A, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. Certain additional information on related party transactions is also included in Note 13 - Related Party Transactions to the Company s financial statements contained in Item 8. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information appearing under the caption Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the definitive Proxy Statement, for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on April 11, 2023, to be filed with the SEC on Form DEF 14A, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this Item. 
 122 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 The documents listed below are filed as a part of this report: 
 (a) Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Document Location 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 Attached hereto 3.2 Restated Bylaws of Lakeland Financial Corporation, as amended 
 Attached hereto 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate 
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003 4.2 Description of Securities 
 Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 10.1 Lakeland Financial Corporation 2008 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on May 14, 2008 10.2 Amended and Restated Lakeland Financial Corporation Director s Fee Deferral Plan 
 Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 10.3 Form of Change in Control Agreement entered into with David M. Findlay, Kevin L. Deardorff, Eric H. Ottinger, Michael E. Gavin, Lisa M. O Neill and Kristin L. Pruitt 
 Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2016 10.4 Amended and Restated Employee Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 10.5 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employee Deferred Compensation Plan 
 Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 10.6 Executive Incentive Bonus Plan 
 Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004 10.7 Amended and Restated Long Term Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009 10.8 Lakeland Financial Corporation 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Appendix A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF-14A filed on March 4, 2013 10.9 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on July 9, 2013 10.10 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on July 9, 2013 
 123 

Table of Contents 

10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on July 9, 2013 10.12 Lakeland Financial Corporation 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on April 13, 2017 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on April 13, 2017 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on April 13, 2017 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.8 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on April 13, 2017 10.16 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Award Agreement 
 Exhibit 4.9 to the Company s Form S-8 filed on April 13, 2017 10.17 Lakeland Financial Corporation Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021 21.0 Subsidiaries 
 Attached hereto 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Attached hereto 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e)/15d-15(e) and 13(a)-15(f)/15d-15(f) 
 Attached hereto 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(e)/15d-15(e) and 13(a)-15(f)/15d-15(f) 
 Attached hereto 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Attached hereto 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Attached hereto 
 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 124 

Table of Contents 

101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document contained in Exhibit 101 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 125 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION Date: February 22, 2023 
 By /s/ David M. Findlay David M. Findlay, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ David M. Findlay President, Chief Executive Officer and Director David M. Findlay (principal executive officer) February 22, 2023 /s/ Lisa M. O Neill Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Lisa M. O Neill (principal financial officer) February 22, 2023 /s/ Brok A. Lahrman Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Accounting Officer Brok A. Lahrman (principal accounting officer) February 22, 2023 /s/ A. Faraz Abbasi A. Faraz Abbasi Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Blake W. Augsburger Blake W. Augsburger Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Robert E. Bartels, Jr. Robert E. Bartels, Jr. Director February 22, 2023 /s/Darrianne P. Christian Darrianne P. Christian Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Michael L. Kubacki Michael L. Kubacki Chairman and Director February 22, 2023 
 126 

Table of Contents 

/s/ Emily E. Pichon Emily E. Pichon Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Steven D. Ross Steven D. Ross Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Brian J. Smith Brian J. Smith Director February 22, 2023 /s/ Bradley J. Toothaker Bradley J. Toothaker Director February 22, 2023 /s/ M. Scott Welch M. Scott Welch Director February 22, 2023 
 127 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 ex31conformedcharter.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 ARTICLE I 
 Name 
 The name of the Corporation is Lakeland Financial Corporation. 
 ARTICLE II 
 Purposes 
 The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are 
 Section 1. To acquire control of the Lake City Bank, of Warsaw, Indiana and to operate as a bank holding company. 
 Section 2. General Powers. To possess, exercise, and enjoy all rights, powers and privileges conferred upon bank holding companies by the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended and as hereafter amended or supplemented, and all other rights and powers authorized by the laws of the State of Indiana, and the laws of the United States of America applicable to bank holding companies and the regulations of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 Section 3. To Deal in Real Property. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to acquire by purchase, exchange, lease or otherwise, and to hold, own, use, construct, improve, equip, manage, occupy, mortgage, sell, lease, convey, exchange or otherwise dispose of, alone or in conjunction with others, real estate and leaseholds of every kind, character and description whatsoever and wheresoever situated, and any other interests therein, including, but without limiting the generality thereof, buildings, factories, warehouses, offices and structures of all kinds. 
 Section 4. Capacity to Act. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to have the capacity to act possessed by natural persons and to perform such acts as are necessary and advisable to accomplish the purposes, activities and business of the Corporation. 
 Section 5. To Act as Agent. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to act as agent or representative for any firm, association, corporation, partnership, government or person, public or private, with respect to any activity or business of the Corporation. 
 Section 6. To Make Contracts and Guarantees. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to make, execute and perform, or cancel and rescind, contracts of every kind and description, including guarantees and contracts of suretyship, with any firm, association, corporation, partnership, government or person, public or private. 
 Section 7. To Borrow Funds. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to borrow moneys for any activity or business of the Corporation and, from time to time, without limit as to amount, to draw, make, accept, endorse, execute and issue promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange, warrants, bonds, debentures, notes, trust receipts, and other negotiable or non-negotiable instruments and evidences of indebtedness, and to secure the payment thereof, and the 
 2320233.v1 

interest thereon, by mortgage, pledge, conveyance, or assignment in trust of all or any part of the assets of the Corporation, real, personal or mixed, including contract rights, whether at the time owned or thereafter acquired, and to sell, exchange, or otherwise dispose of such securities or other obligations of the Corporation. 
 Section 8. To Deal in its Own Securities. Subject to the limitations of Section 2 above, to purchase, take, receive or otherwise acquire, and to hold, own, pledge, transfer or otherwise dispose of shares of its own capital stock and other securities. Purchases of the Corporation s own shares, whether direct or indirect, may be made without shareholder approval only to the extent of unreserved and unrestricted earned surplus available therefor. 
 ARTICLE III 
 Period of Existence 
 The period during which the Corporation shall continue is perpetual. 
 ARTICLE IV 
 Resident Agent and Principal Office 
 Section 1. Resident Agent. The name and address of the Corporation s Resident Agent for service of process is R. Douglas Grant, 202 East Center Street, P.O. Box 1387, Warsaw, Indiana 46580. 
 Section 2. Principal Office. The post office address of the principal office of the Corporation is 202 East Center Street, P.O. Box 1387, Warsaw, Indiana 46580. 
 ARTICLE V 
 Authorized Shares 
 Section 1. The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue is 91 million (91,000,000) shares, which are divided into two classes as follows 
 (a) one million (1,000,000) shares of preferred stock, no par value (the Preferred Stock and 
 (b) ninety million (90,000,000) shares of common stock, no par value (the Common Stock ). 
 Section 2. The preferences, qualifications, limitations, restrictions and special or relative rights in respect of the shares of each class are 
 Paragraph 1. Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is authorized, at any time and from time to time, to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series with such designations, preferences, voting powers and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof as are stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such Preferred Stock adopted by the Board of Directors, and as are not stated and expressed in these articles of incorporation or any amendment thereto, including, but not limited to, determination of any of the following 
 (a) the distinctive serial designation and the number of shares constituting a series 
 2320233.v1 

(b) the dividend rate or rates, whether dividends are cumulative (and if so on what terms and conditions), the payment date or dates for dividends and the participating or other special rights, if any, with respect to dividends 
 (c) the voting rights, full or limited, if any, of the shares of the series, which could include the right to elect a specified number of directors in any case if dividends on the series are not paid for in a specified period of time 
 (d) whether the shares of the series are redeemable and, if so, the price or prices at which, and the terms and conditions on which, the shares may be redeemed, which prices, terms and conditions may vary under different conditions and at different redemption dates 
 (e) the amount or amounts, if any, payable upon the shares of the series in the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation prior to any payment or distribution of the assets of the Corporation to any class or classes of stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the series 
 (f) whether the shares of the series are entitled to the benefit of a sinking or retirement fund to be applied to the purchase or redemption of shares of the series and the amount of the fund and the manner of its application, including the price or prices at which the shares of the series may be redeemed or purchased through the application of the fund 
 (g) whether the shares are convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or classes or of any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices, or the rates of exchange, and the adjustments thereof, if any, at which the conversion or exchange may be made, and any other terms and conditions of the conversion or exchange and 
 (h) any other preferences, privileges and powers, and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions of a series, as the Board of Directors may deem advisable and as are not inconsistent with the provisions of these articles of incorporation. 
 Paragraph 2. Common Stock. 
 (a) Subject to the preferential rights of the Preferred Stock, the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to receive, to the extent permitted by law, such dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 (b) In the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding up of the Corporation, after distribution in full of the preferential amounts, if any, to be distributed to the holders of shares of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all of the remaining assets of the Corporation of whatever kind available for distribution to shareholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them respectively. The Board of Directors may distribute in kind to the holders of Common Stock such remaining assets of the Corporation or may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such remaining assets to any other corporation, trust or other entity and receive payment therefor in cash, stock or obligations of such other corporation, trust or other entity, or any combination hereof, and may sell all or any part of the consideration so received and distribute any balance thereof in kind to holders of Common Stock. 
 (c) Except as may be otherwise required by law or in these articles of incorporation or any amendment thereto, each holder of Common Stock has one vote in respect of each share of stock 
 2320233.v1 

held by the holder of record on the books of the Corporation on all matters voted upon by the shareholders. No shareholder shall have cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 Requirements Prior To Doing Business 
 The stated capital of the Corporation as of the date of filing of these Restated Articles of Incorporation is at least One Thousand Dollars 1,000.00). 
 ARTICLE VII 
 Director(s) 
 Section 1. Number of Directors. The Board of Directors shall be composed of such number of directors ranging from nine (9) to eighteen (18), inclusive, as shall be established from time to time by the By-laws of the Corporation. In the absence of the establishment of such a number, the number of directors shall be ten (10). 
 Section 2. Qualifications of Directors. 
 (a) Directors need not be shareholders of the Corporation. 
 (b) No director shall be a director, officer, employee, or the holder of 5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or securities convertible into voting securities of any financial institution, including but not limited to banks, trust companies, savings and loan associations, whether stock or mutual, credit unions, bank holding companies, savings and loan holding companies, or any other entity controlling, controlled by or in common control with a financial institution, other than (a) the Corporation, (b) any subsidiary of or other entity controlled by the Corporation, or (c) serving in any capacity at the request of the Corporation. 
 (c) Those directors holding office as of the date of these amended Articles, who would otherwise be precluded from serving as directors of this Corporation because of the restrictions imposed by this Section 3 of the Article VII, shall be permitted to continue to serve as directors of the Corporation for such continuous period of time as they are elected or reelected by the shareholders. 
 Section 3. Terms of Directors. The Directors shall, until the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2015, be classified with respect to the time for which they severally hold office into three classes, as nearly their equal in number to the extent possible. The term of office for the class of Directors elected in 2010 shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013, the term of office for the class of Directors elected in 2011 shall expire at the annual meeting of the stockholders to be held in 2014, and the term of office for the class of Directors elected in 2012 shall expire at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2015, with the members of each class to hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. Commencing at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2013, Directors succeeding those whose terms are then expired shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the year following the year of their election and until their successors are elected and qualified. Commencing with the annual meeting of the stockholders to be held in 2015, the classification of the Board of Directors shall terminate and all Directors shall be of one class. 
 Section 4. Removal of Directors. Except as provided below, a director may not be removed or suspended from the Board of Directors except with cause as determined by procedures 
 2320233.v1 

established from time to time by the By-laws of the Corporation. Any or all members of the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of the shareholders called expressly for that purpose, by a vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at that meeting. Any director shall immediately cease being a director when he no longer satisfies the standards for qualification established by Section 3 of this Article VII. 
 Section 5. Each director of the Corporation shall be elected by a vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present provided, however, that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast and entitled to vote on the election of directors in person or by proxy at any such meeting. For purposes of this Section 5, a vote of the majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares voted for a director must exceed 50 of the votes cast with respect to that director. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 Officers 
 The name and post office address of the President and Secretary of the Corporation at the date of adoption of these Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation are, respectively 
 NAME NUMBER AND STREET OR BUILDING CITY STATE ZIP R. Douglas Grant, President P.O. Box 1387 Warsaw IN 46581-1387 Terry M. White, Secretary P.O. Box 1387 Warsaw IN 46581-1387 
 ARTICLE IX 
 Provisions for Regulation of Business and Conduct of Affairs of Corporation 
 Section 1. Meetings of Shareholders. Meetings of shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings. 
 Section 2. Meetings of Directors. Meetings of Directors of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings. 
 Section 3. Consideration for Shares. Shares of stock of the Corporation shall be issued or sold in such manner and for such amount of consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 Section 4. By-Laws of the Corporation. The Board of Directors, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified from time to time, shall have the power, without the assent or vote of the shareholders to adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation. Without limiting the foregoing, any provision of the By-Laws of the Corporation may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the shareholders on the matter at any meeting of the shareholders. 
 2320233.v1 

Section 5. Committees. If the By-Laws so provide, the Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified from time to time, designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees, each of which to the extent provided in such resolution, the Articles of Incorporation or the By-Laws, may exercise all of the authority and powers of the Board of Directors of the Corporation, and shall have the power to authorize the execution of all documents and the affixing of the Seal of the Corporation to all papers which may require it but no such committee shall have the authority of the Board of Directors in reference to amending the Articles of Incorporation, adopting an agreement or plan of merger or consolidation, proposing a special corporate transaction, recommending to the shareholders a voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof, electing or removing officers, or amending the By-Laws of the Corporation. The designation of any such committee and the delegation thereto of authority shall not operate to relieve the Board of Directors, or any member thereof, of any responsibility imposed by law. No member of any such committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he ceases to be a Director of the Corporation. 
 Section 6. Consent Action by Shareholders. Any action required by statute to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, or any action which may be taken at a meeting of the shareholders, may be taken without a meeting if, prior to such action, a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by all of the shareholders entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the shareholders. 
 Section 7. Consent Action by Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if prior to such action a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 
 Section 8. Interest of Directors in Contracts. Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and any corporation in which this Corporation owns a majority of the capital stock shall be valid and binding, notwithstanding that the directors or officers of this Corporation are identical or that some or all of the directors of officers, or both, are also directors or officers of such other corporation. 
 Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or members or employees, or between the Corporation and any firm of which one or more of its directors are members or employees or in which they are interested, or between the Corporation and any corporation or association of which one or more of its directors are stockholders, members, directors, officers, or employees or in which they are interested, shall be valid for all purposes notwithstanding the presence of such director or directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation which acts upon, or in reference to, such contract or transaction and notwithstanding his or their participation in such action, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors shall authorize, approve and ratify such contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors present, such interested director or directors to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but not to be counted in calculating the majority of such quorum necessary to carry such vote. This Section shall not be construed to invalidate any contract or other transaction which would otherwise be valid under the common statutory law applicable thereto. 
 Section 9. Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees. Every person who is or was a director, officer or employee of this Corporation or of any other corporation for which he is or was serving in any capacity at the request of this Corporation shall be indemnified by this Corporation against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by him in connection 
 2320233.v1 

with or resulting from or arising out of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person is wholly successful with respect thereto or acted in good faith in what he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of this Corporation or such other corporation, as the case may be, and, in addition, in any criminal action or proceeding in which he had no reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. As used herein, claim, action, suit or proceeding shall include any claim, action, suit or proceeding (whether brought by or in the right of this Corporation or such other corporation or otherwise), civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, whether actual or threatened or in connection with an appeal relating thereto, in which a director, officer or employee of this Corporation may become involved, as a party or otherwise, 
 (i) by reason of his being or having been a director, officer or employee of this Corporation or such other corporation or arising out of his status as such or 
 (ii) by reason of any past or future action taken or not taken by him in any such capacity, whether or not he continues to be such at the time such liability or expense is incurred. 
 The terms liability and expense shall include, but shall not be limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements, amounts of judgments, fines or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of a director, officer or employee, but shall not in any event include any liability or expenses on account of profits realized by him in the purchase or sale of securities of the Corporation in violation of the law. The termination of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, by judgment, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction or upon a plea of guilty or of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that a director, officer or employee did not meet the standards of conduct as forth in this paragraph. 
 Any such director, officer or employee who has been wholly successful with respect to any such claim, action, suit or proceeding shall be entitled to indemnification as a matter of right. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, any indemnification hereunder shall be made only if (i) the Board of Directors acting by a quorum consisting of Directors who are not parties to or who have been wholly successful with respect to such claim, action, suit or proceeding shall find that the director, officer or employee has met the standards of conduct set forth in the preceding paragraph or (ii) independent legal counsel shall deliver to the Corporation their written opinion that such director, officer or employee has met such standards of conduct. 
 If several claims, issues or matters of action are involved, any such person may be entitled to indemnification as to some matters even though he is not entitled as to other matters. 
 The Corporation may advance expenses to or, where appropriate, may at its expense undertake the defense of any such director, officer or employee upon receipt of an undertaking, in form and substance satisfactory to the Board of Directors, by or on behalf of such person to repay such expenses if it should ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 The provisions of this Section shall be applicable to claims, actions, suits or proceedings made or commenced after the adoption hereof, whether arising from acts or omissions to act during, before or after the adoption hereof. 
 The rights of indemnification provided hereunder shall be in addition to any rights to which any person concerned may otherwise be entitled by contract or as a matter of law and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of any such person. 
 2320233.v1 

The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any capacity or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Section or otherwise. 
 Section 10. Distributions Out of Capital Surplus. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may from time to time distribute to its shareholders out of the capital surplus of the Corporation a portion of its assets, in cash or property, without the assets or vote of the shareholders, provided that with respect to such a distribution the requirements of The Indiana General Corporation Act other than shareholder approval are satisfied. 
 Section 11. Powers of Directors. In addition to the powers and the authority granted by these Articles or by statute expressly conferred, the Board of Directors of the Corporation is hereby authorized to exercise all powers and to do all acts and things as may be exercised or done under the laws of the State of Indiana by a corporation organized and existing under the provisions of The Indiana General Corporation Act and not specifically prohibited or limited by these Articles. 
 Section 12. Special Considerations. Prior to the approval of any merger, consolidation, sale, exchange, transfer, mortgage, liquidation or dissolution of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation, the Board of Directors shall make an evaluation of all relevant factors and issues arising out of or in connection with any such transaction and shall report to the shareholders the conclusions which the Board of Directors reaches from such evaluation. Relevant factors and issues shall include, but are not limited to, consideration of the impact which any such transaction would have on (a) the community in which the Corporation or its subsidiaries conducts business (b) the employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries and (c) the suppliers and customers of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and may also include any and all other factors which the Board of Directors in its discretion deems relevant. 
 2320233.v1 

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT TO THE 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
 OF 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 TO THE SECRETARY OF STATE OF THE STATE OF INDIANA 
 Lakeland Financial Corporation, a corporation duly organized and existing under the Indiana Business Corporation Act, Article 1, as amended (the Act ), does hereby adopt the following Articles of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation pursuant to the provisions of said Act and all amendments thereto. 
 Article I 
 The name of the corporation, as stated in its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, is Lakeland Financial Corporation. 
 Article II 
 Pursuant to the provisions of Article V of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation and applicable law, a series of Preferred Stock, no par value, of the Corporation be and hereby is created and that the designation and number of shares of such series, and the voting and other powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series, are as follows 
 Part 1. Designation and Number of Shares. There is hereby created out of the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock of the Corporation a series of preferred stock designated as the Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series A (the Designated Preferred Stock ). The authorized number of shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be 56,044. 
 Part 2. Standard Provisions. The Standard Provisions contained in Annex A attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference in their entirety and shall be deemed to be a part of these Articles of Amendment to the same extent as if such provisions had been set forth in full herein. 
 Part 3. Definitions. The following terms are used in these Articles of Amendment (including the Standard Provisions in Annex A hereto) as defined below 
 (a) Common Stock means the common stock, no par value, of the Corporation. 
 (b) Dividend Payment Date means May 15, August 15, November 15 and February 15 of each year. 
 (c) Junior Stock means the Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of the Corporation the terms of which expressly provide that it ranks junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 
 (d) Liquidation Amount means 1,000 per share of Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (e) Minimum Amount means 14,011,000. 
 2320233.v1 

(f) Parity Stock means any class or series of stock of the Corporation (other than Designated Preferred Stock) the terms of which do not expressly provide that such class or series will rank senior or junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to dividend rights and or as to rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation (in each case without regard to whether dividends accrue cumulatively or non-cumulatively). 
 (g) Signing Date means the Original Issue Date. 
 Part 4. Certain Voting Matters. Holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote for each such share on any matter on which holders of Designated Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, including any action by written consent. 
 Article III 
 The amendment was duly approved by the directors in the manner required by Indiana Code and the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Lakeland Financial Corporation. 
 Article IV 
 These Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Lakeland Financial Corporation, are dated this 24th day of February, 2009. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank 
 2320233.v1 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Lakeland Financial Corporation, has caused these Articles of Amendment to be signed by Michael L. Kubacki, its President and Chief Executive Officer, this 24th day of February, 2009. 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 By s Michael L. Kubacki 
 Name Michael L. Kubacki 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2320233.v1 

ANNEX A 
 STANDARD PROVISIONS 
 Section 1. General Matters. Each share of Designated Preferred Stock shall be identical in all respects to every other share of Designated Preferred Stock. The Designated Preferred Stock shall be perpetual, subject to the provisions of Section 5 of these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations. The Designated Preferred Stock shall rank equally with Parity Stock and shall rank senior to Junior Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation. 
 Section 2. Standard Definitions. As used herein with respect to Designated Preferred Stock 
 (a) Applicable Dividend Rate means (i) during the period from the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the first day of the first Dividend Period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, 5 per annum and (ii) from and after the first day of the first Dividend Period commencing on or after the fifth anniversary of the Original Issue Date, 9 per annum. 
 (b) Appropriate Federal Banking Agency means the appropriate Federal banking agency with respect to the Corporation as defined in Section 3(q) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. Section 1813(q)), or any successor provision. 
 (c) Business Combination means a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or similar transaction that requires the approval of the Corporation s stockholders. 
 (d) Business Day means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York generally are authorized or required by law or other governmental actions to close. 
 (e) Bylaws means the bylaws of the Corporation, as they may be amended from time to time. 
 (f) Certificate of Designations means the Certificate of Designations or comparable instrument relating to the Designated Preferred Stock, of which these Standard Provisions form a part, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 (g) Charter means the Corporation s certificate or articles of incorporation, articles of association, or similar organizational document. 
 (h) Dividend Period has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 (i) Dividend Record Date has the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 
 (j) Liquidation Preference has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a). 
 (k) Original Issue Date means the date on which shares of Designated Preferred Stock are first issued. 
 (l) Preferred Director has the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). 
 (m) Preferred Stock means any and all series of preferred stock of the Corporation, including the Designated Preferred Stock. 
 2320233.v1 

(n) Qualified Equity Offering means the sale and issuance for cash by the Corporation to persons other than the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries after the Original Issue Date of shares of perpetual Preferred Stock, Common Stock or any combination of such stock, that, in each case, qualify as and may be included in Tier 1 capital of the Corporation at the time of issuance under the applicable risk-based capital guidelines of the Corporation s Appropriate Federal Banking Agency (other than any such sales and issuances made pursuant to agreements or arrangements entered into, or pursuant to financing plans which were publicly announced, on or prior to October 13, 2008). 
 (o) Share Dilution Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 3(b). 
 (p) Standard Provisions mean these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations relating to the Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (q) Successor Preferred Stock has the meaning set forth in Section 5(a). 
 (r) Voting Parity Stock means, with regard to any matter as to which the holders of Designated Preferred Stock are entitled to vote as specified in Sections 7(a) and 7(b) of these Standard Provisions that form a part of the Certificate of Designations, any and all series of Parity Stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable with respect to such matter. 
 Section 3. 
 Dividends. 
 (a) Rate. Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, on each share of Designated Preferred Stock if, as and when declared by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, but only out of assets legally available therefor, cumulative cash dividends with respect to each Dividend Period (as defined below) at a rate per annum equal to the Applicable Dividend Rate on (i) the Liquidation Amount per share of Designated Preferred Stock and (ii) the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends for any prior Dividend Period on such share of Designated Preferred Stock, if any. Such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from the Original Issue Date, shall compound on each subsequent Dividend Payment Date (i.e., no dividends shall accrue on other dividends unless and until the first Dividend Payment Date for such other dividends has passed without such other dividends having been paid on such date) and shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Dividend Payment Date, commencing with the first such Dividend Payment Date to occur at least 20 calendar days after the Original Issue Date. In the event that any Dividend Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, the dividend payment due on that date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day and no additional dividends will accrue as a result of that postponement. The period from and including any Dividend Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date is a Dividend 
 Period , provided that the initial Dividend Period shall be the period from and including the Original Issue Date to, but excluding, the next Dividend Payment Date. 
 Dividends that are payable on Designated Preferred Stock in respect of any Dividend Period shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of dividends payable on Designated Preferred Stock on any date prior to the end of a Dividend Period, and for the initial Dividend Period, shall be computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months, and actual days elapsed over a 30-day month. 
 2320233.v1 

Dividends that are payable on Designated Preferred Stock on any Dividend Payment Date will be payable to holders of record of Designated Preferred Stock as they appear on the stock register of the Corporation on the applicable record date, which shall be the 15th calendar day immediately preceding such Dividend Payment Date or such other record date fixed by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors that is not more than 60 nor less than 10 days prior to such Dividend Payment Date (each, a Dividend Record Date ). Any such day that is a Dividend Record Date shall be a Dividend Record Date whether or not such day is a Business Day. 
 Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to any dividends, whether payable in cash, securities or other property, other than dividends (if any) declared and payable on Designated Preferred Stock as specified in this Section 3 (subject to the other provisions of the Certificate of Designations). 
 (b) Priority of Dividends. So long as any share of Designated Preferred Stock remains outstanding, no dividend or distribution shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock or any other shares of Junior Stock (other than dividends payable solely in shares of Common Stock) or Parity Stock, subject to the immediately following paragraph in the case of Parity Stock, and no Common Stock, Junior Stock or Parity Stock shall be, directly or indirectly, purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries unless all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past Dividend Periods, including the latest completed Dividend Period (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), on all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock have been or are contemporaneously declared and paid in full (or have been declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for the benefit of the holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock on the applicable record date). The foregoing limitation shall not apply to (i) redemptions, purchases or other acquisitions of shares of Common Stock or other Junior Stock in connection with the administration of any employee benefit plan in the ordinary course of business (including purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount (as defined below) pursuant to a publicly announced repurchase plan) and consistent with past practice, provided that any purchases to offset the Share Dilution Amount shall in no event exceed the Share Dilution Amount (ii) purchases or other acquisitions by a broker-dealer subsidiary of the Corporation solely for the purpose of market-making, stabilization or customer facilitation transactions in Junior Stock or Parity Stock in the ordinary course of its business (iii) purchases by a broker-dealer subsidiary of the Corporation of capital stock of the Corporation for resale pursuant to an offering by the Corporation of such capital stock underwritten by such broker-dealer subsidiary (iv) any dividends or distributions of rights or Junior Stock in connection with a stockholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of rights pursuant to any stockholders rights plan (v) the acquisition by 
 the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries of record ownership in Junior Stock or Parity Stock for the beneficial ownership of any other persons (other than the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries), including as trustees or custodians and (vi) the exchange or conversion of Junior Stock for or into other Junior Stock or of Parity Stock for or into other Parity Stock (with the same or lesser aggregate liquidation amount) or Junior Stock, in each case, solely to the extent required pursuant to binding contractual agreements entered into prior to the Signing Date or any subsequent agreement for the accelerated exercise, settlement or exchange thereof for Common Stock. Share Dilution Amount means the increase in the number of diluted shares outstanding (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, and as measured from the date of the Corporation s consolidated financial statements most recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission prior to the Original Issue Date) resulting from the grant, vesting or exercise of equity-based compensation to employees and equitably adjusted for any stock split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, reclassification or similar transaction. 
 2320233.v1 

When dividends are not paid (or declared and a sum sufficient for payment thereof set aside for the benefit of the holders thereof on the applicable record date) on any Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within a Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) in full upon Designated Preferred Stock and any shares of Parity Stock, all dividends declared on Designated Preferred Stock and all such Parity Stock and payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) shall be declared pro rata so that the respective amounts of such dividends declared shall bear the same ratio to each other as all accrued and unpaid dividends per share on the shares of Designated Preferred Stock (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) and all Parity Stock payable on such Dividend Payment Date (or, in the case of Parity Stock having dividend payment dates different from the Dividend Payment Dates, on a dividend payment date falling within the Dividend Period related to such Dividend Payment Date) (subject to their having been declared by the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors out of legally available funds and including, in the case of Parity Stock that bears cumulative dividends, all accrued but unpaid dividends) bear to each other. If the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors determines not to pay any dividend or a full dividend on a Dividend Payment Date, the Corporation will provide written notice to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock prior to such Dividend Payment Date. Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends (payable in cash, securities or other property) as may be determined by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors may be declared and paid on any securities, including Common Stock and other Junior Stock, from time to time out of any funds legally available for such payment, and holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividends. 
 Section 4. 
 Liquidation Rights. 
 (a) Voluntary or Involuntary Liquidation. In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive for each share of Designated Preferred Stock, out of the assets of the Corporation or proceeds thereof (whether capital or surplus) available for distribution to stockholders of the Corporation, subject to the rights of any creditors of the Corporation, before any distribution of such assets or proceeds is made to or set aside for the holders of Common Stock and any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution, payment in full in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) the amount of any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), whether or not declared, to the date of payment (such amounts collectively, the Liquidation Preference ). 
 (b) Partial Payment. If in any distribution described in Section 4(a) above the assets of the Corporation or proceeds thereof are not sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable with respect to all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable with respect of any other stock of the Corporation ranking equally with Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution, holders of Designated Preferred Stock and the holders of such other stock shall share ratably in any such distribution in proportion to the full respective distributions to which they are entitled. 
 (c) Residual Distributions. If the Liquidation Preference has been paid in full to all holders of Designated Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable with respect of any other 
 2320233.v1 

stock of the Corporation ranking equally with Designated Preferred Stock as to such distribution has been paid in full, the holders of other stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of the Corporation (or proceeds thereof) according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 (d) Merger, Consolidation and Sale of Assets Not Liquidation. For purposes of this Section 4, the merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation or other entity, including a merger or consolidation in which the holders of Designated Preferred Stock receive cash, securities or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease or exchange (for cash, securities or other property) of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, shall not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 
 Section 5. 
 Redemption. 
 (a) Optional Redemption. Except as provided below, the Designated Preferred Stock may not be redeemed prior to the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date. On or after the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the Corporation, at its option, subject to the approval of the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, out of funds legally available therefor, the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, upon notice given as provided in Section 5(c) below, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) except as otherwise provided below, any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) (regardless of whether any dividends are actually declared) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the first Dividend Payment Date falling on or after the third anniversary of the Original Issue Date, the Corporation, at its option, subject to the approval of the Appropriate Federal Banking Agency, may redeem, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, upon notice given as provided in Section 5(c) below, at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) the Liquidation Amount per share and (ii) except as otherwise provided below, any accrued and unpaid dividends (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount) (regardless of whether any dividends are actually declared) to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption provided that (x) the Corporation (or any successor by Business Combination) has received aggregate gross proceeds of not less than the Minimum Amount (plus the Minimum Amount as defined in the relevant certificate of designations for each other outstanding series of preferred stock of such successor that was originally issued to the United States Department of the Treasury (the Successor Preferred Stock in connection with the Troubled Asset Relief Program Capital Purchase Program) from one or more Qualified Equity Offerings (including Qualified Equity Offerings of such successor), and (y) the aggregate redemption price of the Designated Preferred Stock (and any Successor Preferred Stock) redeemed pursuant to this paragraph may not exceed the aggregate net cash proceeds received by the Corporation (or any successor by Business Combination) from such Qualified Equity Offerings (including Qualified Equity Offerings of such successor). 
 The redemption price for any shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be payable on the redemption date to the holder of such shares against surrender of the certificate(s) evidencing such shares to the Corporation or its agent. Any declared but unpaid dividends payable on a redemption date that occurs subsequent to the Dividend Record Date for a Dividend Period shall not be paid to the holder entitled to receive the redemption price on the redemption date, but 
 2320233.v1 

rather shall be paid to the holder of record of the redeemed shares on such Dividend Record Date relating to the Dividend Payment Date as provided in Section 3 above. 
 (b) No Sinking Fund. The Designated Preferred Stock will not be subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Holders of Designated Preferred Stock will have no right to require redemption or repurchase of any shares of Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (c) Notice of Redemption. Notice of every redemption of shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be given by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of the shares to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on the books of the Corporation. Such mailing shall be at least 30 days and not more than 60 days before the date fixed for redemption. Any notice mailed as provided in this Subsection shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the holder receives such notice, but failure duly to give such notice by mail, or any defect in such notice or in the mailing thereof, to any holder of shares of Designated Preferred Stock designated for redemption shall not affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any other shares of Designated Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Designated Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company or any other similar facility, notice of redemption may be given to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock at such time and in any manner permitted by such facility. Each notice of redemption given to a holder shall state (1) the redemption date (2) the number of shares of Designated Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder (3) the redemption price and (4) the place or places where certificates for such shares are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price. 
 (d) Partial Redemption. In case of any redemption of part of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or in such other manner as the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof may determine to be fair and equitable. Subject to the provisions hereof, the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof shall have full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall be redeemed from time to time. If fewer than all the shares represented by any certificate are redeemed, a new certificate shall be issued representing the unredeemed shares without charge to the holder thereof. 
 (e) Effectiveness of Redemption. If notice of redemption has been duly given and if on or before the redemption date specified in the notice all funds necessary for the redemption have been deposited by the Corporation, in trust for the pro rata benefit of the holders of the shares called for redemption, with a bank or trust company doing business in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York, and having a capital and surplus of at least 500 million and selected by the Board of Directors, so as to be and continue to be available solely therefor, then, notwithstanding that any certificate for any share so called for redemption has not been surrendered for cancellation, on and after the redemption date dividends shall cease to accrue on all shares so called for redemption, all shares so called for redemption shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights with respect to such shares shall forthwith on such redemption date cease and terminate, except only the right of the holders thereof to receive the amount payable on such redemption from such bank or trust company, without interest. Any funds unclaimed at the end of three years from the redemption date shall, to the extent permitted by law, be released to the Corporation, after which time the holders of the shares so called for redemption shall look only to the Corporation for payment of the redemption price of such shares. 
 (f) Status of Redeemed Shares. Shares of Designated Preferred Stock that are redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation shall revert to authorized but unissued shares of Preferred Stock (provided that any such cancelled shares of Designated Preferred Stock 
 2320233.v1 

may be reissued only as shares of any series of Preferred Stock other than Designated Preferred Stock). 
 Section 6. Conversion. Holders of Designated Preferred Stock shares shall have no right to exchange or convert such shares into any other securities. 
 Section 7. 
 Voting Rights. 
 (a) General. The holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall not have any voting rights except as set forth below or as otherwise from time to time required by law. 
 (b) Preferred Stock Directors. Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of Designated Preferred Stock have not been paid for an aggregate of six quarterly Dividend Periods or more, whether or not consecutive, the authorized number of directors of the Corporation shall automatically be increased by two and the holders of the Designated Preferred Stock shall have the right, with holders of shares of any one or more other classes or series of Voting Parity Stock outstanding at the time, voting together as a class, to elect two directors (hereinafter the Preferred Directors and each a Preferred Director to fill such newly created directorships at the Corporation s next annual meeting of stockholders (or at a special meeting called for that purpose prior to such next annual meeting) and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders until all accrued and unpaid dividends for all past Dividend Periods, including the latest completed Dividend Period (including, if applicable as provided in Section 3(a) above, dividends on such amount), on all outstanding shares of Designated Preferred Stock have been declared and paid in full at which time such right shall terminate with respect to the Designated Preferred Stock, except as herein or by law expressly provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default of the character above mentioned provided that it shall be a qualification for election for any Preferred Director that the election of such Preferred Director shall not cause the Corporation to violate any corporate governance requirements of any securities exchange or other trading facility on which securities of the Corporation may then be listed or traded that listed or traded companies must have a majority of independent directors. Upon any termination of the right of the holders of shares of Designated Preferred Stock and Voting Parity Stock as a class to vote for directors as provided above, the Preferred Directors shall cease to be qualified as directors, the term of office of all Preferred Directors then in office shall terminate immediately and the authorized number of directors shall be reduced by the number of Preferred Directors elected pursuant hereto. Any Preferred Director may be removed at any time, with or without cause, and any vacancy created thereby may be filled, only by the affirmative vote of the holders a majority of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding voting separately as a class together with the holders of shares of Voting Parity Stock, to the extent the voting rights of such holders described above are then exercisable. If the office of any Preferred Director becomes vacant for any reason other than removal from office as aforesaid, the remaining Preferred Director may choose a successor who shall hold office for the unexpired term in respect of which such vacancy occurred. 
 (c) Class Voting Rights as to Particular Matters. So long as any shares of Designated Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by law or by the Charter, the vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of the shares of Designated Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting as a separate class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary for effecting or validating 
 (i) Authorization of Senior Stock. Any amendment or alteration of the Certificate of Designations for the Designated Preferred Stock or the Charter to authorize or create or increase 
 2320233.v1 

the authorized amount of, or any issuance of, any shares of, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of, any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation ranking senior to Designated Preferred Stock with respect to either or both the payment of dividends and or the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation 
 (ii) Amendment of Designated Preferred Stock. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of the Certificate of Designations for the Designated Preferred Stock or the Charter (including, unless no vote on such merger or consolidation is required by Section 7(c)(iii) below, any amendment, alteration or repeal by means of a merger, consolidation or otherwise) so as to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Designated Preferred Stock or 
 (iii) Share Exchanges, Reclassifications, Mergers and Consolidations. Any consummation of a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Designated Preferred Stock, or of a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with another corporation or other entity, unless in each case (x) the shares of Designated Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which the Corporation is not the surviving or resulting entity, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (y) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions thereof, of Designated Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole provided, however, that for all purposes of this Section 7(c), any increase in the amount of the authorized Preferred Stock, including any increase in the authorized amount of Designated Preferred Stock necessary to satisfy preemptive or similar rights granted by the Corporation to other persons prior to the Signing Date, or the creation and issuance, or an increase in the authorized or issued amount, whether pursuant to preemptive or similar rights or otherwise, of any other series of Preferred Stock, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for any other series of Preferred Stock, ranking equally with and or junior to Designated Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends (whether such dividends are cumulative or non-cumulative) and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation will not be deemed to adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers, and shall not require the affirmative vote or consent of, the holders of outstanding shares of the Designated Preferred Stock. 
 (d) Changes after Provision for Redemption. No vote or consent of the holders of Designated Preferred Stock shall be required pursuant to Section 7(c) above if, at or prior to the time when any such vote or consent would otherwise be required pursuant to such Section, all outstanding shares of the Designated Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed, or shall have been called for redemption upon proper notice and sufficient funds shall have been deposited in trust for such redemption, in each case pursuant to Section 5 above. 
 (e) Procedures for Voting and Consents. The rules and procedures for calling and conducting any meeting of the holders of Designated Preferred Stock (including, without limitation, the fixing of a record date in connection therewith), the solicitation and use of proxies at such a meeting, the obtaining of written consents and any other aspect or matter with regard to such a meeting or such consents shall be governed by any rules of the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee of the Board of Directors, in its discretion, may adopt from time to time, which rules and procedures shall conform to the requirements of the Charter, the Bylaws, and applicable law and the rules of any national securities exchange or other trading facility on which Designated Preferred Stock is listed or traded at the time. 
 2320233.v1 

Section 8. Record Holders. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Corporation and the transfer agent for Designated Preferred Stock may deem and treat the record holder of any share of Designated Preferred Stock as the true and lawful owner thereof for all purposes, and neither the Corporation nor such transfer agent shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 Section 9. Notices. All notices or communications in respect of Designated Preferred Stock shall be sufficiently given if given in writing and delivered in person or by first class mail, postage prepaid, or if given in such other manner as may be permitted in this Certificate of Designations, in the Charter or Bylaws or by applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if shares of Designated Preferred Stock are issued in book-entry form through The Depository Trust Company or any similar facility, such notices may be given to the holders of Designated Preferred Stock in any manner permitted by such facility. 
 Section 10. No Preemptive Rights. No share of Designated Preferred Stock shall have any rights of preemption whatsoever as to any securities of the Corporation, or any warrants, rights or options issued or granted with respect thereto, regardless of how such securities, or such warrants, rights or options, may be designated, issued or granted. 
 Section 11. Replacement Certificates. The Corporation shall replace any mutilated certificate at the holder s expense upon surrender of that certificate to the Corporation. The Corporation shall replace certificates that become destroyed, stolen or lost at the holder s expense upon delivery to the Corporation of reasonably satisfactory evidence that the certificate has been destroyed, stolen or lost, together with any indemnity that may be reasonably required by the Corporation. 
 Section 12. Other Rights. The shares of Designated Preferred Stock shall not have any rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers or relative, participating, optional or other special rights, or qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, other than as set forth herein or in the Charter or as provided by applicable law. 
 2320233.v1 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 ex32updatedrestatedbylaws.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 

RESTATED 
 BYLAWS 
 of 
 LAKELAND FINANCIAL CORPORATION 
 November, 2011 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 Section 1. Name. The name of the corporation is Lakeland Financial Corporation Corporation ). 
 
 Section 2. Principal Office of the Resident Agent. The post-office address of the principal office of the Corporation is 202 East Center Street, Warsaw, Indiana 46580, and the name and post-office address of its Resident Agent in charge of such office is R. Douglas Grant, 202 East Center Street, Warsaw, Indiana 46580. 
 
 Section 3. Seal. The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and mounted upon a metal die, suitable for impressing the same upon paper. About the upper periphery of the seal shall appear the words Lakeland Financial Corporation and about the lower periphery thereof the word Indiana . In the center of the seal shall appear the word Seal . 

ARTICLE II 
 
 The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin each year on the first day of January and end on the last day of December of the same year. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 Capital Stock 
 
 Section 1. Number of Shares and Classes of Capital Stock. The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue shall be as stated in the Articles of Incorporation. 
 
 Section 2. Consideration for No Par Value Shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation without par value shall be issued or sold in such manner and for such amount of consideration as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Upon payment of the consideration fixed by the Board of Directors, such shares of stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Section 3. Consideration for Treasury Shares. Treasury shares may be disposed of by the Corporation for such consideration as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 1708877.v1 

Section 4. Payment for Shares. The consideration for the issuance of shares of capital stock of the Corporation may be paid, in whole or in part, in money, in other property, tangible or intangible, or in labor actually performed for, or services actually rendered to the Corporation provided, however, that the part of the surplus of the Corporation which is transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of share as a share dividend shall be deemed to be the consideration for the issuance of such shares. When payment of the consideration for which a share was authorized to be issued shall have been received by the Corporation, or when surplus shall have been transferred to stated capital upon the issuance of a share dividend, such share shall be declared and taken to be fully paid and not liable to any further call or assessment, and the holder thereof shall not be liable for any further payments thereon. In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the Board of Directors as to the value of such property, labor or services received as consideration, or the value placed by the Board of Directors upon the corporate assets in the event of a share dividend, shall be conclusive. Promissory notes, uncertified checks, or future services shall not be accepted in payment or part payment of the capital stock of the Corporation, except as permitted by The Indiana Business Corporation Law. 
 
 Section 5. Certificate for Shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by a certificate, unless and until the Board of Directors of the Corporation adopts a resolution permitting shares to be uncertificated. Notwithstanding the adoption of any such resolution providing for uncertificated shares, every holder of capital stock of the Corporation theretofore represented by certificates and, upon request, every holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate for shares of capital stock of the corporation signed by the President or a Vice President and the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, stating the name of the registered holder, the number of shares represented by such certificate, the par value of each share of stock or that such shares of stock are without par value, and that such shares are fully paid and nonassessable. If such shares are not fully paid, the certificates shall be legibly stamped to indicate the percent which has been paid, and as further payments are made, the certificate shall be stamped accordingly. If the Corporation is authorized to issue shares of more than one class, every certificate shall state the kind and class of shares represented thereby, and the relative rights, interests, preferences and restrictions of such class, or a summary thereof provided, that such statement may be omitted from the certificate if it shall be set forth upon the face or back of the certificate that such statement, in full, will be furnished by the Corporation to any shareholder upon written request and without charge.. 
 
 Section 6. Facsimile Signatures. If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a transfer agent other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the officers of the Corporation may be facsimiles. If a certificate is countersigned by the written signature of a registrar other than the Corporation or its employee, the signatures of the transfer agent and the officers of the Corporation may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of its issue. 
 
 Section 7. Transfer of Shares. Stock of the Corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by applicable law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of stock shall be made on the books of the 
 1708877.v1 

Corporation, and in the case of certificated shares of stock, only by the person named in the certificate or by such person s attorney lawfully constituted in writing and upon the surrender of the certificate therefor, properly endorsed for transfer and payment of all necessary transfer taxes or, in the case of uncertificated shares of stock, upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered holder of the shares or by such person s attorney lawfully constituted in writing, and upon payment of all necessary transfer taxes and compliance with appropriate procedures for transferring shares in uncertificated form provided, however, that such surrender and endorsement, compliance or payment of taxes shall not be required in any case in which the officers of the Corporation shall determine to waive such requirement. No transfer of stock shall be valid as against the Corporation for any purpose until it shall have been entered in the stock records of the Corporation by an entry showing from and to whom transferred. 
 
 Section 8. Cancellation. Every certificate surrendered to the Corporation for exchange or transfer shall be canceled, and no new certificate or certificates shall be issued in exchange for any existing certificate until such existing certificate shall have been so canceled, except in cases provided for in Section 10 of this Article III. 
 
 Section 9. Transfer Agent and Registrar. The Board of Directors may appoint a transfer agent and a registrar for each class of capital stock of the Corporation and may require all certificates representing such shares to bear the signature of such transfer agent and registrar. Shareholders shall be responsible for notifying the transfer agent and registrar for the class of stock held by such shareholder in writing of any changes in their addresses from time to time, and failure so to do shall relieve the Corporation, its shareholders, directors, officers, transfer agent and registrar of liability for failure to direct notices, dividends, or other documents or property to an address other than the one appearing upon the records of the transfer agent and registrar of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 10. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may cause a new certificate or certificates to be issued in place of any certificate or certificates therefore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate of stock to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or certificates, the Corporation may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his, her or its legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond in such sum and in such form as it may direct to indemnify against any claim that may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed or the issuance of such new certificate. The Corporation, in its discretion, may authorize the issuance of such new certificates without any bond when in its judgment it is proper to do so. 
 
 Section 11. Registered Shareholders. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of such shares to receive dividends, to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments, and to treat as owner in all other respects, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claims to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Indiana. 
 
 1708877.v1 

Section 12. Options to Officers and Employees. The issuance, including the consideration, of rights or options to directors, officers or employees of the Corporation, and not to the shareholders generally, to purchase from the Corporation shares of its capital stock shall be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote thereon or shall be authorized by and consistent with a plan approved by such a vote of the shareholders. The price to be received for any shares having a par value, other than treasury shares to be issued upon the exercise of such rights or options, shall not be less than the par value thereof. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Section 1. Place of Meeting. Meetings of shareholders of the Corporation shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Indiana, as may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notices or waivers of notice of such meetings. 
 
 Section 2. Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of shareholders for the election of Directors, and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held on the second Tuesday of April of each year, if such day is not a holiday, and if a holiday, then on the first following day that is not a holiday, or in lieu of such day may be held on such other day as the Board of Directors may set by resolution, but not later than the end of the fifth month following the close of the fiscal year of the Corporation. Failure to hold the annual meeting at the designated time shall not work any forfeiture or a dissolution of the Corporation, and shall not affect otherwise valid corporate acts. 
 
 Section 3. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the Articles of Incorporation, may be called by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board, President or Secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of Directors, or at the request in writing of shareholders holding of record not less than one-fourth of all the shares outstanding and entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to vote on the business for which the meeting is being called. 
 
 Section 4. Notice of Meetings. A written or printed notice, stating the place, day and hour of the meeting, and in case of a special meeting, or when required by any other provision of The Indiana Business Corporation Law, or of the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, or these Bylaws, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered or mailed by the Secretary, or by the officers or persons calling the meeting, to each shareholder of record entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law to vote at such meeting, at such address as appears upon the records of the Corporation, at least ten (10) days before the date of the meeting. Notice of any such meeting may be waived in writing by any shareholder, if the waiver sets forth in reasonable detail the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and the time and place thereof. Attendance at any meeting in person, or by proxy, shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting. Each shareholder, who has in the manner above provided waived notice of a shareholders meeting, or who personally attends a shareholders meeting, or is represented thereat by a proxy authorized to appear by an instrument of proxy, shall be conclusively presumed to have been given due notice of such meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of shareholders shall not be required 
 1708877.v1 

to be given if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, except as may be expressly required by law. 
 
 Section 5. Addresses of Shareholders. The address of any shareholder appearing upon the records of the Corporation shall be deemed to be the latest address of such shareholder appearing on the records maintained by the Transfer Agent for the class of stock held by such shareholder. 
 
 Section 6. Voting at Meetings. 
 
 (a) Quorum. The holders of record of a majority of the issued and outstanding stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of shareholders for the transaction of business, except where otherwise provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. In the absence of a quorum, any officer entitled to preside at, or act as secretary of, such meeting shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum shall be constituted. At any such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting, but only those shareholders entitled to vote at the original meeting shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof unless a new record date is fixed by the Board of Directors for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 (b) Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation, every shareholder shall have the right at every shareholders meeting to one vote for each share of stock having voting power, registered in his, her or its name on the books of the Corporation on the date for the determination of shareholders entitled to vote, on all matters coming before the meeting including the election of directors. At any meeting of the shareholders, every shareholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to vote in person, or by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or a duly authorized attorney in fact and bearing a date not more than eleven months prior to its execution, unless a longer time is expressly provided therein. 
 
 (c) Required Vote. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provision of The Indiana Business Corporation Law or of the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, a greater vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. 
 
 Section 7. Voting List. The Transfer Agent of the Corporation shall make, at least five days before each election of directors, a complete list of the shareholders entitled by the Articles of Incorporation, as now or hereafter amended, to vote at such election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address and number of shares so entitled to vote held by each, which list shall be on file at the principal office of the Corporation and subject to inspection by any shareholder. Such list shall be produced and kept open at the time and place of election and subject to the inspection by any shareholder. The original stock register or transfer book, or a duplicate thereof kept in the State of Indiana, shall be the only evidence as to who are the shareholders entitled to examine such list or the stock ledger or transfer book or to vote at any meeting of the shareholders. 
 
 1708877.v1 

Section 8. Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Vote. The Board of Directors may prescribe a period not exceeding 50 days prior to meetings of the shareholders, during which no transfer of stock on the books of the Corporation may be made or, in lieu of prohibiting the transfer for stock may fix a day and hour not more than 50 days prior to the holding of any meeting of shareholders as the time as of which shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting shall be determined, and all persons who are holders of record of voting stock at such time, and no others, shall be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, such meeting. In the absence of such a determination, such date shall be 10 days prior to the date of such meeting. 
 
 Section 9. Nominations for Director. Nominations for election to the Board of Directors may be made by the Board of Directors or by any shareholder of any outstanding class of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors. Nominations, other than those made by or on behalf of the existing management of the Corporation, shall be made in writing and shall be delivered or mailed to the Chairman of the Board not less than 150 days nor more than 180 days prior to any meeting of shareholders called for the election of directors. Such notification shall contain the following information to the extent known to the notifying shareholder (a) the name and address of each proposed nominee (b) the principal occupation of each proposed nominee (c) the total number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation that will be voted for each proposed nominee (d) the name and residence address of the notifying shareholder and (e) the number of shares of capital stock of the Corporation owned by the notifying shareholder. Upon receipt of such nominations, the Chairman of the Board shall confirm in writing whether or not such nominee, if elected, is willing to serve as a Director and if the nominee declines to serve if elected, the nomination shall not be submitted to the shareholders. Nominations not made in accordance herewith may, in his or her discretion, be disregarded by the chairman of the meeting, and upon his or her instructions, the vote tellers may disregard all votes cast for each such nominee. 
 
 Section 10. Meetings. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at each meeting of shareholders. In the absence of the Chairman, the meeting shall be chaired by an officer of the corporation in accordance with the following order President, Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President and Vice President. In the absence of all such officers, the meeting shall be chaired by a person chosen by the vote of a majority in interest of the shareholders present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote thereat. The Secretary or in his or her absence an Assistant Secretary or in the absence of the Secretary and all Assistant Secretaries a person whom the chairman of the meeting shall appoint shall act as secretary of the meeting and keep a record of the proceedings thereof. The Board of Directors of the Corporation shall be entitled to make such rules or regulations for the conduct of meetings of shareholders as it shall deem necessary, appropriate or convenient. Subject to such rules and regulations of the Board of Directors, if any, the chairman of the meeting shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are necessary, appropriate or convenient for the proper conduct of the meeting, including without limitation, establishing an agenda or order of business for the meeting, rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present, limitations on participation in such meeting to shareholders of record of the Corporation and their duly authorized and constituted proxies, and such other persons as the Chairman shall permit, restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof, limitations on the time allotted to questions or comment by participants and regulation of the opening and closing of 
 1708877.v1 

the polls for balloting on matters which are to be voted on by ballot. Unless determined otherwise by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of shareholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with rules of parliamentary procedure. 

ARTICLE V 
 Board of Directors 
 
 Section 1. Election, Number and Term of Office. Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of shareholders, or, if not so elected, at a special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose, by the holders of the shares of stock entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to elect Directors. 
 
 The number of Directors of the Corporation to be elected by the holders of the shares of stock entitled by the Articles of Incorporation to elect directors, shall be established by the affirmative vote at least 75 in number of the directors holding office at the time of such determination. Absent such determination, the number of directors shall be ten (10). 
 
 The Corporation elects not to be governed by Section 23-1-33-6(c) of the Indiana Business Corporation Law. 
 
 Section 2. Vacancies. 
 
 (a) Any vacancies occurring in the Board of Directors caused by death, resignation, disqualification, removal from office, or otherwise (other than as provided in subsection (b) of this Section 2), shall be filled by a majority vote of the remaining directors. Any director so appointed shall hold office for the unexpired term of the director who is being replaced and until his or her successor is elected and has qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, disqualification or removal from office. 
 
 (b) In the event of an increase in the number of directors pursuant to the provisions in Section 1 of this Article V, a new directorship shall be assigned to the classes in such a manner as to maintain, to the extent possible, an equal number in each of the classes. These directorships shall then be filled by a majority vote of the members of the Board of Directors prior to the filling of any such vacancies, to hold office for the remainder of the term of the class to which these new directorships have been designated. 
 
 (c) At the discretion of the Board of Directors, any vacancy referred to in subsection (a) or (b) hereof may be filled by the vote of the shareholders entitled to vote thereon at a special meeting called for that purpose. 
 
 (d) No decrease in the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. 
 
 Section 3. Annual Meeting of Directors. The Board of Directors shall meet each year immediately after the annual meeting of the shareholders, at the place where such meeting of the shareholders has 
 1708877.v1 

been held either within or without the State of Indiana, for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and consideration of any other business that may properly come before the meeting. No notice of any kind to either old or new members of the Board of Directors for such annual meeting shall be necessary. 
 
 Section 4. Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places, either within or without the State of Indiana, as may be fixed by the Directors. Such regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice or upon such notice as may be fixed by the Directors. 
 
 Section 5. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President, or by not less than a majority of the members of the Board of Directors. Notice of the time and place, either within or without the State of Indiana, of a special meeting shall be served upon or telephoned to each Director at least twenty-four hours, or mailed, telegraphed or cabled to each Director at his or her usual place of business or residence at least forty-eight hours, prior to the time of the meeting. Directors, in lieu of such notice, may sign a written waiver of notice either before the time of the meeting, at the meeting or after the meeting. Attendance by a director in person at any such special meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice. 
 
 Section 6. Quorum. A majority of the actual number of Directors elected and qualified, from time to time, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business except the filling of vacancies, and the act of a majority of the Directors present at the meeting, at which a quorum is present, shall be the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater number is required by The Indiana Business Corporation Law, by the Articles of Incorporation, or by these Bylaws. A Director, who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors, at which action on any corporate matter is taken, shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to the action taken, unless (a) such Director s dissent shall be affirmatively stated at and before the adjournment of such meeting (in which event the fact of such dissent shall be entered by the secretary of the meeting in the minutes of the meeting), or (b) such Director shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. The right of dissent provided for by either clause (a) or clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not be available, in respect of any matter acted upon at any meeting, to a Director who voted at the meeting in favor of such matter and did not change his or her vote prior to the time that the result of the vote on such matter was announced by the chairman of such meeting. 
 
 Section 7. Consent Action by Directors. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if prior to such action a written consent to such action is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 
 
 Section 8. Removal of Directors. 
 
 (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, a director may be removed or suspended from the Board of Directors only with cause as determined by the procedures established herein. 
 1708877.v1 

(b) Cause for removal or suspension shall include action or failure to act on the part of the director in question which results in (i) a violation of law, rule, regulation or order, or a breach of the director s fiduciary duty, or with respect to the Corporation s banking subsidiary, involves an unsafe or unsound banking practice, and (ii) the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries has suffered substantial damage or the director has received financial gain from such action or omission. 
 
 (c) A determination that a director should be removed or suspended for cause shall be made only upon the affirmative vote of at least a majority in number of the members of the Board of Directors entitled to vote thereon. Any director whose removal is being considered and any other director who knowingly was involved in the action or omission giving rise to the removal or suspension proceeding, shall not be entitled to vote on the question of removal or suspension. 
 
 (d) The director whose removal or suspension is being considered shall be given written notice from the Board of Directors of the basis alleged to give rise to the cause for removal or suspension and of the day, time, and place where a hearing will be held at which the director will have the opportunity to respond. The hearing shall be held not less than ten (10) days and not more than thirty (30) days after notice has been sent to the director provided, that, upon the written request of the director, the date of the hearing may be extended beyond the thirty (30) day period, in which case the director shall be suspended from serving on the Board of Directors for the period from the original date of the hearing to the rescheduled date. 
 
 (e) At the hearing, a representative designated by the Board of Directors shall present the basis for the removal or suspension as well as any other evidence in support thereof, whether documentary, testimonial or otherwise. This representative may be a member of the Board of Directors (in which case the representative shall not be entitled to vote upon the removal of the director), an officer of the Corporation or any other third party, who in any case shall have no interest in the actions or omissions to act giving rise to the proceeding. After the representative has made his or her presentation, the director shall have the opportunity to present evidence, whether documentary, testimonial or otherwise, refuting the basis for the removal or suspension proceeding. The representative and the director shall have the opportunity to cross-examine any witnesses for the other side, to present rebuttal testimony, and to present summary statements. 
 
 (f) After the presentation of all evidence, the Board of Directors shall vote on the issue and shall notify the director of the results in writing. If the vote is to remove the director, the Board of Directors, upon written request from the director, shall, within ten (10) days, present a written report setting forth the Board of Directors findings of fact and conclusions. 
 
 (g) The director shall be entitled to be represented by counsel. 
 
 (h) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any and all members of the Board of Directors may be removed, with or without cause, at a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose by a vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to votes at that meeting, excluding any shares held by holders of 10 or more of the outstanding common stock. 
 1708877.v1 

Section 9. Dividends. The Board of Directors shall have power, subject to any restrictions contained in The Indiana Business Corporation Law or in the Articles of Incorporation and out of funds legally available therefor, to declare and pay dividends upon the outstanding capital stock of the Corporation as and when they deem expedient. Before declaring any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their absolute discretion deem proper for working capital, or as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conductive to the interests of the Corporation and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 
 
 Section 10. Fixing of Record Date to Determine Shareholders Entitled to Receive Corporate Benefits. The Board of Directors may fix a day and hour not exceeding 50 days preceding the date fixed for payment of any dividend or for the delivery of evidence of rights, or for the distribution of other corporate benefits, or for a determination of shareholders for any other purpose, as a record time for the determination of the shareholders entitled to receive any such dividend, rights or distribution, and in such case only shareholders of record at the time so fixed shall be entitled to receive such dividend, rights or distribution. If no record date is fixed for the determination of shareholders entitled to receive payment of a dividend, the end of the day on which the resolution of the Board of Directors declaring such dividend is adopted shall be the record date for such determination. 
 
 Section 11. Interest of Directors in Contracts. Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation or any corporation in which this Corporation owns a majority of the capital stock shall be valid and binding, notwithstanding the directors or officers of this Corporation are identical or that some or all of the directors or officers, or both, are also directors or officers of such other corporation. 
 
 Any contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or members or employees, or between the Corporation and any firm of which one or more of its directors are members or employees or in which they are interested, or between the Corporation and any corporation or association of which one or more of its directors are shareholders, members, directors, officers, or employees or in which they are interested, shall be valid for all purposes, notwithstanding the presence of such director of directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Corporation which acts upon, or in reference to, such contract or transaction and notwithstanding his, her or their participation in such action, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known to the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors shall authorize, approve and ratify such contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors present, such interested director or directors to be counted in determining whether a quorum is present, but not to be counted in calculating the majority of such quorum necessary to carry such vote. This Section shall not be construed to invalidate any contact or other transaction which would otherwise be valid under the common and statutory law applicable thereto. 
 
 Section 12. Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the actual number of Directors elected and qualified, from time to time, designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees, each of which, to the extent provided in the resolution, the Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws, may exercise all of the authority of the Board of Directors 
 1708877.v1 

of the Corporation, including, but not limited to, the authority to issue and sell or approve any contract to issue and sell, securities or shares of the Corporation or designate the terms of a series of a class of securities or shares of the Corporation. The terms which may be affixed by each such committee include, but are not limited to, the price, dividend rate, and provisions of redemption, a sinking fund, conversion, voting, or preferential rights or other features of securities or class or series of a class of shares. Each such committee may have full power to adopt a final resolution which sets forth those terms and to authorize a statement of such terms to be filed with the Secretary of State. However, no such committee has the authority to declare dividends or distributions, amend the Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws, approve a plan of merger or consolidation even if such plan does not require shareholder approval, reduce earned or capital surplus, authorize or approve the reacquisition of shares unless pursuant to a general formula or method specified by the Board of Directors, or recommend to the shareholders voluntary dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation thereof. No member of any such committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he or she ceases to be a Director of the Corporation. The calling and holding of meetings of any such committee and its method of procedure shall be determined by the Board of Directors. A member of the Board of Directors shall not be liable for any action taken by any such committee if he or she is not a member of that committee and has acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believes is in the best interest of the Corporation. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 Officers 
 
 Section 1. Principal Officers. The principal officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, such other subordinate officers as may be appointed in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person, except the duties of President and Secretary shall not be performed by the same person. No person shall be eligible for the office of Chairman of the Board or President who is not a director of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 2. Election and Term of Office. The principal officers of the Corporation shall be chosen annually by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting thereof. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been duly chosen and qualified, or until his or her death, or until he or she shall resign, or shall have been removed in the manner hereinafter provided. 
 
 Section 3. Removal. Any principal officer may be removed, either with or without cause, at any time, by resolution adopted at any meeting of the Board of Directors by a majority of the actual number of Directors elected and qualified from time to time. 

Section 4. Subordinate Officers. In addition to the principal officers enumerated in Section 1 of this Article VI, the Corporation may have one or more Assistant Treasurers, one or more Assistant Secretaries and such other officers, agents and employees as the Board of Directors may deem necessary, each of whom shall hold office for such period, may be removed with or without cause, have such authority, and perform such duties as the Chairman of the Board, President, or the Board of Directors may from time to time 
 1708877.v1 

determine. The Board of Directors may delegate to any principal officer the power to appoint and to remove any such subordinate officers, agents or employees. 
 
 Section 5. Resignations. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Chairman of the Board of Directors or to the President or to the Secretary. Any such resignation shall take effect upon receipt of such notice or at any later time specified therein, and, unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 
 
 Section 6. Vacancies. Any vacancy in any office for any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term in the manner prescribed in these Bylaws for election or appointment to such office for such term. 
 
 Section 7. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board, who shall be chosen from among the Directors, shall preside at all meetings of shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In general, he or she shall perform all duties and have all the powers incident to the office of Chairman of the Board, as herein defined, and all such other duties and powers as, from time to time, may be assigned by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 8. President. The President, who shall be chosen from among the Directors, shall in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, preside at all meetings of shareholders and at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In general, he or she shall perform all duties and have all the powers incident to the office of President, as herein defined, and all such other duties and powers as, from time to time, may be assigned by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 9. Vice Presidents. The Vice Presidents in the order of their seniority, unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the President, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President. They shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Chairman of the Board, President or the Board of Directors may from time to time assign. 
 
 Section 10. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds and securities of the Corporation and shall deposit all such funds in the name of the Corporation in such banks or other depositories as shall be selected by the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall upon request exhibit at all reasonable times his or her books of account and records to any of the directors of the Corporation during business hours at the office of the Corporation where such books and records shall be kept shall render upon request by the Board of Directors a statement of the condition of the finances of the Corporation at any meeting of the Board of Directors or at the annual meeting of the shareholders shall receive, and give receipt for, moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever and in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned by the Chairman of the Board, President or the Board of Directors. The Treasurer shall give such bond, if any, for the faithful discharge of his or her duties as the Board of Directors may require. 
 
 1708877.v1 

Section 11. Secretary. The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept in the books provided for that purpose the minutes of the meetings of the shareholders and of the Board of Directors shall duly give and serve all notices required to be given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and by The Indiana Business Corporation Law shall be custodian of the records and of the seal of the Corporation and see that the seal is affixed to all documents, the execution of which on behalf of the Corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as may, from time to time, be assigned by the Chairman of the Board, President or the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 12. Salaries. The salaries of the principal officers shall be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors, and the salaries of any subordinate officers may be fixed by the Chairman of the Board or President. 
 
 Section 13. Voting Corporation s Securities. Unless otherwise ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the President and Secretary, and each of them, are appointed attorneys and agents of the Corporation, and shall have full power and authority in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to attend, to act, and to vote all stock or other securities entitled to be voted at any meetings of security holders of corporations, or associations in which the Corporation may hold securities, in person or by proxy, as a shareholder or otherwise, and at such meetings shall possess and may exercise any and all rights and powers incident to the ownership of such securities, and which as the owner thereof the Corporation might have possessed and exercised, if present, or to consent in writing to any action by any such other corporation or association. The Board of Directors by resolution from time to time may confer like powers upon any other person or persons. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 Indemnification of Directors, Officers and Employees 
 
 Every person who is or was a director, officer or employee of this Corporation or of any other corporation for which he or she is or was serving in any capacity at the request of this Corporation shall be indemnified by this Corporation against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from or arising out of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, provided that such person is wholly successful with respect thereto or acted in good faith in what he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of this Corporation or such other corporation, as the case may be, and, in addition, in any criminal action or proceeding in which he or she had no reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. As used herein, claim, action, suit or proceeding shall include any claim, action, suit or proceeding (whether brought by or in the right of this Corporation or such other corporation or otherwise), civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, whether actual or threatened or in connection with an appeal relating thereto, in which a director, officer or employee of this Corporation may become involved, as a party or otherwise, 
 
 (i) by reason of being or having been a director, officer or employee of this Corporation or such other corporation or arising out of his or her status as such or 
 
 1708877.v1 

(ii) by reason of any past or future action taken or not taken in any such capacity, whether or not he or she continues to be such at the time such liability or expense is incurred. 
 
 The terms liability and expense shall include, but shall not be limited to, attorneys fees and disbursements, amounts of judgments, fines or penalties, and amounts paid in settlement by or on behalf of a director, officer or employee, but shall not in any event include any liability or expenses on account of profits realized in the purchase or sale of securities of the Corporation in violation of the law. The termination of any claim, action, suit or proceeding, by judgment, settlement (whether with or without court approval) or conviction or upon a plea of guilty or of nolo contendere, or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that a director, officer or employee did not meet the standards of conduct set forth in this paragraph. 
 
 Any such director, officer or employee who has been wholly successful with respect to any such claim, action, suit or proceeding shall be entitled to indemnification as a matter of right. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, any indemnification hereunder shall be made only if (i) the Board of Directors acting by a quorum consisting of Directors who are not parties to or who have been wholly successful with respect to such claim, action, suit or proceeding shall find that the director, officer or employee has met the standards of conduct set forth in the preceding paragraph or (ii) independent legal counsel shall deliver to the Corporation their written opinion that such director, officer or employee has met such standards of conduct. 
 
 If several claims, issues or matters of action are involved, any such person may be entitled to indemnification as to some matters even though he or she is not entitled as to other matters. 
 
 The Corporation may advance expenses to or, where appropriate, may at its expense undertake the defense of any such director, officer or employee upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such person to repay such expenses if it should ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 
 The provisions of this Section shall be applicable to claims, actions, suits or proceedings made or commenced after the adoption hereof, whether arising from acts or omissions to act during, before or after the adoption hereof. 
 
 The rights of indemnification provided hereunder shall be in addition to any rights to which any person concerned may otherwise be entitled by contract or as a matter of law and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of any such person. 
 
 The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation against any liability asserted against and incurred in any capacity or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Section or otherwise. 
 
 1708877.v1 

ARTICLE VIII 
 Amendments 
 
 Any provision of these Bylaws may be made, altered, amended or repealed by (a) the affirmative vote of note less than a majority of the actual number of directors elected and qualified, from time to time, provided that notice of the proposed addition, alteration, amendment or repeal is contained in a notice duly provided to the Board of Directors or (b) by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all votes entitled to be cast by the shareholders on the matter at any meeting of the shareholders, provided that the proposed addition, alteration, amendment, or repeal is contained in the notice of such shareholder meeting. 
 1708877.v1 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-21.0>
 4
 a10kexhibit21012312022.htm
 EX-21.0

Document 

Exhibit 21.0 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 1. Lake City Bank, Warsaw, Indiana, a banking corporation organized under the laws of the State of Indiana. 
 
 2. LCB Investments II, Inc., a subsidiary of Lake City Bank incorporated in Nevada to manage a portion of the Bank s investment portfolio. 
 
 3. LCB Funding, Inc., a subsidiary of LCB Investments II, Inc. incorporated under the laws of Maryland to operate as a real estate investment trust. 
 
 4. LCB Risk Management, Inc., a subsidiary of Lakeland Financial Corporation incorporated in Nevada to operate as a captive insurance company. 

</EX-21.0>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 a10kexhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (333-48402,333-130396, 333-135863, 333-150900, 333-189851 and 333-217283) of Lakeland Financial Corporation of our report dated February 22, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Lakeland Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Crowe LLP 
 Crowe LLP 
 South Bend, Indiana 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 a10kexhibit31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, David M. Findlay, Chief Executive Officer of Lakeland Financial Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 s David M. Findlay David M. Findlay Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 a10kexhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Lisa M. O Neill, Chief Financial Officer of Lakeland Financial Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lakeland Financial Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purpose in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 s Lisa M. O Neill Lisa M. O Neill Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 a10kexhibit32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Lakeland Financial Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, David M. Findlay, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s David M. Findlay David M. Findlay Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Lakeland Financial Corporation and will be retained by Lakeland Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 a10kexhibit32212312022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Lakeland Financial Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Lisa M. O Neill, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Lisa M. O Neill Lisa M. O Neill Chief Financial Officer February 22, 2023 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Lakeland Financial Corporation and will be retained by Lakeland Financial Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 lkfn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 lkfn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 lkfn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 lkfn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 lkfn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

